What brexit option would be put in a 2nd ref #PeoplesVote if both Theresa May's crap deal&amp; #NoDealBrexit have already been ruled out by our Sovereign (Parliament)? Is there enough time for a PV anyway? Also,Executive are only ones who can action one? The PV makes no sense #GTTO
A "meaningful vote" cast: What happened and what next?
True or not, nonetheless leaving the EU is tantamount to state suicide, is against the interests of the whole nation, and increasingly the wishes of the majority. Let sanity prevail and stop Brexit.
independence is about brexit and brexit is about independence though innit
Why talk to Parliament, It’s the people who voted to leave.
I've checked with our export dept at work re the extra paperwork. To export to &amp; import from the EU after Brexit the extra paperwork will be "a bit more, basically the same as for non EU at the moment so it won't be anything we can't handle". Perhaps our firm is on the ball?
Agree this Parliament won’t let WTO Brexit happen (&amp; EU know too!), but don’t think they’ll let any Brexit fly. I’d be fine with a50 pause IF Parliament genuinely committed to enacting the ref result, one way or another. But I’m sure they’d simply use it to work against enactment
This.
And what about the Labour members who voted Leave? Did you even read the articles? By the way, if you think I'm pro Brexit, I suggest you read my feed for the past two years, ffs.
So the arseholes that voted down the pm brexit on Tuesday are the same ones who voted for her yesterday in a no conference vote yesterday just shows you I only care about me an not the people of this country DUP have the for torys where they want 1.5billion worth.
While I'm not holding my breath it will happen, MPs from across all the parties need to get this Brexit mess sorted out *now*! Tell MPs: work cross-party to fix Brexit. Add your name now: via
That seems to be the definition of a remainer brexit.
#Altright News &gt; Labour Party wants general elections and an alternate plan for Brexit
Brexit means BreAAAAARRRRGH PLEASE MAKE IT STOP!
European Parliament Member Philippe Lamberts says an extension of Article 50 is "only a means, not a solution in itself" on the Brexit puzzle
European Parliament Member Philippe Lamberts says an extension of Article 50 is "only a means, not a solution in itself" on the Brexit puzzle
Why have all these political folk got those red cups you always see in American films when college students are getting trashed at frat parties? Shouldn't they be busy sorting out Brexit?? #PoliticsLive
Thanks! Very interesting thread. I was particularly intrigued to see that the question of UK seats in the EP in the event the UK is a member of the EU at the time if the next EP elections was in fact preempted in the very doc. divvying up UK seats post-Brexit!
Everyone should read this. It's quite concerning. #Brexit
Devils of Brexit left unscathed after defeat of May’s deal
This is hands down the worst thing to have come out of Brexit.
Problem now is the 2.5yrs that should have gone into preparation for #Leave is gone. You can’t get answers to basic questions eg if an EU national wanted to enter UK what happens in a #NoDeal scenario? #bbcnews #policslive #bbcqt #Brexit
Brilliant!
Devils of Brexit left unscathed after defeat of May’s deal
Arrogant remainers want a second vote. That would be a bad day for democracy | Chris Bickerton
So, given only 38% of the electorate voted for Brexit and how much has changed since that vote, you say it’s a disgrace to leave without checking that Brexiteers are at least still the largest minority? Seems like just common decency to the remainers and don’t knows to me
No. No it should not. It should accept the reality that there is not Brexit that does not damage irrevocably the economic prosperity of this country and call for the only course of action that can unblock the stailmate in parliament #PeoplesVote
If you were on death row and new evidence showed your conviction wasn’t sound would you ignore it and let the sentence go ahead or ask for a retrial? Leavers are showing desperation not confidence in blocking a 2019 deal or remain vote. #finalsay #brexit #corbyn
With respect is this not a waste of time, pushing the same policies that have been rejected by MPs 2 - 1. #Brexit #Labour #Conservatives #FBPE #BreakingNews
Except that the same warmongers Mr Ellwood will hail as ‘heros’ created what later became Al-Qaeda, the Taliban which cost so many innocent lives. This is nothing but a tactic to deflect away the mess the Tories are making of Brexit.
Proposal for new Brexit Studies university dept, led by a Professor of Histrionic Whataboutery and a Reader in Twitter Trollery
So much wrong with this: 1. "Either he backs Brexit or he backs the people" is "with us or against us" false dichotomy 2. The people voted for Brexit so: tautology 3. Corbyn supports Brexit; why would he oppose it? 4. Requiring Opposition to oppose rules out cross-party consensus
Credit card demand faces record drop as Brexit spooks borrowers - business live
Pretty sure Brexit is the ultimate embarrassment
Tory MP pledges second referendum amendment to May's Brexit plan
Tory MP pledges second referendum amendment to May's Brexit plan
2 yrs ago crossparty talks should have been happening But May sought to manage a divided Party &amp; country by thinking delivering #BREXIT was a gov task not one requiring crossparty collaboration Delivery of Change requires active involvement by all stakeholders - Changement 101
Should put Marcelo Bielsa in charge of sorting out Brexit - neutral - has European experience - experience of leading a previously unimpressive group to success - advance awareness of opposition negotiation tactics - skilled in Excel and PowerPoint
In all versions of a soft brexit, we take rules and have no say with no advantages over staying. There is no unicorn brexit. We no deal or stay. I'd prefer to stay.
Does that mean we won’t be able to sign him permanently at the end of the loan if we do leave EU in April? Or, as our chairman says, will it be easier to sign non-EU players after Brexit?
Can't the spend the Brexit dividend on the Welsh nuclear power plant? We are going to be billions better off are we not?
Not what the people want...Brexit has no benefits for 99% of people in Britain
So you are open to discussions about Brexit if the only Brexit option left is taken off the table??
In case you thought the UK was barmy over Brexit, Berlusconi still thinks his electorate is dense.
After the crushing rejection of British Prime Minister Theresa May's Brexit deal, a new motion is set to be debated on January 29.
According to most headlines this morning Brexit is #AllCorbynsFault ... &amp; the hard-of-thinking who believe this are buying the biggest lemon in British history.
Brilliant - worth a look ....
Lost the brexit deal vote by a crazy loss. They then vote they have confidence in the prime minister... i just do not understand??? Wtf is wrong with them ??? #brexit #ToriesOut
What do you think a no deal brexit will mean for jobs? Positive or negative in number?
Caught this traitor coming out of a meeting the day after the Brexit march in London while stood with the MSM.
"Hey! My name's Theresa May and I'm #Brexit's b*tch."
Brexit proof too. I knew it was the one for you ;)
How many Brits even know about NWO? (&amp; Common Purpose) I found out 3 years ago while researching #Brexit. Doubt it's even 25% of the population. People that do find out seem to change from Remain to Leave quite quickly! Fancy doing a poll?
This deserves a few minutes of anyone’s time
Latest News: Brexit: Theresa May meeting MPs 'to seek consensus' The PM hopes the talks could help end the Brexit stalemate - as a vote on any revised plan is pencilled in for 29 January. 2019-01-17 13:06:16Z
Good stuff. A People's Vote is the only way forward, so better to be prepared.
To those who say this Brexit cost is worth it for “freedom” &amp;amp; “sovereignty”, I have a special offer for you:\n\nPlease transfer £600 to my account &amp;amp; I will send you:\n\nA statement granting you personal sovereignty... and a decla
Holding the public on brexit to ransom
hey I thought brexit in England was hacked and rigged just like the 2016 election was here they both happened at about the same time they should be doing another vote correct?
Twitter never forgets, and neither will I. #brexit
No, Brexit is undeliverable as it is based on lies and law breaking and it cannot be implemented without doing massive harm to the country #PeoplesVote
Don't you dare it can't. It's in a white paper. It's statute
Citizens’ rights in the event of a 'no deal' Brexit | Doing Good Leeds
It’s a must that people get to know this along with details of UN immigration pact we have signed up too. It a complete sell out!
I predict a riot ???
well it appears the few have been getting to much of their own way before brexit.
May fights to find a Brexit plan after surviving confidence vote
If you were on death row and new evidence showed your conviction wasn’t sound would you ignore it and let the sentence go ahead or ask for a retrial? Leavers are showing desperation not confidence in blocking a 2019 deal or remain vote. #finalsay #brexit #corbyn
Its you the politicians have let us down. You are not leading. Locked into the tyranny of two party system not fit for purpose, you are incapable of challenging the prejudice and ignorance the right has ignited. You have to lead us out of Brexit not consult our way out.
A tacit admission that numbers matter for service delivery. Can we all stop pretending otherwise now.
She will never abandon her #LongCon of engineering a no deal brexit, and blaming you for it
We need #PeoplesVote
The Malign Incompetence of the British Ruling Class #Brexit #Chumocracy
Shouldn't you be agreeing with this?
hey I thought brexit in England was hacked and rigged just like the 2016 election was here they both happened at about the same time they should be doing another vote correct?
Brexit referendum added £2bn to energy bills - Utility Week
Let's wait to see what happens finally to UK's future!
Do not understand Yes voters who are anti-EU/ pro-Brexit but who are demanding an indyref. The shambles of Brexit is the only justification for a second independence referendum.
Call it what you like but it's still a fact that 94% of voters in England/Wales voted for a party who promised to DELIVER brexit in their manifesto, it's the same fact that brexiteers will use against a people vote, I voted remain but I'm looking at what they'll say to block it
In that you commented in the negative about a no deal brexit today, you seem to elude on other occasions to that being your favoured option.
Not doing too well at the moment are you... next will be an extension to article 50 then it'll be a people's vote which will result in remain winning and then Brexit will be off.
Suck it up dickhead!
Spot on Piers, am impressed with your Brexit impartiality and belief in democracy on GMB.
Mays withdrawal agreement IS an mashup of opinions imho, it should satisfy all sides except hardliners on both sides which is why many people are furious at the current impasse. #brexit
Evening Standard: Brexit vote news: MPs will debate and vote on Theresa May's plan B on January 29. via
Fuck Brexit, look at this
Nailed it... #brexit #BrexitChaos
France triggers €50m contingency plan in case of no-deal Brexit - The Guardian via #business #News
Important report by yesterday - counted 161 environmental reporting obligations that could disappear after #Brexit, which would damage the transparency &amp; accountability needed for a #GreenerUK
UK Businesses Brace for No-Deal Brexit
The betting options for #brexit over on are hilarious
This really is one of the best things I’ve read on the malign incompetence of the British ruling class.
Well the vast majority of evidence, expert opinion, gov assessment reports etc point towards Brexit making us poorer both as a country on an individual level. It is of course possible they are ALL wrong but unlikely and I don't really fancy staking my future on it.
coming clear that Corbyn's policy now is to be obstructive as he sees political capital in possible chaos after No Deal exit&gt;reality is 'Corbyn wants a No Deal'
EU-Swiss talks hit impasse, causing Brexit confusion
Yup, Brexit' policy followed by a doodle of a:
"The lies to the damage brexit will cause" brilliant... arguing my point very well!! Those lies.... 800k jobs lost, depression, major companies leaving, emergency budget to deal with the mess.... on just a VOTE to leave. List the leave lies that have shown to be actual lies
demands no deal is taken off the table - political game player. demands no deal is taken off the table - prime ministerial. Not digging at YC, but illustrating the fickleness of MSM.
Whereas others of us think that stopping Brexit is the biggest crisis of our lifetimes + don't see Corbyn offering a solution to that.
Please, please sign this petition and retweet it so that we can get a debate on NOT suspending Article 50 at all. This is the only way we will get WTO terms Brexit re article 50 it must not be suspended/stopped under any circumstances
It's to our shame , it's our fault , that this man and those like him are freely walking around ; dressed , head to toe , in the finery, bought at the tax-payer's expense. They rely upon our restraint to do so. I now wonder if that's any longer to our credit. Insults have limits.
You &amp; Corbyn both asking for no deal to be taken off the table - are you both being a bit thick ? No deal is the only thing that gives the UK bargaining power to obtain a fair ( not EU biased ) trade deal No deal Brexit on WTO terms =the only legal option - article 50 Democracy
why drop the brexit? He has always been against the EU since he was on the backbenches
A #Brexit Thread In 2016, you and your family were thinking of emigrating. You put it to a vote, and just over half of your family thought it was a good idea, so you went with the majority. You set a date of March 2019 to make the move.
Russia bought him too?
Should not be an alternative vote Leave with NO DEAL No Brexit Mays Deal
No-deal Brexit warning for UK drivers #BrexitShambles
Let me fix this tweet "As business leaders, with a vested interest in the EU.... blah blah blah... I abandoned my country to avoid paying tax to the very place I made millions and that is how much I actually care."
No. The GE atte. Pt by JC was pure political opportunism. Time both main parties stopped playing party politics and got on with sorting the Brexit mess out.
A sun reading #brexit supporter asked me why would they lie? I asked him "Why do you think an Australian Billionaire who lives in the United States cares so much about the UK being a member of the EU?" He didn't know.
Pelosi asleep at the switch? #OneDollarNancy #MenAreAmazing #BoycottGillette #DarkLeft #BoycottABC #BuildThatWall #FREXIT #Blexit #Brexit #RuleOfLaw #InternetBillOfRights #WalkAway #2A #DefundPP
WELL YOU CAN'T HAHAHA. YOU MADE THIS DECISION IN 2016 AND HAVE TO LIVE WITH IT. YOU HAD THE CONVERSATION 3 YEARS AGO AND VOTED ON IT, IT WOULD MAKE A MOCKERY OF DEMOCRACY TO CHANGE YOUR MIND NOW. #Brexit
Excellent thread....
This is an absolutely brilliant idea - all power to these people, taking Brexit misinformation into their own hands. What can we do to help?
Nobody should be under any illusion Brexit is a risk, but it does more harm to German car makers so EU fears a #NoDeal exit. UK should stand firm, taking #NoDeal’ off the table is like removing Brexit, so 131 MPs vs 600? Tell EU we Go #WTO
Will you be showing tonight’s match between Becel and Ding? Or is Brexit more important?
I once heard a rumour about a bad incest problem in Tilbury. Nasty! Jaywick is like a town that time forgot, the beach is meant to be nice but locals nearby refer to it as 'Soweto'. I drove past the hardest of hard Brexit pubs (flat roof). Stabbed in there no doubt....
And thank goodness for Gina Miller because if she hadn’t have gone to court the government could have just implemented whatever Brexit they wanted without having a parliament vote
oh fuck, is this how Zybourne Clock begins
If you think the EU haven't been negotiating in good faith, you've got not even the faintest idea what has been going on. The UK has still not made up their mind wtf it is they want and people like you want to have their cake and eat it. WTO Brexit ruins UK, your choice.
This is where the debate has got to, this is what people think is most helpful and wisest to produce? I can't believe what I'm seeing. #Brexit
I think Corbyn has really miscalculated here. He says he’s willing to have talks but only once the PM has agreed to all of his demands. Don’t you think you should she might want to, you know, discuss that first? #Brexit
Please, someone with common sense, please make this Brexit thing GO AWAY so it’s not a thing anymore. It’s clearly shit for this country and has done nothing but divide, deflect from this countries problems and has turned a lot of people into brainwashed idiots.
By far the most frustrating thing about Brexit and Trump is that nobody wants to listen, nobody wants to empathize , nobody wants to learn and absolutely nobody wants to perhaps do something to help the lives of people screwed over &amp; a prosperity wave that smashed on their heads
Why would anyone want to support a brexit enthusiast; utterly ridiculous notion. You're basically saying all Remainers should vote to leave the EU against their Better judgement. I've been labour all my life, but I won't vote for anyone supporting Brexit.
I find the whole #Brexit debacle way more interesting and entertaining (and sad) than American politics. . The Brits are fighting for their democracy, Americans just talk about it. Its people’s participation &amp; action vs apathy and acceptence.
30 months too late!
‘Remainer Phil‘ Tells Corporates MPs Will Stop Clean Brexit in Leaked Call via
There is nothing to discuss since WTO deal Brexit is the legally valid option. I would have had the maximum satisfaction if the WTO deal was not there and a clean Brexit was possible. It is a compromise that no deal actually has the WTO deal at place. Annoying but okay.
Brexit has sure brought all the slime out of the woodwork - and they don’t know OR CARE about a democratic vote - will we get the same response at the next General Election - “don’t like the result - let’s do it again”...
Really? You should look at your own leader who is happy to sit down with the IRA, Hamas etc without pre-conditions but refuses to do the same with the UK PM unless his pre conditions are met.
Only people to sort brexit out is the A team send them in
France launches £44m no deal Brexit plan
Corbyn wants Brexit, no deal if possible
Corbyn Will Decide Fate of Brexit, Whether He Wants to or Not via &lt; a good explanation of Corbyn’s position and how in some ways he is just as stuck as May is
in a league where Glenn Murray bangs easily...Brexit Merson needs to be quiet
#brexit #MP #BrexitShambles what a waste of the last few days, Corbyns refusal for Labour to take part is shameful and borderline comical if it wasn’t the biggest vote in 3 generations, &amp; shows voters. #Corbyn doesn’t listen and has no plan in place. #CorbynOut
EU Says Taking ‘Very Seriously’ Possibility of No-Deal #Brexit
Old people have real life experience and understand what they are voting for. If anything we should raise voting age to 21
Brexit: NI pro-remain parties to make joint Brussels trip #travelnewsni
I refer you to "Brexit is me Dad on the Loo"
What's this 'may' business. If there is one overarching thing about Brexit for the last couple of years is the amount of 'MAYs' and posturing. No deal is a fallacy. Can't happen. It is just as much in the interest of EU and Eire as it is for GB to have a trade deal.
I agree. I just wish we had an effective Official Opposition which prioritised the funding of public services over Trident renewal and which had a coherent position on Brexit which aligned with the party’s membership of the Party of European Socialists and Progressive Alliance.
“Brexit -- from the banking point of view -- is not so much a technical problem, because here we are pretty well prepared for whatever outcome there will be,” says ECB's Ewald Nowotny
#Brexit - where now? debate the fallout from the biggest Government defeat in recent political history. Is a new election on the cards? Or a so-called #PeoplesVote ?
Lulu 'had' talent? I seem to have missed the news of her depature. Brexit taking up too much space on the news I guess.
Not satisfied with UK wasting huge sums of money on no deal, now EU countries are having to do the same. Outrageous, we should repay them from Brexit supporting MPs salaries when Brexit is cancelled.
"No more distressing moment can ever face a British government than that which requires it to come to a hard and fast and specific decision." Barbara Tuchman (The Guns of August) describing Britain's path into World War I, but seems written for current Brexit debate.
Only 10 Tories - soft Brexit Tories need to see sense - after a continuation of the charade and shenanigans for a few more weeks and facing a “no deal” Brexit - and then they will support a 2nd no confidence motion with a cross party alliance
Potential of a #NoDealBrexit leaves the racing industry feeling uneasy
I'm telling you, the 'B' word (Brexit) is sounding the same to me as the'C' word, I just don't wanna hear it
"little sign May willing to shift too far from the deal that had been so roundly opposed. Nicola Sturgeon “If none of PM’s red lines change, what progress can she possibly make?” To get Labour on board, May needs a softer-Brexit..."
Yes - she gives the hopeless London Mayor a proper &amp; well deserved dressing down. #sadiqkhan #londonstabbings #stopandsearch #BBCLondon #Itvlondon #Brexit #YellowJackets4Brexit #r4today #lbc #skynews #wato #PoliticsLive #5live #c4news #BBCWorld
You don't believe in democracy. You believe in Brexit.
I haven’t said that’s wrong once. I’ve said no one wants a no deal brexit but it’s not solely Theresa’s fault if there is one. She has made plans and is making more it’s up to parlaiment if they want to go through with it. Not Theresa.
Don't forget it's the Horncastle &amp; Coningsby #NFU joint branch meeting tonight at 18:30 supper guest speaker Chris Baylis from Sutton Estates who will be talking about farms preparing for Brexit.
Quite the opposite of the Brexiters misleading "Clean Brexit" mantra, and 's desperate attempt to leave by 29 March and THEN try to sort out the mess when she no longer has any bargaining power or fall-back...
Good God, if he explains anything publish it!
Labour MPs launch bid to force Jeremy Corbyn to back Final Say referendum More and More #Labour Mp's agree with the ~libdems then #JeremyCorbyn
Emmanuel Macron’s summation of Brexit: ‘The British people were sold a lie’ – video
Box prepares for Brexit with new U.K. cloud zone +1 LondonBot #London #startup
Lots of anger that Corbyn's no confidence votes won't always be supported - fact is just numerically, the opposition are out-numbered. The obvious thing is to exploit a division within the Tories and bring over support for a soft Brexit. But still, Brexit we will get...
it’s fucking embarrassing how the remainers are still throwing their toys about. A 2nd vote or a stop on Brexit would be to give up democracy for ever.
It’s called opposition. We need it to protect the country from the Tories and a disastrous no deal Brexit with them in government.
If the penny hasn’t dropped yet No Deal is what Theresa May wants. Jeremy Corbyn is just making this clear to everyone by the position he has taken to make this obvious that she refuses to take No deal out of the equation. #Brexit #NoDeal #TheresaMay #BrexitChaos #Corbyn
Brexit would pale into insignificance if Someone Detonated a Nuclear Bomb In The Marianas Trench (Just Fantasy, no... via Just to show that things could be worse !
Agree totally. A deluded opportunist who does not put his country first.
saying PM might bring same deal back to commons and ‘chip away’ at the small number of MP’s against it. If the deal didn’t suit before, those MP’s should vote the same way again. Or maybe they’ll get some ‘career gain’.. #Brexit
no deal then just what we voted maybe we will get it by default
He seems to have deleted. Anyway Article XXIV 1994 GATT is specifically about the formation of FTAs &amp; Customs Unions and appears meaningless in the situation of a hard Brexit. The only expression of '10 years' is the suggested max time to set up a. (addendum to Section 5c)
UK Could Nix No-Deal Brexit, Delay Article 50, Hammond Tells Business Leaders
I'll only ever vote UKIP in future if we don't get a 'no deal' brexit. Half in the EU brexit is not good enough.
Exclusive: £100,000 surge in donations to People's Vote campaign after May's Brexit deal crushed
This #Brexit thing seems to be upsetting a few people and causing some divide amongst friends and families.
#Corbyn is a hypocrite &amp; continue to show his authoritarian credentials - #MyWayOrNoWay happy to meet "everyone" that is #Anti something but not the PM to help UK move forward. #NotALeader #NoConfidenceVote #Brexit
THE SUN AINT GONNA SHINE ANYMORE . .
you have by far got the best speech going keep up the good work. #BrexitVote #brexit #bestspeech
Kudos to the Telegraph, this is bombshell.... in the fact of who else had to know and was involved. Deception at the highest level, and it's out there for all to see.
Brexit, the new name for death by a thousand cuts.
It's clear to me that is what I would call a "control freak". She is desperate not to lose control for fear that her #Brexit will be cancelled. She feels that her responsibility is now to "the people" &amp; that Parliament doesn't represent that 17.4 million minority.
I am not a fan of Corbyn, or his decision not to meet May-but I was appalled by your smearing of him. For shame!His meetings with Hezbollah etc are part of his pro-palestinian stance and nothing to do with Brexit. I soi miss the old BBC, fair,neutral and unbiased.
'No deal' Brexit could divert DfE staff to other departments | Children &amp; Young People Now
Good Afternoon. I forgot where you are at. Anyways, isn't this a bit drastic for the UK?
Our country voted to leave because of free movement. Payments to EU. Laws from EU. We want our own sovereignty. Where’s the lie? Idiot midget. #Brexit
Why do people feel the need to bring #Brexit into every conversation. What are you having for lunch today?; Brexit You're going to Munich next week?; Brexit Is it going to snow tomorrow?; Brexit. Let me eat my lunch, travel and sit in the snow in peace.
May will stick to Brexit 'principles' in cross-party talks, says No 10
I have plans along those lines myself...
I've been waiting for this. The Pankaj Mishra intervention
Brexit strengthens case for Indy so SNP wouldn’t be trying to hard to stop it which seems to conflict with respecting the Scottish vote to remain. I wonder if that came up
Sounds about right. Since this country &amp; ALL it's leaders look like a joke to the whole of Europe(&amp; world)then why not take the hit, call off the entire thing, say sorry to EU we were having a temper tantrum &amp; in the future ignore the leavers as the remainers have been ignored!
Game is over for the #brexit idiots They chose #NoDealBrexit &amp; tbh that may be even better for #EU27 future bc we have finally get rid of a petulant griper #UK &amp; #Trump s #Trojanhorse #UK #EU27 has more important issues to cope with than #brexit
Another example of the slow car crash which is #brexit affecting the economy of #Wales Lets stop this with a #PeoplesVote BBC News - Wylfa Newydd: Hitachi to halt work on UK nuclear plant
Dow futures point to a 100-point decline at the open after Morgan Stanley earnings miss estimates -
How can there not be a majority in Parliament for *any* Brexit option? This is what happens when the government keep 3 main options on the table (deal, no deal or no Brexit).
If May moves towards a softer Brexit I could imagine some of the loony ERG members being prepared to vote against their own government in a vote of confidence.
This is a deeply flawed argument. I was one of the 80% but I have never supported Brexit.
I hate Fartage (the capital letter is out of custom NOT respect). I've blocked his stinking Tweets, dribbling out of his poisonous lips, but why can't I BLOCK his vile image?
Interesting thing about food security, did you know our need for food fluctuates over the year. In spring, ie time of brexit, our requirements are at their highest at 60+% Great timing.
Dear oh dear...I can see them on the bridge now, singing National Anthem as the good ship Brexit sinks beneath the waves (Irish Sea or Channel?)
A different view of #Brexit fro #PinkajMishra
As a businessman, no-deal Brexit does not worry me at all
Leavers we Right if this happens. Was going to alway be a 3 way pole so its rigged for remain to win. But they give back the illusion of democracy win win
This brexit dividend seems to be working out well!!!
#Brexit by ruling out No Deal Theresa May may as well stand on the Dover Cliffs and wave a white flag
hey man an man he bak #brexit to yey brill he on tely an man he tel ther 2 opsions man we leave on no deal or man we can take Eu ofer Canada plus an man he say #brexit mps wood acsep
It is. But people who voted for #Brexit won’t admit it.
This provides an “interesting” twist to staff mobility post Brexit...
The fact this is the main point of discussion rather than the colossal fuck up that is #Brexit is shameful.
Very very this. I am much more attacked by Corbyn Ultras on twitter than I am by Russian Brexit bots nowadays.
Fuck Brexit, look at this #ThursdayThoughts
your Tweet was quoted in an article by
Hi It is time to call a halt. #Brexit
No deal could be left on the table as long as No deal means that we kick Brexit into the long grass and stay part of the EU. If it means Hard Brexit then we're well and truly stuffed. Only way out IMHO is a #PeoplesVote
May’s deal isn’t Brexit or a route to it.
It's so funny watching from a British point of view talking about Brexit as an escape from from their government shut down, but on this side of the pond we're talking about their shutdown whenever we can as an escape from our woeful brexit.
The four scenarios of Data Protection and a no deal Brexit
Looks like I was right, they got their assumptions and costs wrong and can't afford to do it. Bugger all to do with BREXIT.
John Woodcock could be sponsored by brasso. His neck has a sheen to eclipse
No it’s May ever imagining that we’d wear her version of brexit.
The hard right want a no deal exit . The middle want #may deal and soft right want softer #Brexit only one answer to this may will be sacked by Monday.
Brexit means Brexit. Brexit means truth. Brexit is not racism. Brexit is against attacks on democracy. Brexit hates unelected bureaucrats. Brexit means the competence to rule ourselves. Brexit is taking action. Brexit acknowledges our history and a belief in self governance.
Like all pro Brexit argumentation: discussions with their pals in their local while drunk.
Emmanuel Macron’s summation of Brexit: ‘The British people were sold a lie’ – video
The latest The London Daily! Thanks to #eu #brexit
How a Playwright Made Sense of Brexit: In a new HBO movie starring Benedict Cumberbatch, James Graham turns a chaotic national moment into a surprisingly cohesive and engaging story.
May: Trust in MPs Will Collapse to 'All-Time Low' if Brexit Cancelled
. : must now lead on a #PeoplesVote - Sign the Petition! #Brexit via
Could say Cable was trying to get Corbyn to hurry on through the Labour Party Brexit preferences in order to reach backing a People's Vote before it's too late. Is that a fair point?
BREXIT SONG TO SHARE ;-)
I want an Exit from Brexit. If you do too, add your name and join the campaign today: #ExitFromBrexit via
Chaotic Brexit getting 'dangerously close': German business group
No, she listens to them more than the people of the UK. Who voted leave!
Any reasonable analysis of the various brexit options all show a detriment to the nation compared to staying in the EU
Has anyone else seen brexit coverage today? What the hell is a ‘reality check’ correspondent? Seriously Beeb, come on- I think someone there needs a reality check! Ridiculous
We’re led by idiots
Wealthy Europeans are moving out of #Britain. #Brexit, right? Well tangentially. Mainly driven by frustration over mishandling Brexit negation terms &amp; fear of a takeover of #parliament by left #Labour government. #UK #EU #Europe #TheresaMay #TMtmDailyBuzz
2019: and roam the post-Brexit wastes of a dystopian England.
Andy Sirkis as Theresa May part II. Brexit Bohemian Rhapsody. What's not to love?
Is #BetterDeal preferable to #WTOBrexit ? If so then there is your answer &amp; your #Brexit majority. Stop looking for yet more choices &amp; improve #BetterDeal . Put your hard business head on as time presses. #politicslive #lugey6
Tony Blair joins attack on the Labour Leader Jeremy Corbyn for REFUSING to hold Brexit talks
Nobody should be under any illusion Brexit is a risk, but it does more harm to German car makers so EU fears a #NoDeal exit. UK should stand firm, taking #NoDeal’ off the table is like removing Brexit, so 131 MPs vs 600? Tell EU we Go #WTO
Please nail the biggest Brexit lie, from which all the rest followed: "They need us more than we need them". Which gave rise to something like "Getting a good deal will be the easiest thing in the world" John Gifford
Yes needs to go 17.4 million are more important than him
I thought the Labour Party were no longer engaging in discussion about Brexit
No Deal Brexit Government advice: .eu domain name registrations | Lexology
Is that his strategy for making no deal more likely or is he a very stupid man making more deal more likely by not talking to the PM about alternatives to no deal. #Brexit #NoDeal
Brexit talks: What does the DUP want? - BBC News. Probably another billion pound bung!
TL;DR The CNN article is not worth a tl;dr. It’s phantasmagoric. This is a more interesting article on Brexit: Goodbye United Kingdom, hello dis-United Kingdom
325 - (306 + 8* + 1†) &gt; 7 * - the speaker and his three deputies, and the four tellers † - Paul Flynn, is gravely ill
UK Businesses Brace for No-Deal Brexit
Between this and The USA, I'm glad I'm Canadian.
I can hardly wait.
Obviously the Tories brought about the EU referendum and have mishandled it at every stage since but imagine Labour had an effective and competent leader in 2016 who'd actively campaigned against Brexit. None of this need ever have happened.
good question, even if I still see some (diminishing) merit in a second referendum
No they are quite literally signed the contracts last week. It only seems like yesterday that we were all being accused of scaremongering when talking about the stockpiling of food and medicines..... How Britain has fallen.....
We had green cards before Brexit.....it never created any problems.
Looking forward to taking about #Brexit with on in five minutes or so.
Surely #Thursdaymotivation for a #PeoplesVote
70% of medicines used in Ireland are either made in the UK or pass through it to reach Ireland. irish Govt is preparing a list of critical drugs, like short life isotopes and short life refrigerated drugs, to deal with whatever Brexit throws at it.
... in which The Economist's "Charlemagne" columnist endorses the view that with a No-Deal #Brexit Britain's planes will be caught in the air, unable to land in Europe. (Sounds worse than Y2K. #FearItself )
Thats politicking...The fact of the matter is that a vote for A50, whether you like it or not, was a vote for the possibility of a no deal Brexit...and now they moan at what theyve done
This is important. We have been focusing on how Trump, Farage etc have been useful fools for Putin. The truth may well be that Putin himself is just a useful fool for the very wealthy.
Moreover, what brexit option would be put in a #PeoplesVote if both Theresa May's crap deal&amp; #NoDealBrexit have already been ruled out by our Sovereign (Parliament)? Is there enough time for a PV anyway? Also,Executive are only ones who can action one? The PV makes no sense.
Brexit to England is similar to America’s choice of POTUS-the ppl vote &amp; choose-Corrupt Establishment does not listen &amp; honor the majority vote &amp; inflicts their will on the ppl in spite of their selection-this is just a stones throw from Fascism-disguised as Liberal World Order
Good article
BREXIT CONSENSUS? ‘Superficial’ Corbyn hasn’t even got Theresa May's mobile phone number
I hadn't considered the possibility of them changing leader during the two weeks. Constitutionally can they do that? "If the leader is removed in a confidence vote or resigns of their own volition, a full leadership contest takes place".
Mate, your a bam. Enjoy your brexit future.
Oh man, I want a Batman story where he has to deal with Brexit. It'd be like No Man's Land but for the entire UK
It’s not ignoring the outcome of the vote, it’s a different vote now that we know what all the options are. Brexit is gonna damage the economy, jobs, trade, etc. We know this now, we didn’t in 2016
Also E.U. is rancid a doomed, we are in an fotrnuate position of taking huge advantage from this under WTO terms
British PM May Survives Confidence Vote But Faces Immediate Brexit Crisis
British PM May Survives Confidence Vote But Faces Immediate Brexit Crisis
UK Parliament to vote on Brexit “plan B” on January 29
Six scenarios now May's Brexit deal has been rejected
Why is the BBC making the Brexit charade all about JC they the Tories had 2 years to reach out to other parties , it's a bit too late in the day to cobble anything together now. The Tories OWN this mess !!#r4today
That's exactly why we voted for a good future for all. EU demands more and more and provides less and less. I get people don't like change, but make decisions on facts not projections. #brexit
We need the two main parties to split in order to remove the veto over change that they both hold.
Jellyfish Pictures and other creatives join the Resistance against Brexit #DigitalTransformation #ux #UserExperience #Designthinking #productdesign
BREXIT MEANS BREXIT
Tell MPs: work cross-party to fix Brexit. Add your name now via
Surely we can’t allow a no deal brexit deal to be put forward. Teresa May is a disgrace Tories are a shambles. If only we had a strong moral opposition come on Labour you need to stand up and be accountable labour need a moral trustworthy strong leader I for 1 would vote labour
Treasury yields fall amid worries over China’s economy, Brexit uncertainty
Feeling helpless? Here's something you can do. Tell MPs: work cross-party to fix Brexit. Add your name today here. via
The EU has negotiated through dictators who have no accountability . Led by Martin Selmayr under instructions from the Eurogroup. Hence this
Brexit Update: City of London Prepares for Worst, Hopes for Best
Things have changed - we now can judge realities, not pie in the sky speculations. I think it’s really disingenuous for Mrs M and co to regard us no better informed than 2016.
He spent literally the rest of the speech talking about Brexit, but sure.
Brexit Update: City of London Prepares for Worst, Hopes for Best
Three options as they actually exist: Current deal on the table. Remain, scrap Brexit. No deal exit. Supplementary material on what each entails. Maybe ranked choice voting. Alternative is deadlock while we sleepwalk over the cliff edge.
You did that by voting brexit.
Just when you thought this Brexit bollocks couldnt get any stranger
The number one lesson of #Brexit is that Scotland needs to be an independent member of the #EU so that this Westminster farrago can never be repeated. #Indyref
'No deal' Brexit could divert DfE staff to other departments | Children &amp; Young People Now
Sorry Nick that’s bollocks. It wasn’t ‘the chance’ as there are 2 more to go: May’s plan B and No Deal (a pure form of Brexit that most of us had in mind) which looks very likely.
I always liked but I think his conditions for being involved in talks is a sham. What happened to the people's voice which may be no deal? So like Theresa May - it appears you are also wanting your own outcome.......... REALLY disappointed in politics #Brexit...
FUCK BREXIT
I think Corbyn has really miscalculated here. He says he’s willing to have talks but only after the PM has agreed to all of his demands. Don’t you think she might want to, you know, discuss that first? #Brexit
Quite right Nicola. This man is utterly intent on damaging Scotland as much as possible, it seems. They’ve called up the army reservists now! The only arrangements that should be being discussed now are ones that seek to stop Brexit!
Many people are very disappointed that you have disengaged yourself from Brexit talks. I thought you believed in talking. You can’t make changes if you aren’t included in the talks. Maybe you should step down as labour leader and Yvette Cooper steps up?
Our #ThursdayThoughts are on Brexit. Since 2015, Brexit has been at the forefront our minds, meetings and media. Many questions have been repeatedly asked and not not many of them have been answered. Our main concern is how all possible scenarios will impact the industry.
Brexit: EU ready to delay withdrawal until next year
To help the seafood industry prepare for the UK leaving the EU we've released our bespoke guide to Brexit. Find out more at
Grubby? It’s the bigger constitutional crisis in living memory and he’s ignoring it.
When you put it like that...
Masterful analysis by my colleague . The underlying issue is unaltered. The people voted to leave, most MPs want to remain.
I think Brexit has demonstrated how out of touch the nasty Tory party really is. What is even more shameful is that the Tories in Scotland still supporting the little Englanders. I voted to remain in UK in 2016 but, will vote for independence now with no hesitation.
I was referring to people like this Vine caller, and their friends and families, who will be telling stories in the next #PeoplesVote referendum campaign that were not told or heard at the last one.
Sums it up
They don listen they don’t act! Failed politicians scorn the people at their peril - EXPRESS COMMENT
No-deal Brexit car insurance shock for British holiday makers
Meanwhile these guys are doing God's work...
Being 18 I recently signed up to vote, I've been a #voteleave supporter from the start, and would've voted leave in the original referendum, opinions don't change just the shambles that brexit turned out to be, people are sick to death of hearing about it. #democracy
Still a lot of 'may need' and 'could' and in the end the E.U. may well turn round and allow things to continue as before, just like a lot of the European citizens have been guaranteed the same reciprocal status as before. It's good to be prepared but prepared for what?
The roots and causes of #brexit date back years, even decades. The failure of centrists to understand this constantly amazes me.
This is good.
I think I might print this out...
Nigel, 17.4 million agreed via the democratic process of 2016. She does not like the result so will say anything to keep us in EU. Democracy INDEPENDENCE freedom self governing, I expect she don't like those words either. Perhaps she prefers the word dictatorship.
Prior to election,voters didn't hear or learned much about a soft or a hard Brexit. Probably they just wanted to limit congestion on London's tiny streets and tube lines. See were we are now.
Labour Party wants general elections and an alternate plan for #Brexit
U just cannot see the crassness of this can you? - u are complaining that someone had to pay yesterday, but that it is a relief because otherwise you would have had to shell out? Yet there are increasing numbers of UK forced to use food banks bcse of instability from your Brexit
Molly Scott Cato: The idea that we can thrive alone is phony Patrick Minford’s projection of a £135bn economic boost from a hard Brexit is an example of the worst sort of voodoo economics.
Behave, you silly old woman.
Can NHSEngland spare this team of 200 (!) seconded to cope with Brexit, reports HSJ? As well as £4bn spent by govt
This is a new kind of mildly tipsy tweet from me but y not eh
If someone were to explain to Jeremy Corbyn that the Tory party has over the years broken the Geneva convention, ignored UN resolutions and bombed civilians, I'm sure he'd reconsider talking to them #Brexit
I suspect Dr Cassidy isn’t as bright as she thinks she is.
Brexit is a mess so let's blame Corbyn and not the shitshow that is this Government! Typical of the right wing press
What brexit option would be put in a 2nd ref #PeoplesVote if both Theresa May's crap deal&amp; #NoDealBrexit have already been ruled out by our Sovereign (Parliament)? Is there enough time for a PV anyway? Also,Executive are only ones who can action one? The PV makes no sense #GTTO
I wish I could believe her words-no deal is in law-it must be upheld.
Superb
I don’t know whether to laugh or cry. Thread
How do you know all the young were remainiacs, amongst my teenage sons peers most are now leavers as they get exposed to more and more brexit facts and the vile rhetoric of remain. And who do we thank for that, people like you.
. rather nails it with this one...
For all #Brexit gammons that say "we won the war" or "we're Great Britain innit". We only "rose again" due to financial support from our allies.
Motorists wanting to cross border after no-deal Brexit may need 'green card'
If and I hope the PM does suspend parliament to me it will be the most honorable thing she will be remembered for!!!
Incredulous that media are accusing Jeremy Corbyn of being a ‘wrecker’ for not meeting with May until she removes No Deal from the table. A No Deal Brexit would wreck the economy and people’s livelihoods - so where’s the real wrecker threat coming from then ?
Made up word with made up principles #keepdigging #downwiththeship
Cornered Theresa May faces no-confidence vote over Brexit
its getting UNBEARABLE here on the real life streets
Labour's Brexit policy. Sounds pretty reasonable. Don't let any cunt tell you they don't have one.
Couldnt agree more
If Brexit does end up getting cancelled this will be how the UK speaks to the EU for the next 100 years.
Because he's been politiked out by remainers. This is a very real people's revolt but unfortunately parliament is not on board. Johnson would never get to a member's vote (which he would win by landslide) because his colleagues are anti-Brexit. Parliament vs The People.
France triggers €50m contingency plan in case of no-deal Brexit
OK so that was a #fail - time for a #PeoplesVote plus #OptionToRemain it's the #onlywayforward on #Brexit for #Chester #weavervale #nantwich #crewe #EllesmerePort
A majority believe Scotland should have Indyref2 if Brexit goes ahead, an exclusive new poll has revealed.
Then what is the fucking point? Twat!
Twitter works by connecting people with the same interests &amp; puts them in isolated "bubbles" which make it difficult to reach a wider audience. #brexit or #stopbrexit hashtags will mostly be seen by people with this interest. Use trending or topical tags to break out #FBPE
NEW: Vince Cable: Lib Dems will not back fresh Labour bids to topple Theresa May amid Brexit talks row
Oh dear another idiot in the media that only considers the eu a problem in this country...........Not forced austerity not the sanctioning of disabled and the dying........no just the eu mess...........trying so hard this year to just swear but fuck me they're disgusting people
Bradenton (FL) Herald: Airports, customs, trade: Europe preps for a chaotic Brexit . More #Aviation #news -
We wont are Brexit !!!
Why No Deal Is the Real Deal: Brexit and the Politics of the Interregnum: By Maurice Glasman #liberal #progressive
Precisely!! Gesture polititricks is all #TheresaMay and #Tories are. They cannot be trusted, as proven for the umpteenth time!! Found in Contempt!! Over 100 of her own party MP's filed #NoConfidenceMotion in her!! The biggest kick in the teeth in history for her #Brexit deal! Eh!
You can;'t expect #TheresaMay to actually do anything different. Her "I'm listening" ploy, is just that. Nothing more than an excuse for her to say "I tried" but you didn't come up with anything, so here is my original deal again and again and again until you give in.
hey I thought brexit in England was hacked and rigged just like the 2016 election was here they both happened at about the same time they should be doing another vote correct?
UK PM may have underlying reasons to engage with opposition parties. Since on the surface of it all the EU won't budge, else they Reckon the EU budges on March 28th at 23:59? #nobackstop #brexit
'Great theatre – but tragic': Europe's media reacts in horror to May defeat
'As divisive as ever': readers on Theresa May's Brexit
#SwissLewis is mind reader is he? He doesn't have a clue! Creating distraction after distraction, to conceal May's failings. Found to be in contempt of Parliament &amp; her Brexit plot was voted down by 2 to 1 and he behaves as though it's nothing. 2+2 doesn't equal 5!
Notably sane
And Corbyn is not the only one. Business leaders want it taken off the table too.
Options to Honour the Referendum: Given the fundament6al requirements of a 'True Brexit' perhaps the table below might help for everyone to see the relative factors, across the public, for the various options?
The Malign Incompetence of the British Ruling Class #Brexit #ukpolitics
That's what I meant by 'the full Brexit', an amazing artefact of our times
It’s the Tories that have been in charge of Brexit and had refused to let in on negotiations.
The lesson from history for Theresa May and the Unionists is this – do not oppose a second indyref if, in these Brexit days, that is what Scotland’s people want, otherwise UDI will result.
Well as we've already triggered article 50 &amp; put through the EU Withdrawal Act domestically, unless Parliament can decide what it does want rather than what it doesn't want, no deal #Brexit happens on 29/03/19. Its a question of wait &amp; see now.
The Natural Laws of Brexit - Chair gave a speech today about #climatechange, #robustgovernance and the future for #environment principles post #Brexit. You can read the full speech here: #WEETFEvents #TeamEA
OK so that was a #fail - time for a #PeoplesVote plus #OptionToRemain it's the #onlywayforward on #Brexit for #Chester #weavervale #nantwich #crewe #EllesmerePort
How do you take a no deal off the table without taking Brexit off the table? This is a weasel way of stopping article 50,no deal is a default position if a refined Brexit can’t be reached,a default position like 0-0 at a football match till either team scores! #LeaveMeansLeave
Folk can call it whatever they like, Gov't have made a complete arse of Brexit &amp; handing it back to the people is most sensible option they have to date!
‘It's a warning to Canadian politicians and single-issue advocates that bitterness and division can provide short-term political gain but lead to long-term economic damage.’
And thanks to for having with her #RemainerNow placard front and centre of their picture with the article!!
Recalling the disastrous partition of India, the incompetent British ruling elite get a taste of their own medicine in Brexit. Although I doubt the elite will ever have to swallow, or "come to the end of themselves" as Mishra says.
This woman has nine lives. #Respect
Now this sounds like a very good idea!
some light reading for you over lunch...
It’s undemocratic that the DUP have been treated as the de facto leaders of Northern Ireland when it comes to Brexit. Northern Ireland voted to remain, but this bunch of bigots have been allowed to push their leave agenda despite the NI public not wanting it.
Thread...
Switzerland ramps up preparations for no-deal Brexit via
I think the characters from Toy Story could organise a better trade deal for Brexit..
What is deal yes or no. What sort of deal. The one may put forward isn't brexit so you could answer yes and yes....this is why a 2nd referendum is nonsense. Why don't we just ask how people want to leave....Norway model, Canada model.
As news breaks that parliament will debate new #brexit deal on January 29th, a large consignment of turd polisher has been delivered to 10 Downing Street.
Short of a military coup, we are stuck with this dastardly government and it’s toothless opposition until #May2022. So that’s the date to focus on here. We need to campaign for #PR. It’s now well beyond due. End the #parliamentary ConLab cartel and #REPRESENT the #PEOPLE
It depends on several things. A hard Brexit would mean that you may have 3 months to get the allowance to stay here. You would be treated like a Kanadian, for example. So to stay here, you need a job that hardly any German or European can or wants to do or an important business.
And, also protects against Brexit, which is certain to an influx out of UK higher education. Thank you for this change, which is so important in current political circumstances.
Which would of course limit our negotiating position before we start to negotiate. Well done, you’ve failed your GCSE in Brexit Negotiating - it’s a bit like when you flunked your A levels and failed your politics degree (which is your job!)
Are you really? We'd never have guessed. Next make up some T shirts to wear - on the taxpayer's expense...
{editor} ‘Over-egging the pudding’: Brexit farmland value impact queried by law expert
Machiavellianism and Brexit - Craig Murray
This is actually funny. Corbyn loses support for any further votes of no confidence, with his first sentence after losing the vote of no confidence. You couldn't make it up. Loving BREXIT.
Yes some people and parties would use the chaos of Brexit for their own gain rather than the benefit of the people: independence or power?
Erm, we didn’t vote for Brexit.
France triggers its hard Brexit preparation. 50 million euros to build parking spaces near the border. There will be some reduction in checks but disruption still expected.
If you read anything about Brexit today, make it this.
Just fililbustering to get yet another version of her deal acroos. Waste of feckin time as the clock ticks inexorably on. May will stick to Brexit 'principles' in cross-party talks, says No 10
Brexit has shown that most politicians are tribal, petty, and lack intelligence. Our democracy is broken. Our information systems are 100% biased towards competing elites. Nations other than England can be ignored and belittled. Scotland must now become independent.
Theresa May omits Jeremy Corbyn from cross-party Brexit talks
Given that they are both committed to Brexit, that's just stupid. How can either of them honestly rule out no deal without revoking A50 being on the table?
British PM's offer over Brexit talks a 'stunt' - Corbyn via
I was merely pointing out the issues beyond Brexit the Tories can't solve. You know that Corbyn leads Labour not the libdems? The party who propped up Cameron's govt and so facilitated this mess in the first place. On a similar note, whose hand was Vince licking last night?
Short term or long term? No body can say without being able to predict the future, anyone that says otherwise is lying. The UK has been invested in since the referendum and will continue to be invested in after Brexit.
Jeremy then failed in his motion because the DUP said no. #Brexit
May makes mockery of suggestion that she is offering anything in cross party talks.
Pro Remain media outlets and political parties such as the Lib Dems that are currently attacking Jeremy Corbyn when he is doing EXACTLY what is needed at the present time to stop a hard Brexit expose themselves for being more against Jeremy Corbyn then they are against #Brexit.
Fridges, planes and soldiers: How the UK is preparing for a no-deal Brexit -
Could you imagine border backstops and discussions if UK do brexit and Scotland was independent and part of EU with NI in UK. Would drive the future of a united Ireland for sure
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Theresa May takes maximum time available over Brexit plan B as debate scheduled for January 29
But the population didn’t vote against it. The majority voted for brexit. So you think it wouldn’t be a huge injustice to force the majority of voters to remain against their will?
I liked a video BREXIT: "Jeremy Corbyn is UNFIT to lead the country", says Ex-Labour MP John Woodcock
Theresa May is under daily scrutiny from Parliament and the media. All EU discussions on Brexit are held in secret and not subject to scrutiny by any groups or people.
I honestly did not read it like you did. Because Brexit is a process, not a particular person for me or all Brexiteers. It has caused an increase in verbal racist attacks and Brexit does ignore the history of the EU and its peace efforts in NI, which is why I feel for Mrs Cassidy
have totally lost me on losing the no deal option and backing the customs union ... that is not Brexit ... at least the buggers are off the fence!
I'm the same - my issue with JC is his stance on Brexit. It makes no sense, and tells me he's as willing to put ideology before all else as May is. I also want no deal off the table but his actions are being counterproductive.
Opinion | Theresa May’s Brexit plan isn’t dead yet
#Brexit is amazing business for few , the most that voted to leave are not aware of it, like were not aware that EU is a state association, not a federal state like was told them.
I didn’t say it had negatively affected me, I said had affected my whole life. In what way has Brexit affected 16 year olds (in 2016) given that we haven’t implemented the result of the referendum?
well tell mr corbyn to either come out in support of brexit or remain he cant remain on that fence forever
It’s ridiculous because if they think older people are more likely to vote Brexit then by that rational 38 year olds who became 40 will have changed from remain to Brexit anyway, so stop picking on the old. Anyway if the old voted Brexit the vast majority do so for their kids.
EU WILL GET MORE FREE SPACE AFTER BREXIT. 1GB EXACTLY.
+++ Brexit crisis: Germany and Europe react — live updates +++
We didn’t vote for Brexit
Them start talking rather than playing silly games. You are doing us no service refusing to engage. Rather than meet her conditions with more conditions get in there and persuade her by the force of your argument.
Leadsom Outwits Bercow and Grieve on Brexit 'Plan B' via
Box prepares for Brexit with new U.K. cloud zone
What claims? I claim we voted to have indyref2: we did. You can't fix the NHS in Brexit UK. You can say goodbye to it.
Wonder if he set any pre-conditions before speaking to Sinn Fein or Hamas? Asking for a friend. #Brexit
British officials had argued that the U.K. is a special case and should receive expedited approval because it’s already a member -- although it has never independently ratified the agreement - Eating &amp; having the cake is what Bojo promised us.
What is Germany planning in case of a no-deal Brexit?
The latest The iwhitten Daily! Thanks to #brexit #ireland
i think we need to leave brexit because it’s bad for our army and guns
Another stab in the back of the working class . Power to the people thats what brexit was all about
Meanwhile Check out ’s Tweet:
All the Tory Brexit lies are coming back to haunt them
MPs To Vote On Theresa May's Brexit 'Plan B' On January 29 - HuffPost UK. Why the hell didn’t she propose cross party talks to begin with?
So talking but not listening! No change then #Brexitshambles
I think one of the main problems with #Brexit is a problem in general life, people would rather see someone fail at something than succeed
Hey, , I think this guy has the answer to your Brexit problem. #Brexit
No more treason no more diluting down Brexit get us out with no deal or a proper deal but get us out
MPs to vote on Brexit plan B on 29 January #BrexitShambles #BrexitMeansBrexit delay tactics #Governance without care for the common people. Driving the nation over the cliff Those who support #Brexit r definitely in denial of #facts
Brexit warning to Canadians that manufacturing political division has economic consequences: Don Pittis
100% this; this sort of thinking gets us nowhere.
Nah. Geri enjoyed some moderate success as a solo artist. Brexit is much, much worse.
So what is the point of talks? Waste of time. May will stick to #Brexit 'principles' in cross-party talks, says No 10.
Well, it seems that he has won. The Government won't support a No Deal brexit:
They know it's the best deal for the UK, and want to block it anyway. Less in it for them.
Yeah agreed, according to current Labour leadership... "Impossible Brexit deal = Doable with Labour in charge of negotiations (?) Impossible 2nd ref = Impossible" Perhaps it's the fact that the current Labour leader is a closet Brexiteer that is actually defining their policy
“She is indestructible”: In the bizarro world that is British politics, the prime minister nicknamed Maybot awakens every day to find herself in crisis and every day survives in her grim, implacable way.
Sturgeon calls for second Brexit referendum
EU to ensure banks' access to UK clearing houses in no-deal Brexit: ECB
Brexit news in pidgin: I dey confuse... wetin dey happun now? H/t
'It is my duty to deliver Brexit, and I intend to do so' - Theresa May vows to put 'unsettling' 24 hours behind her
Switzerland ramps up preparations for no-deal Brexit via
GREAT
Business analysts, agile experts, change managers &amp; systems thinkers were not involved in #brexit: BA's would have looked at the essence of the problem (the overly expensive and bureaucratic EU), and any smart person would have tried to involve the stakeholder and avoid chaos
One word comments only please.
Quisling. Must be sacked,today.
Isn't he that dreadful man who compared the EU to the USSR while Brexit secretary without being sacked on the spot?
No-deal Brexit car insurance shock for British holiday makers
whether sick or not (and its not btw) is irrelevant - this is about who is right. What is your preferred brexit and why?
It’s ridiculous because if they think older people are more likely to vote Brexit then by that rational 38 year olds who became 40 will have changed from remain to Brexit anyway, so stop picking on the old. Anyway if the old voted Brexit the vast majority do so for their kids.
UK housing market has worst outlook for 20 years as prices stagnate amid Brexit uncertainty. via #ukhousing. #BrexitChaos
Exactly, totally 100% correct. #brexit
UK Could Nix No-Deal Brexit, Delay Article 50, Hammond Tells #Business Leaders © AP Photo / Matt Dunham Busin… Business #News The post UK Could Nix No-Deal Brexit, Delay Article 50, Hammond Tells Business Leaders appeared first on #... #finance #iot #tech
So they would not support their own party policy, even if Jeremy tells them to? In other words, just as split on #Brexit as the Tories.
Brexit!
Did the poll ask what currency an independent Scotland should use?
If youre a gamer, streamer, musician, whatevs, then that is why I followed you. Any Brexit shenanigans and you are unfollowed for the forseeable future. I will probably come back for the same reasons I followed you originally. But I will not have this part of my life divided too.
No foodbanks needed ...
Oh what great news! How lucky we feel that after what 5 hrs this line is offering a normal service! Let’s give it an hr or so &amp; I’m sure it will resume 2 the usual chaos!! Better odds on this happening than say winning the lottery or #Brexit being sorted out!!
Watch live on 's sky news show today at 1:30pm. Chris and Ian will be discussing business reactions to Brexit in the midst of this week's political chaos. #Brexit #Business
We have published 4 no-deal Brexit guidance papers for solicitors covering: - Providing legal services in the EU - Civil and commercial cooperation - Data protection - Family law
European Union countries are stepping up preparations for a disorderly British exit on March 29 after the U.K. Parliament rejected Theresa's May’s #Brexit withdrawal deal with the bloc.
In his new cartoon, looks at a history-making event from across the pond. SUBSCRIBER PLUS. See it by clicking here: #Brexit #BrexitVote
This says it all .. great stuff #Brexit #BrexitShambles #TheresaMaysDeal #JeremyCorbyn #ToryBrexitShambles #MichaelGove #TheresaMayResign #brexitdebate #BrexitDealVote #2ndReferendum #PeoplesVote #PeoplesVoteNow #PrimeMinister #EuropeanUnion #onlyfoolsandhorses #R4Today
Please keep up the fantastic work for a true Brexit, Jacob. Millions of us are grateful for the efforts of patriots like yourself in all parties for fighting to save our democracy and the freedom of the British Nations. Best of luck and good health to you. FU eu
Surely the brexit deal is about much more than just food costs ?
French govt activates plan to prepare for no-deal Brexit #france24 #news
Brexit news latest: May is at it again - by delaying a vote on her plan B to Jan 29. Furious MPs said the delay, announced by Commons Leader Andrea Leadsom, appeared to be another attempt to run down the clock towards Brexit Day on March 29.
He supported Brexit then retired to Bulgaria after the referendum
Interesting
you asked what Jeremy Corbyn was doing, trying to ensure this country doesn’t leave the EU with a no deal brexit is what. No it’s not solely her fault, it’s the Conservatives fault for calling a referendum in the first place!
TALK | Marvin Ryder, Professor in the dept. joins to discuss Brexit
Then TM. MUST LISTEN
Grand. Nothing unknown here, but pop it all together and... well. I'm going for a walk. I may be some time.
What is your evidence for stating there are ‘clearly dodgy goings on at the top of the party’? Has the inquiry reported already? FM is doing SO much better than any other leader in U.K. by challenging Tory Brexit and has done since June 24/6/16.
I thought he was invited by the PM in that issue.
When something like this happens, you know #EU problems go well beyond #Brexit
don't forget Brexit is far right, despite it being predominantly Labour strongholds that favoured Leave, and we all know Labour is leftist..... You couldn't make it up could you! The left fighting the left &amp; calling it far right, that's how screwed our politics is right now!
Breaking : Vince wakes from his 2 year nap and sleep walks into Brexit .
Right, at what point in the #Brexit process does the Queen just get to go “you peasants have fucked this about for too long; we’re cancelling this whole debacle and getting MORE involved with Europe, the RIGHT way. By which I mean: we’re taking the Aquitaine back, bitches!”
No-deal Brexit car insurance shock for British holiday makers
There is no perfect #Brexit. Every outcome has significant downsides. Government, Parliament &amp; the people need to be honest about this &amp; decide which is the least worst option. #BrexitShambles
tfw France is way more prepared for Brexit then the UK...
Face palm
Extra time—and penalties: Extending #Article50 may mean Britain must elect MEPs again #Brexit #UK #EU #BrexitChaos via
you need to fight for your constituents, who voted remain &amp; for your country, which needs to remain so we can build a future together instead of permanently banging our heads against a brick wall #PeoplesVote
I need this as a ring tone.
Thread.
There is only one way to solve the crisis. I call on to hereby commence the World Cup of Brexit Options. (Only half joking)
"No deal" in Brexit terms is threatening to set fire to your current car if you don't get a deal.. before walking out of the showroom and setting fire to your car. "No deal" leaves you without a car. Not much of a negotiation tool is it?
#Satire or a disingenuous deceitful liar? I have #NoConfidence in any words that are formed from the mouth of or any MP really. The simple reason what a 2nd referendum #PeoplesVote cannot address Britain's 'brexit' problem. #GeneralElection #ToriesOut
Health chief says #Brexit uncertainty means no cast-iron guarantees to EU workers.
#Muslim #Brexit #AFD #London LGBT and Islam, Cognitive Dissonance Awaits
Manufacturers in Northern Ireland are deeply worried and believe they need to activate their #Brexit contingency plans following parliament's rejection of Theresa May's divorce plan.
May will stick to Brexit 'principles' in cross-party talks, says No 10
Box prepares for Brexit with new U.K. cloud zone
So let me get this straight. You are trying to tell us how we should be handling Brexit and how OUR democracy works, when A - You are not from this country and B - You do not even know what Brexit stands for?? Give it up...UTV !
Let the People Take Back Control of Brexit
It’s the rest of us that want to run away. #brexit
I just want to say that I think is an absolute hero, and is exactly the straight talking, rational thinking politician we need in this #Brexit debate. Thanks, Sarah.
Best ‘last time on Brexit’ recap I’ve read so far
In which case why didn't Theresa May call a meeting of all political party leaders and other civic leaders as soon as she came Prime Minister so see if a way forward could be agreed? #PoliticsLive #brexit
They need to honour the principles of those who voted to leave. Take back control of our future. Customs unions and single markets won't deliver brexit people voted for. Taking no-deal off the table is a mistake.
Please tell her that the more she says Brexit is the will of the people, the more she alienates at least 48% of us. Then she has the gall to ask us to unite? How out of touch!
#BREAKING #Brexit #May next steps must be: 1. general #Elections 2. 2nd #Referendum 3. Stay in the #EU! - #UK #EC #Irland #Scotland #DailyNews #ECB
Tell MPs: work cross-party to fix Brexit. Add your name now via
Delaying the vote until 29th January. This is insane. I've never seen such over-reach by the executive on such an important issue. Mass rebellion now please Parliament.
Brexit Update: City of London Prepares for Worst, Hopes for Best Dismay, confusion, relief — and hope. The City of London had a range of reactions to the U.K. Parliament’s overwhelming rejection Tuesday night of Prime Minister Theresa May’s blueprint for…
It does in theory. But only if believe UK has more to lose from No Deal than EU. The huge problem for May is the 3 outcomes of unsuccessful negotiations (No Brexit, Delay Brexit, No Deal) are all worse for her than the EU.
#Gillette maker's boss warns on #Brexit price rises
He is a disgrace Mogg How dare he the Nation voted to LEAVE when is someone in Government going to have the guts to take us through a no deal Brexit
You clearly voted remain so you don't speak for us. 17.4 million people voted leave. There was no deal on the ballot paper. The assumption that a deal was needed was made by May, Parliament &amp; the establishment. Brexit means No Deal. A deal is the establishment taking back control
so a option of a second brexit vote is in your agenda so then what if you do get your own way and successfully win a second referendum will it be then voted on again on a best out of three basis.
Making a lot of sense for the two Remain-backing ‘home’ nations &gt;&gt; A semi-Brexit, with just England and Wales leaving the EU, is the solution | Kim Lane Scheppele
NO BORDER EH???? Irish motorists will need ‘green cards’ to drive in UK under Brexit via
Of course I agree the uk are leaving. I wouldn't be so glad about the fact that the whole Brexit enterprise is collapsing otherwise.
At least if we have a public vote on May's deal, Brexiteers would have to admit its the only option that actually exists. It would ensure that in years to come when it all turns to shit people couldn't look back and say "its not the Brexit I voted for in 2016".
he's refusing to budge over "Brexit shouldn't wreck the country", she's refusing to budge over "i want to to be able to threaten to wreck the country". the two sides are not equivalent.
France triggers €50m contingency plan in case of no-deal Brexit
Hi All, my first thought when the Brexit vote happened was that it was the most important challenge since World War Two and,like then,there should be a coalition government of all has taken so long for this.
You clearly voted remain so you don't speak for us. 17.4 million people voted leave. There was no deal on the ballot paper. The assumption that a deal was needed was made by May, Parliament &amp; the establishment. Brexit means No Deal. A deal is the establishment taking back control
The same puppet masters behind the scenes for both Trump and Brexit - Putin, Murdoch and Mercer.
#Sadc is a mess &amp; can't find online Info/Stories on how women trading across borders are fairing this week #Malawi is not in an #AfCFTA list of "18 out of required 22 ratifications confirmed" We need to move on from Donor Dependency to Fair Trade with UK #Brexit, Europe &amp; Asia
Support for Remain highest since referendum, Brexit poll finds
Only 10 soft Brexit Tories will need to go through the division next time around with a cross party alliance in a 2nd no confidence vote and Mrs May will finally be sacked - this will be true justice
Mr Robinson, you have same responsibilities for this mess. You preferred for your rates to gossip about the Johnsons rather then inform the public about the risks of Brexit (paid by us).
Threadily magnifico
Can we talk about Russia’s involvement in all of this? The same operation that created discourse in the US and gave us the Dotard, also meddled in the Brexit vote. It’s a fact.
Just had yet another email from a company offering to provide refrigeration for stockpiling medical supplies. Guess someones going to make money out of Brexit.
This is awesome -
heard you on - though you were not very clear on what Jez wants or what want on Brexit - very confused ...Can someone at keep off the media until he has had some media training ?
England was once the BEQCON OF ENLIGHTENMENT. Now it is a populist shadow of itself, with a never ending clown show as self arousing entertainment
How would a 'no deal' Brexit affect your business? Views wanted....please click the link for further information &amp; to complete a short survey &gt;&gt;&gt;
#Gillette maker's boss warns on #Brexit price rises
If you were on death row and new evidence showed your conviction wasn’t sound would you ignore it and let the sentence go ahead or ask for a retrial? Leavers are showing desperation not confidence in blocking a 2019 deal or remain vote. #finalsay #brexit #corbyn
Would be nice to filter out #Brexit from my feed. Is it possible?!.
Unfortunately it's not "we" who have the whip hand. Ignore is all we can do. The rich gits have won, we are left to suffer - as always, we carry the burden of feeding the whims of the wealthy!
And how much does that £8bn per year contribute to growth of tax paying companies, their tax paying workforce and tax paying supply chains? Mercedes would've invested in Sunderland if not for Brexit.
Why can’t anyone see that staying in the EU now would be the most stupid thing to do . We would be their slaves forever ...with no say at all Brexit news latest: Support for staying in EU hits highest level since referendum as 56 per cent say no to Brexit
Box prepares for Brexit with new U.K. cloud zone &gt; #technews #technology #news
Box prepares for Brexit with new U.K. cloud zone
Sums it up.
Macron a raison. Brexit is an issue which concerns the EU entire, not just UK. European media seemed just as glued as us to recent events in Westminster- even USA followed vote. Hope Trump didn’t get any dafter ideas to get back in limelight!
I have No Confidence in Corbyn &amp; Co either — but it's clear we need ~something~ to break this Brexit Groundhog Day. A General Election. A People's Vote. Robbie getting back with Take That. ANYTHING.
Brexit is not an independence movement ... it is an abdication from responsibility movement. Leads to separatism with supplication ... without Imperial the Empire, without partners, Britain is just a small nation that at times doesn't take good care of itself, begging others.
EU looks to extend Brexit pain
To help the seafood industry prepare for the UK leaving the EU we've released our bespoke Brexit guide. Read more at
We forget that a "NO Deal" is a deal in itself.
Interview with Lab MP Tony Lloyd: Q. Why will meet Hamas and Hezbollah without preconditions but not ? A. Its a question of trust! So #Corbyn trusts #May less than Hamas and Hezbollah. Unbelievable!
its nice to see the high regard we're held in internationally. Just in time to crash out without a deal and have to try and negotiate trade deals
Checks on both sides of Irish border ‘mandatory under no-deal Brexit’ - WTO rules are rules.
I've only read Autumn, but it's very Brexit-relevant. Which might or might not be something you want right now. (It's also got GREAT stuff about Pauline Boty, the '60s-era Pop Art painter.)
The latest meithu, le Journal! Thanks to #brexit #afp
This - Labour's apparent position on #brexit - is essentially Norway/ETFA, no?
#AIPodcast: Babelcopter, Brexit &amp; Bielsa With: and Listen:
I would want the £39bn to be conditional on reaching a deal but otherwise agree.
How the clouds pass by! It’s the same as the dialogue from this little man! You just don’t know what’s coming next.
Here we go, the beginning of the end of Brexit, spineless, self serving, deceitful cowards.
Utter unthinking hypocrisy
But there's a silver lining to the #property clouds in #Wales #houseprices #Brexit
Everything very quiet about important stuff sia, I need to reconsider who I follow. If not for Bloomberg, I wouldnt have known Theresa May dancing chacha to Brexit. And African Swine Fever is slowly creeping out around the whole world.
Metro... well ok But this is a article saying Labour faces a backlash if it doesn’t go back to the people!
The ignorant replies to this promoted tweet fill me with dread. Despite facts being readily available, they are still shouting “project fear”, “we were once an empire”, and “out means out!”
The latest The Classic Rifflers Daily Times! Thanks to #brexit #stopbrexit
"they need to respect the result of the referendum"?? But now they in effect want a revoking of A50 (the only way to ensure and guarantee a no no deal situation) as a precursor for talks about advancing Brexit...It literally makes no sense, its nonsensical.
Definition of #Brexit: The undefined being negotiated by the unprepared in order to get the unspecified for the uninformed.
This is a Brexit Parrot, bereft of life it rests in pieces.
I didn't vote for Brexit. SO no he shouldn't.
Corporate Europe Faces ‘Unbearable’ Brexit Uncertainty via
WILL NIGERIA BE AFFECTED BY BREXIT?
Between No Brexit and ‘Hard’ Brexit the obvious “compromise” is another referendum.
May will stick to Brexit 'principles' in cross-party talks, says No 10
It's in the National Interest for to step aside and let someone else clear up the mess you have made. Have you read the Good Friday Agreement? No Border whatsoever on the Island of Ireland. #brexit
And now Minford wants to do it again
£2k given to everyone in the country, in return for never speaking of this shit ever again. The “Brexit dividend”.....
Millionaire doesn't give a fuck about the normal person shock
We will not stop or water down Brexit a lie I listen to the people another lie when new Labour and rich Tories snap their fingers he jumps stand up for working people who voted Brexit a new way of politics a sick joke
Tell MPs: work cross-party to fix Brexit. Add your name now via
Fact-check =
David Lynch directing Brexit. I KNEW IT.
56% of Britain against #brexit Follow famous tweet and find the only positive solution
Brexit: only a fool would predict what happens next.
“Enough old leavers will have died and enough young remainers will have come on to the electoral register to turn the dial on what the country thinks about Brexit” are we assuming old people who’ve died were leavers, and all young people will vote stay..?
For all that #Brexit is absolutely ruining our country &amp; making us a laughing stock around the world, I'll take much needed solace in the fact that the legendary Betty White is 97 years young today. She'd fix Brexit. #BrexitShambles
pushes pushes/ do the bbc broadcast a different fmqs 2 what everyone else is watching/ what i do know is as soon as the snp are making speeches you ignore&amp; go back 2 the studio/ that is why i do not contribute 2 your wages/ no to the british state tv tax.
The Donald Trump Boris Johnson Brexit atrocity continues.
Waiting for Brexit twats to launch into a tirade using Pearl Harbour &amp; racial slurs whilst burning their Hitachi VHS recorders
I set out Corbyn’s recently enunciated Brexit Policy(Wakefield), as hammered out, and agreed in outline with Barnier last year, subject to Labour forming the Government: 1/5
Hearthbreaking and accurate.
Hundreds of reserve troops put on standby for a YEAR in case they’re needed for No Deal Brexit
take Brexit off the table!
Hundreds of reserve troops put on standby for a YEAR in case they’re needed for No Deal Brexit
Over the last 3 years I think I've discovered a law of British politics: - the likelihood of someone supporting #brexit is inversely proportional to their sexual allure
Yes, #brexit will happen on 29th March 2019. #71daystogo
Have they told Teresa?
TRAFALGAR SQUARE 12PM! #yellowvestuk #Revolution #GiletsJaunes #Brexitbetrayal #Brexit #Brexitmeansexit #WWG1WGA #DoubleStandards
Brexit has broken everything!
Brexit doesn’t work for Scotland ...but then neither do your party. We said no to #Brexit. We said no to #Tories What part of No do you not understand?
This is a problem with Brexit itself, not the deal.
Delingpole: Brexit Is Now Hanging by a Thread via
Corbyn can stop Brexit. If he does not, that treachery defines his entire career - and most likely ends it.
Tired of kicking the dead horse of Brexit, Mrs May asks other party leaders to put the boot in
As the death of millions of Jews meant they were less of an impediment to the Socialists, no doubt the left would cheer if it took place again. Come on, just say it "You believe Dead leavers would be a Final Solution to the Brexit problem"...a phrase Leftists know well.
Britain's Brexit quagmire summarized all too well.
Actually, it's a stupid analysis as there's nothing similar to the Brexit referendum or what's happening in the UK Parliament in Canada #cdnpoli
UniversalCredit: "couple expecting to receive £13,273 in the 2019-20 financial year from pension credit would see that figure fall to just £5,986.68 under universal credit."
UK house prices fall at fastest rate in six years on back of Brexit – Rics
If you were on death row and new evidence showed your conviction wasn’t sound would you ignore it and let the sentence go ahead or ask for a retrial? Leavers are showing desperation not confidence in blocking a 2019 deal or remain vote. #finalsay #brexit #corbyn
May will stick to Brexit 'principles' in cross-party talks, says No 10
Really what there saying is tha old people and the infirm that voted Brexit should not be allowed to vote
Why do these things always happen to writers and journos but nobody else?
Joe had a guest on this AM that said "when has freedom ever been bad for markets" RE Brexit. Answer: literally the entire history of the NYSE from slave trading origins. through all of the schemes SEC has had to regulate.
lots of Brexiteers on the radio telling me they will refused to vote every again if they don't get 'their Brexit'. ...... Cool
Any organisation for central coordination of Peoples Vote Remain funding? / anyone trying to coordinate?
Contracts in light of Brexit
No. They are saying that there should be a second vote because the parliamentarians cannot agree on any divorce deal. I would imagine that the only options will be no Brexit or no Deal Brexit.
Irrelevant twat. When Brexit is all finished, I fully expect him to follow the David Lammy every day racism path to try to stay in the public eye. He has nothing else.
Clearly #wato are towing the government line on a Corbyn 'refusal' to meet with . Why not report that May is refusing to rule out No Deal? #Brexit
Afterall British still part of EU, democracy nations always face this dilemma #Brexit
It's clearly editorial policy now, for reporters to continually lie that Labour doesn't have 'Brexit' position, despite having Corbyn &amp; others stating it to the media repeatedly.
What’s point she won’t listen to anyone in her own party #BrexitChaos
Delaying Brexit legislation in the Commons is a massive nod towards such a capitulation.
Today’s self-inflicted war-footing Brexit lunacy is Gov’t to mobilise army reservists for “defence outputs”. Stop the UK I want to get off. HT
It isn't kicking the arse out of sterling, the financial crisis of 2008 did and the pound was much lower. Brexit isn't destroying anything in the UK other than people's faith in politics. You really need new facts.
REFERENDUM was: Leave or Remain. Cameron said there would be no renegotiations and no further votes. Government leaflet said: This is your decision. The government will implement what you decide. Remember Hitler? I have no more territorial demands. He was a liar too.
If the government are worried about the people being angry and losing faith with politicians, this survey suggests that the option of stopping an unpopular brexit would be the safest way forward.
Classic Mishra
A semi-Brexit, with just England and Wales leaving the EU, is the solution | Kim Lane Scheppele
Labour must be seen to try deliver their version of brexit and if May doesn’t move her red lines Then 2nd ref backing is inevitable
Indy Timetable Now Vital Even if Article 50 is Extended #Brexit
More than 170 business leaders join call for second Brexit referendum – The Guardian
Don’t understand the logic. You will be negotiating with EU27 who would prefer no Brexit. No incentive to offer an alternative deal. It can only lead to one outcome. This wouldn’t be an option, it would be a choice.
Not even pretending now...
#JeremyCorbyn versus #TheresaMay is the perfect representation of an immovable force meeting an irresistible object. #Brexit #PeoplesVote
The Absolute Boy
How very sinister
He is Mays Rasputin. He is disposable.
We need #PeoplesVote to get the country back on track - brexit will only damage us
Continuing to play party politics whilst the country is in crisis. Refusing to back a #PeoplesVote when the majority of members back it. is, and always has been, a sorry excuse for a leader.
Do as the people requested? OUT ON WTR, keep Brit tax payer money in Britain...….
I have never hated a politician as much as I hate Jeremy Corbyn, he preaches he’s for the many and not the few when really he’s pursuing his own agenda, full of bullshit
Reuters: EU to ensure banks' access to UK clearing houses in no-deal Brexit: ECB
Brexit continues to have strange effects on rationality. A lot of people on here at the moment, who wouldn't ever want Corbyn as Prime Minister, effectively criticising him for not being the Prime Minister.
I used to vote snp in the past but not now or ever again I am a Scot who voted leave and I am disappointed with the way the leave has been ignored by the traiter remainers NWO donkeys brexit means brexit leave now
France triggers 'hard Brexit' plan as no-deal exit is more and more likely
Theresa May's Brexit deal - Only Fools and Horses version via
Impact of no deal Brexit on banking industry
Please keep up the fantastic work for a true Brexit, Bill. Millions of us are grateful for the efforts of patriots like yourself in all parties who are fighting to save our democracy and the freedom of the British Nations. Best of luck and good health to you. FU eu
Imagine seeing Corbyn ask the PM to rule out no deal and thinking this. Amazed by his blinded so many are by their dislike of him
I see what you done there!
WILL NIGERIA BE AFFECTED BY BREXIT?
Brexit: MPs to debate and vote on Brexit 'plan B' options on Tuesday 29 January - Politics live | Politics
Good article in the on #TheresaMay’s next move on #Brexit.
, I'll go so far as to say this is criminal. Reminds me of the Bader Meinhoff thing in the 70s.
France triggers 'hard Brexit' plan as no-deal exit is more and more likely
If that’s not treacherous what is. Chancellor siding with Businesses many of whom avoid paying the correct tax
Support for Remain highest since referendum, Brexit poll finds - Evening Standard via thanks
woman in work trying to say brexit is going to be good and it'll all be fine. sitting here getting ready to throw hands
THE TRUTH!
Brexit is a risk, but it does more harm to German car makers so EU fears a #NoDeal exit. UK should stand firm, taking #NoDeal’ off the table is like removing Brexit, so you don’t believe in democracy? Tell EU we Go #WTO
Always look on the bright side if #brexit ?
[EURONEWS] France triggers 'hard Brexit' plan as no-deal exit is more and more likely |
I don't what the hell this is but it's a great distraction from #Brexit
Brexit: Nicola Sturgeon says another EU referendum ‘only credible option’
In Brexit, ‘partition — the British Empire’s ruinous exit strategy —has come home’, writes Pankaj Mishra
Box prepares for Brexit with new U.K. cloud zone #vcph #startup
Box prepares for Brexit with new U.K. cloud zone
France triggers 'hard Brexit' plan as no-deal exit is more and more likely
The other political parties are looking to move forward on Brexit, Corbyn going back with his demands. The point of opening a dialogue with the PM is to discuss the options - its not about setting out demands. Corbyn is making himself and the party look foolish..
May searching for Brexit 'plan B' by reaching out to opposition
This is interesting - delaying Brexit beyond May could mean that Britain would have to elect MEPs in the upcoming European Parliament elections. UK seats have already been reallocated so this would cause considerable complications
I know I’m biased, but every Golf Pro should be reading this. Invaluable insight into the market both past and future. Use it to help focus where you should be making changes in 2019. #ThursdayMotivation
#Brexit With Parliament in deadlock and little sign of anything other than can-kicking going on, the time to implement our "Plan B" is rapidly approaching. Let's hope we can avoid it....
The ironic thing about a so-called 'hard' Brexit is that it's really just Brexit. Continuous talk about the future impact on the economy is annoying, for although it's important, it's not the sole or even main reason lots of people chose to vote for Brexit.
Someone autoune this plz
Parliament is gridlocked. Tell MPs: work cross-party to fix Brexit. Add your name now via
Thank you Thank you Marxist #Labour finaly cuts the umbilical cord to its working class men roots &amp; drives millions of ex Labour supporters towards #UKIP as Label Party finally fall off the fence &amp; take the #WTO #Brexit that these folk voted for off creaking table
I liked a video "The Conversation" Brexit Special
Support for Remain highest since referendum, Brexit poll finds
Corbyn Will Decide Fate of Brexit, Whether He Wants to or Not
So all the young are Remainers and all the old are brexiteers! What a ridiculous claim which is not backed by the polls! #Brexit
Simple explanation of Brexit for those who reported on a milkshake and yes I'm disappointed in me too.
She is playing a clock watching game so she can say times up were out
Jeremy Corbin is a very nasty piece of work.
The same few wealthy puppet masters behind the scenes of both Brexit and Trump - Putin, Murdoch and Mercer.
Consequences Soft #Brexit Conservative Party schism Hard #Brexit Union falls apart No #Brexit lack of social cohesion.
Hope you are right because a Corbyn government would do far more damage to the country than a No Deal Brexit. What he promises is simply economically unsustainable, just hope people are not gullible enough to believe that without bankrupting us his promises will come to fruition
Insurance News:Brexit Update: City of London Prepares for Worst, Hopes for Best
Now this is a deal I can get behind!
Always worth sharing...again and again!!! #BrexitShambles #Brexit
Top Tip: Solve Brexit stalemate by donating to Brexiters VR headsets which only play colourised videos of post-war rationing queues on loop. While they're distracted, get a second referendum on the go. #Brexit #SecondReferendum
Betting Corbyn will whip to abstain and it'll be chalked up to its not what he is pursuing at the moment as he wants to try for his "alternative Brexit deal" first. Meanwhile they'll say another ref is still on the table and could happen to keep stringing people along.
Labour frontbench back Corbyn in boycotting Brexit talks until May rules out no deal – Politics live
Project Fear calls in the reserves.
Celtic Connections fears for future of Scottish music being 'shut out' of Europe after Brexit via
Anyone who still thinks Brexit is a good idea should read this report into shortages of nuclear medicine isotopes after Brexit. 1 million scans a year could be affected.
#SovereignWTOBrexit is the only way to deliver Brexit, democracy and a future for Great Britain and is exactly what we voted for...
Looks to me like he’s stalling because he knows May can’t/won’t agree to that!
And Lib Dems keep propping up Tories even tho they never give them anything in return. LDs unleashed untold cruelty by backing Austerity in 2010 &amp; all they got in return was a botched PR referendum &amp; lost credibility. Haven’t they learnt that Tories can’t be trusted? #brexit
Julia can you just highlight to any mp you come across that should they attempt to thwart brexit then their constituents WILL REMOVE THEM AND THEIR ONLY OPTION WILL BE A POPULIST ONE!
Note: I applaud Labour for seeking to take no deal off the table, and pursuing a softer brexit. We will know next week whether that is likely to go anywhere. If it doesn’t, there will be 3 options left: No Deal, May’s Deal or Remain.
To stop that fuckwit Corbyn from running down the clock to his favorite Brexit. If only Labour would have had a leader instead of a senile messiah with a suicide cult following.
He wants to have a general election and get a Labour government. How is that not a clear position on Brexit?
U.K.'s May survives no-confidence vote but Brexit woes continue
Panalpina’s Mexico-USA-UK-Luxembourg roundtrip is Brexit-ready Offering contingency solutions for medical, food supply and other urgent goods #Brexit #logistics #supplychain
You know the ‘people’ whose sacred will must be honored by driving the UK off the Brexit cliff? They’re dead. The UK now has a demographic majority for Remain.
One word comments only please
Tell MPs: work cross-party to fix Brexit. Add your name now via
So basically with Corbyn we are watching Castlevania Brexit?
UK demand for credit cards and mortgages is collapsing as Brits brace themselves for the shock of Brexit via
You can vote brexit anytime you like, but you can *never* leave
Scrap Brexit although 16 million people people voted to leave true democracy. Where did they dig her up from
Brexit on WTO rules. Either that or complete devolution of or politicians and they are useless. Plan A should have been leaving as instructed by the majority of the people. Plan B should never have been used.
Good Morning! is on the air. We're talking Brexit at the moment. Our wake up song coming your way in just a few minutes. Still talking your suggestions for "Blonde songs" for no particular reason. 88.1 FM in #yvr Here's your weather:
Teresa May introduces everyone to her new Brexit plan
Opinion | The Malign Incompetence of the British Ruling Class - The New York Times
To the thick little lefties- What Corbyn says is known as an oxymor*n. Since he will only talk about how to deliver Brexit if Brexit is not to be talked about (since WTO is the only form of Brexit now left). FO oxyMOR*N!!
What's your position on #FreedomOfMovent such as this:
What a farce it's all becoming.
Point is that the Brits made huge changes to the parliamentary system in 2012 -- and we've not gone down that road
Brexit vote: 'Are we witnessing Britain's biggest political crisis of modern times? Absolutely yes.'
Well this is awkward...
Hammond has to go even if May hangs on. He is toxic.
The latest The Eric JF Kleijssen Herald! Thanks to #brexit #afd
I know he drives us mad with his brexit obcession but at least it takes his mind off what his wife did . Imagining him doing a Tony Blackburn live on radio
With #Brexit, the chumocrats who drew borders from India to Ireland are getting a taste of their own medicine.
Checks on both sides of Irish border ‘mandatory under no-deal Brexit’
how do I listen to your show (on catch up) here in the US? At the moment I only get to watch snippets on YouTube. I need my daily Brexit unpacking!
Subscribe Here to get a few chapters for FREE from the book Please #RT #gold #silver #stocks #trading #trades #markets #Investing #today #rich #education #hope #dreams #Giveaway #free #positivity #focus #goals #life #money #success #fun #levelup #brexit
In the cartoons: Trump, Steve King, Brexit
No brained now surely?
A #Brexit lesson in #economics for #Canadians hoping to profit from #anger: #DonPittis | CBC News
so you didn't get your general elections and feel let down by everyone want nuclear option. Man you're full of shit, really are, find your reasoning and logic immature full of arrogance and presumptions. Brexit = no more UK&amp;labour never wins GE. Please lets have it.
Its the partys version of #BREXIT that is a shambles, the UK people DID NOT GIVE true Brexiteers the CHANCE to make it work in their way, their vision.
My pleasure to meet former PM &amp; FM of the Hellenic Republic and President of the Socialist International, , discussing the current situation in the #Mediterranean, the latest news on #Brexit &amp; #migration.
Speaking hypothetically, if house prices do plummet due to a no-deal Brexit, it'll be much easier for millennials to get on the housing ladder, while baby boomers and gen x-ers who already own property see their values go down the pan. So now who's in favour of Brexit???
The #Brexit blame game is in full swing. If we pause to consider what has happened since the referendum, I hope there would be widespread agreement that we have learned that the exit EU process is far more complex than we imagined 2 years ago
Will this have the support of and ?
No. I was commenting on what Ireland's option is if we don't like what the EU does after a no-deal Brexit. I don't think that the EU will care about Ireland's sensibilities in the days after #Brexit. But feel free to disagree.
“the poisonous effects of manufactured political anger” #NotAngryAB A Brexit lesson in economics for Canadians hoping to profit from anger: Don Pittis | CBC News
‘We created this mess’: Group of Tory MPs launch push for fresh Brexit referendum
Rather than doing the right thing and taking 'No Deal' off the table the government is wasting £4.8 billion of tax payers money preparing for a no deal #Brexit. #bbcnews
Brexit was not a business decision, SO I DON'T CARE WHAT THEY WANT
UK parliament to vote on Brexit Plan B on 29 January via
Just moves the deadline from late March to late May
Yes because they want less Brexit. The 52% want genuine Brexit, not just leaving parts of the EU. #LetsGoWTO
It’s really striking how little UK state learned from Northern Ireland, whether that’s Iraq invasion or the lessons of the peace process. May unravelled in 2017 when she accused EU of seeking to thwart UK. What’s needed now is cooling rhetoric and genuine, open dialogue like GFA
I spoke exclusively to .... she tells me no one crosses her 'kill dog' #brexit #muslims
Sums it up.
What is the point? There's no workable majority for any particular type of Brexit - whether that's No Brexit, Norway, Canada, No Deal or any Frankenstein's Monster in between. This whole endeavour is so nihilistic.
Her name is Nicola Sturgeon, you rude oaf. Brexit brexit brexit brexit brexit brexit.......hallo....cliff edge approaching!!!
#LabourParty wants general elections and an alternate plan for #Brexit
Hi Have you seen what Wetherspoons have been sending out? It's just a #brexit propaganda magazine. I'm saying, #SendItBack to Central Park. Reeds Crescent. Watford. WD24 4QL and let them pay the postage. !
Whether it’s Brexit or Zionism – going it alone makes little sense – Mondoweiss
Don't know y you're bothering Ross remoaners r hearing impaired where brexit concerned example the Red bus... Leave said £350m wld b available 2 spend on NHS (+ other things) WHEN UK HAD LEFT the EU but remoaners keep saying NHS hasn't got it yet... Remoaners have we left yet?
Is it trying to prop up the idea that all the patriotic Brits are going to go crazy over a no deal Brexit??
useful!
Even the Independent is critical of Corbyn
can anyone explain to me what the uk political situation is right now?? i know bits and pieces but what are the realistic possible options rn wrt brexit?
Brexit would go out of the window and pale in comparison to the last few supposed scenarios here. It is rather tongue in cheek !
Brexit Europe Milf Cunt Preparing for Piss Brexit
International friends! Is there a book that you read/studied at school that is well known in your country/culture but unknown in the UK? #brexit
Agree 100%. However please inform the Asian community who the majority voted in favour of Brexit :(
Extending Article 50 may prove a tall order for London and Brussels. By . #Brexit #Article50 Read it here:
Brexit in which so many of us tax payers are told to F*CK OFF BACK TO OUR COUNTRIES shouldn't be a matter of joke for accounts with responsibility like yours. Thanks.
Ah the next time Arlene slabbers about rewriting history...
Whether it’s Brexit or Zionism – going it alone makes little sense – Mondoweiss
I do hope ‘understand why people voted Brexit’ is just a slip Johnny, because if you do not know now, you never will.
Well done guys! Remind them of their own words. Great campaign. #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy
Noel Gallagher caused Brexit
George R R Martin just needs to watch Brexit for any new storylines...
There is still no certainty on the outcome of the #Brexit negotiations, so it is possible the UK will face a skills shortage in the near future. via
I truly enjoy the piss and vinegar truth from and the for news of Europe and especially #Brexit.
If you were on death row and new evidence showed your conviction wasn’t sound would you ignore it and let the sentence go ahead or ask for a retrial? Leavers are showing desperation not confidence in blocking a 2019 deal or remain vote. #finalsay #brexit #corbyn
I see Hammond has already crashed through May’s red lines..
You had Johnson, Fox and Davis in the key Brexit ministries. A Brexiter stabbed a Brexiter in the back to stop a clean sweep of key posts. You people need, for once, to take responsibility for the mess you have made.
If The Cat as Fleas It's Because of "Brexit " Ha Ha.
facts: corbyn is using a communist rhetoric, he only wanted a GE from the no-confidence vote, not for the labour party, but for himself. ps: a democracy has to be adaptable to change and be fluid with the current. that vote result tho - 52% remain, 48% leave. hmm... #brexit
So she wants another people's vote on Brexit AND another referendum on independence????
Whether it’s Brexit or Zionism – going it alone makes little sense – Mondoweiss
Another idiot talking as if WE are the idiots!
I’ve followed enough Brexit accounts that I feel that way opening twitter now :-/
I agree. 4m votes for Ukip prior to the last referendum. If Brexit is blocked, theres a real danger of them becoming mainstream again.
Ludicrous thing is the no deal WTO nutters are probably about 15-20% of voters (we hate faceless unelected bureaucrats but WTO!). Rest of leavers are all shades of deal. Biggest group is remain. BUT HARD BREXIT IS THE WILL OF THE PEOPLE.
I don’t recall hearing the May bot saying, “Brexit means Brexit” recently. I wonder why. #Brexit #LeaveMeansLeave #StandUp4Brexit #NoDeal
Question to Sky News: Did you sleep through the events of 23.6.16?
Yet still we lurch on toward self-harm. Is it not obvious now that neither of the front-benches will take responsibility for doing the bold thing i.e. cancelling Brexit before more damage is done? #WaitingForBrexit Just kicking the can down the road to horrible certainty.
If Corbyn wants confirmation of no “no deal”, I want confirmation there will be no second “remain/leave” vote. You can come talk to me anytime you want. You’re doing a great job under the most difficult circumstances. #Brexit
Tory MP pledges second referendum amendment to May's Brexit plan
work dried up since Alan Partridge?. Brexit's fault.
Simple language helped #VoteLeave. Simple messages like this on #TheresaMay’s dilemma are helpful. ‘Painful #Brexit’ vs. ‘Pointless Brexit’ was the helpful bit of #TonyBlair this morning.
Britain Desperately Searches For Brexit Emergency ‘Plan B’
Whilst this Brexit shambles is going on my LIFE is on hold. I feel like a passerby on life's journey, held up by police whilst an indecisive jumper is being talked-down from a high building. After nearly three years I'm at the (inhuman) point in time where I want to shout JUMP!!!
Things we've already forgotten this year: #ThursdayThoughts #Brexit * Gatwick drones * A migrant "crisis" in the English channel * Government giving £14m to a company with no history or ships #ferrygate * Government found in contempt of parliament Also * Grenfell * Windrush
UK politicians so intelligent and shrewd that for public consumption they put up all kinds of made up fights but collectively worked to kill #Brexit. Biggest loser in this game- Labour Party.
using Brexit to distract from his own woes, Yellow jackets everywhere this will only intensify when the true cost of no deal Brexit becomes apparent
FPTP as a way of painting yourself unnecessarily into every corner imaginable - "Brexit means X", or w… via
So Chuka - want a PV now? Question - If Leave won again - what sort of Brexit would you get - With a CU or not?
'More division' has just become another Brexit soundbite. How can we be more divided then we are now? Even the Brexit voters are already split
The CEO of stock exchange operator says the EU financial sector is "massively prepared" for a no-deal #Brexit. See the full interview with Stéphane Boujnah #F24
Not just Corbyn missing from the Brexit all party talks, Mrs May ainyt there either, lying hypocrite
is at best a tad confused on the difference between a self-selecting unrepresentative survey and a proper poll. #VoodooPoll
A semi-Brexit, with just England and Wales leaving the EU, is the solution | Kim Lane Scheppele
Damn you! I thought the same thing days ago but didn’t trust spelling it from memory, and was too lazy to look it up at the time. But, yeah, this is EXACTLY what Brexit is. Oh . . .
He's 'behind' #Brexit. The End.
Tell MPs: work cross-party to fix Brexit. Add your name now via
Funny how slightly more Remainers are mistaken about Corbin. #Brexit
The Govt should be talking the 118 conservative &amp; 10 DUP mp's that could be persuaded if a no backstop/harder brexit was considered. Instead she’s talking to the remainers and considering pivoting to a softer brexit, how soft can it get? Madness – She/Govt has to go.
Whether it’s Brexit or Zionism – going it alone makes little sense – Mondoweiss
That gets me up to 7. Quite something isn't? Most of the big beasts of euoscepticism (now committed to purest Brexit) did not declare/decide on leave until quite late.
Of course they will delay if UK’s direction of travel is toward an even softer Brexit. The EU is on the road to bankruptcy with or without the UK. They think they can survive- but they need our money and our trade. Of course they want us to stay but the lifeboat is ready for UK
Your Brexit QB!
this so called journlist has written 100s of anti Brexit articles for the guardian. her articles in a newpaper that bans anyone who disagrees will their views from the comment section... as it champions free speech across the globe, it then banned people here ....at home...
FOLKS, GO LONG POUND [£] #BREXIT WILL NEVER HAPPEN EASIEST 2019 SPEC'VE PLAY FOR LEAVERS TO SWEETEN THE OUTCOME ESTABLISHMENT HAS SO DECIDED AMEN #GameOverBrexit
Sack Hammond! JRM for chancellor.
THis sums it up: "There is no underlying economic rationale, political will, or intergovernmental mechanism to produce a systematic reorientation of trade and investment within the Commonwealth."
Tory MP pledges second referendum amendment to May's Brexit plan
The latest Big Wow Weddings! Thanks to #brexit #hitchedvenue
The HoC should make the agenda, not the govt/May ! #brexit The govt has to come whenever the HoC wants, HoC to controll the govt.
Patients must not suffer as a result of the Brexit process, says NHS Confederation chief executive
Getting tired of all this old rhetoric now. We all know that politician lie now. We all realise the UK is no longer democratic and we #LeaveMeansLeave have been deceived. But what can we do about it NOW!!!! all I see now is historic complaining
Video-Macron’s summation of Brexit-‘British people were sold a lie’. He went on to cast doubt over any chances EU would renegotiate Britain's exit deal-'We already went as far as we could-'good luck' in figuring out a way to leave March 29 w/o a clear plan
Theresa May survives confidence vote, but her Brexit crisis continues by Charlie Kimber -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Theresa May May won...
Since Tuesday I've watched dozens of #MP 's being interviewed. They STILL don't get it!! They are STILL peddling their own preferred "solution" How can 65 million people be governed by 650 imbeciles? #LeaveMeansLeave #Brexit #NoDealNoProblem #Parliament
"Weaker German growth" Infinitely better than "Economy collapses post brexit"
It might get messy?............ Oh really? You can't make an omelette without breaking a few eggs. The government needs to realise this, and just get on with #Brexit. "No deal" really is better, than any other deal the EU is ever likely to offer.
Tory:
That happened in March 2016, when Toshiaki Higashihara, CEO of Hitachi, said that they would review investments if people voted for Brexit. So yes, you're right. This is an excellent, and accurate thing to blame Brexit for.
I'm one of the people too. I don't get why this bloke Will has more clout than me. #TheresaMay #Brexit
Whether it’s Brexit or Zionism – going it alone makes little sense – Mondoweiss
Sorry I had to steal this. It’s soooo funny
It you can actually articulate what Corbyn’s Brexit policy is I would be amazed.
it's been confirmed that after the brexit debate that the government will not change the law which governs police resources and extra funding they claim that every police force in the uk gets enough money over £30,0000 ! A year to cope with but it's not fair
They lost previous VoNC by 19 votes, there’s a lot more than 19 hard brexiters. All it’s takes is for 19 of them to abstain on VoNC. If VoNC doesn’t work again, worst case is we get soft Brexit, which is probably where we’ll end up anyway, then they will really turn against her
I already think this is the worst political idea currently in circulation. Knowing authoritarian hag Caroline Lucas supports it is all the confirmation I needed.
Too bad he’s trying to frustrate a real Brexit.
Hammond is a snake!
It looks like the British Government is not only intend on destroying Brexit but also the Nuclear industry. It's seem regardless of what the problem is no one in the government is prepared to agree on anything, but...
SECOND REFERENDUM PLEASE!!
What is there to reconsider. Just revoke and be honest about it. Process has been irrevocably botched. Leavers will realise too. The only path to a successful future Brexit is to revoke now.
You keep shouting that leavers didn't know what sort of Brexit they voted for and when we tell you we voted for a no deal you scream that it mustn't be an option. What the hell is wrong with you?
Listening to the very real impacts of Brexit on my family (my grandmother lives alone in the UK, my close family lives in Belgium) is a heart wrenching. My Belgium born brother getting his Belgian citizenship feels like sending him out on a life raft.
Interesting read for members - What Top Law Firms in the UK Are Doing to Prepare for Brexit via
Read the bit before the the highlighted section. "Should Parliament vote down a Tory Brexit deal or the talks end in no-deal..." That's the prerequisite for the VoNC which has failed, so we move on. The way to stop No Deal is to meet with her.
MPs are going to vote on 'Plan B' options! Good! This will actually definitively show us what the Commons wants! I hope a vote on a Citizens' Assembly is in there, or that the idea is discussed if there is no majority for anything
The expiry date for the 2016 #Brexit referendum is this Sat (Jan 19th)
UK tech firms favour second referendum as next move in Brexit stalemate
Well, well, well......... Keep pushing for that #PeoplesVote peeps! Nearly there!
...to ride the choppy waves caused by Brexit you mean? I don't know if you've heard of the "but for" test, but it applies where there a number of alternative causes. 4000 job losses would not have happened "but for" Brexit, so it is not baseless or easily refuted.
I regard it as AN OUTRAGE that May etc al are putting 70 %of uk supermarket food supplies at risk by protracting BREXIT talks. .Macron says the French have reached negotiation &amp; European interests cannot be put at risk for Brexit #PeoplesVote
by “it is UK’s misfortune at this moment, when cooperation and statesmanship are needed to prevent political and economic disaster, both the PM and the leader of the opposition are known for being cautious, obstinate, unimaginative, tribal and charmless”#Brexit
So ... no Brexit is the obvious end point!
Reservists are most likely needed to gap-fill central and local government roles decimated by austerity and redeployment to err... Brexit preparations. Sitting in rooms with maps and phones etc.
That women wants to see the end of Brexit, your freedoms, and your country. Just say NO!
Fact-check =
Brexit is improving the lives of the poorest. Real wages are up. We are paying our people more to keep hold of them. I voted remain because it suits our well established business...it works for us (labour supply &amp; supply chain). Clearly the status quo does not work for everyone.
These kind of things happened in 80's Pakistan (means General Zia ul Haq régime)
are now selling #Brexit coats online. Even the slightest murmur of the shambolic state we’re in &amp; you can crawl inside your own coat. Win.
Here is a clip of my Brexit interview w. on , in which I argue that Britain has precious little bargaining power until it has made up its mind as to what it wants. &amp; I talk about the emergency break avail. to the U.K. in the 11th hour.
This is a fun thread
The Treaty of Aachen lays the foundation for a Franco-German superstate within the EU27. I will be signed on January 22nd. #Brexit
The latest The 3mr__ Daily! #brexit #d365businessseries
Uneasy in the noisy crowds outside Parliament, Julie Siddiqi experiences a spontaneous act of Christian-Muslim solidarity. Let’s up our game, she says, as people of faith &amp; no faith let’s disagree well &amp; write the next chapter together #Brexit
MPs: work cross party to fix Brexit
Politics is broken and Parliament is in gridlock. We are calling on the four ministers leading cross-party talks to urgently assign time for all cross-party proposals on how to fix Brexit to be debated in Parliament. Sign the petition:
The UK Prison News paper is out! Stories via #brexit #socent
I give you Theresa May. #Brexit
At last.
I don't even know why I care anymore. Prediction is worthless and I have no influence on the result and I should shut up and ignore #brexit until it's resolved. I ought to tweet about games instead, but I have nothing useful to say right now.
Some more practical suggestions for the Brexit deal, you need the second tweet for the interesting idea that the UK is allowed a notice period on the backstop on condition we demonstrate trade across the Irish border works fine without infrastructure
(BREAKING NEWS):Theresa May must ‘ditch red lines’ on Brexit — Says Opposition leader
It’s really difficult to make Hard Brexit jokes when our own government has been shut down for nearly a month.
Tell MPs: work cross-party to fix Brexit. Add your name now via
The young have been dishonestly targeted by #remain only because they are more likely to vote remain. It's all political. #Brexit
If you’re an Economist in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a tragedy for you. If you live in Yorkshire and the Humber then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this tragedy! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
First-time buyers shrug off Brexit saga in Britain via Great news! However, please, please always get independent professional advice (especially a valuation if using help to buy). Always here if you have questions about property purchasing.
If you were on death row and new evidence showed your conviction wasn’t sound would you ignore it and let the sentence go ahead or ask for a retrial? Leavers are showing desperation not confidence in blocking a 2019 deal or remain vote. #finalsay #brexit #corbyn
Please note
Die AfD mit dem Fake des Tages
not very convincing /: i understand that there is a huge amount of sentiment behind the second world war, but it has literally nothing to do with brexit.
Says he tweeting from Florida
Brexit news latest: May plays games again. Vote on plan B now only on 29 Jan. The delay will also apply to the amendment designed to put Parliament in the driving seat that is being put down by a cross-party group of senior MPs. May cannot be trusted.
Agree that in a representative democracy there should be no need for further public consultation on terms of departure. But parliament could put the type of brexit to the people without compromising the referendum result.
the corbyn cultists are damaging their own side with their extreme behaviour. there are some Remainers who are prioritising their hatred of corbyn over taking action to stop Brexit. this is just as harmful to our own cause. what does it achieve except more division &amp; more abuse?
you mean no deal brexit we had a referendum and the answer was leave. there were no conditions to be met. The question was leave or stay, and the answer was leave.
If you are fucked off with Brexit and the endless lame soundbites, try these lads out. A great way to spend the afternoon at work. Or bettergive them a tv show
Hard Brexit: The UK has a strong economy and setbacks may be temporary
You might even think JC likes this stalemate and wants it to continue until a no deal brexit happens by default.
Chumocracy's own Waterloo
All those brexiteers blabbing on about WTO. Honestly admit to yourselves that you know nothing in what it entails and you had probably not even heard of it prior to brexit. Now you're experts.
The people who voted and still want Any Brexit seem to be very scared of another vote , it is as if they don’t believe they now have any chance of winning a re-run , now the lies and mistruths cant be backed up
The wanker
CEP Gosnell: Delivering Brexit is a question of integrity
Presume your talking about the money given to the DUP and not the money that has been wasted by the Government on Brexit which did not go to healthcare. The Government has wasted millions and for nothing. It is no closer to happening but cost the country a fortune.
Q: Are #Remainers desperate and deluded (and sinister, too)? A: Yes #Brexit #Remain #FBPE #FinalSay #Deatherendum #StAlbans #Harpenden #Cambridge
That is one of the best articles on #Brexit &amp; Britain's imperial delusions I've ever read. Well done Pankaj Mishra
Corbyn is just Starmer's faithful bitch in all this stuff When Corbyn is at the despatch box talking BREXIT, he's just reading out loud Starmer's speeches
I left over Brexit and the fact it’s crippling the country and I don’t believe in it. Nothing to do with TM as such or LGBTQ issues.
You mean an even softer non-Brexit. 57% your constituents voted Leave. They didn’t vote “deal” - it wasn’t on the ballot. A child can see this is required to get EU to move position now or after leaving, but Remainers like you just want to Remain. It’s all a big fat lie.
3.) Guarantee we don’t fall behind the EU in worker’s rights, protections for consumers, or environmental protections. Labour will ensure the Britain becomes a World leader in these areas(Legal &amp; Human Rights &amp; Protections). Tories want to use Brexit as a race to the bottom. 4/5
I noticed that. It's like Brexit us a big game for the lot of them. I'm not sure they appreciate the stress some of us are under as a result of this nightmare.
This is well stated by Macron. It should also serve as a wakeup call (read alarm) to populism. There is theory and there is practice. It is best to not confuse the two. I know I am a Realist, but heck, give me a rope all day long and I still wont be a cowboy.
Brexit: Theresa May meeting MPs 'to seek consensus'
The letter , , and have written to , urging him to now support a #PeoplesVote on the #Brexit deal.
Looks like the Dutch are sick of Brexit too
That already happened. Old news. What about your Tory #Brexit shambles? That’s the real story ...
the woman has promised to deliver brexit...she will attempt to do so at ANY cost...Corbyn today has said the so called cross party talks are a stunt...no deal can go through because of Tory party divisions. This is why the only way out is a GE.
Like I say, Joseph, at this rate, it becomes all too easy to start suggesting that democracy is a questionable, unknowable, maybe indefensible concept. It's why we must defend the #Brexit mandate
Brexit means Brexit
Philip Hammond faces Cabinet backlash over no-deal Brexit as ministers say he is a 'rogue element' he should be fired #philiphammondout
Can't vote for Labour as they are pro-Brexit, can't vote for LibDems as they're for cannabis (something that will harm babies in the womb) so it's got to be the Greens.
You need a slapping .... BREXIT
Balfour Beatty CEO slams government over #Brexit chaos | Construction Manager - News
Tell MPs: work cross-party to fix (or dump) Brexit. Add your name now via
#Tories... they really are despicable. #unfittogovern Government ‘sneaks out’ £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote
Actually, in England it will be. For some reason, the SNP won't be passing incremental funding onto the Scottish NHS, though.
Opinion | The Malign Incompetence of the British Ruling Class - The New York Times
A lot of people are convinced Theresa May is running down the clock on Brexit. I think it's a bit optimistic to suggest she has a plan beyond the next 24 hours.
May will stick to Brexit 'principles' in cross-party talks, says No 10. In others words I'll talk to you, only if you agree with me...Stubborn Bitch!!!
Still blaming Cameron and Johnson for #Brexit? Step back to see the long tradition of hubris and incompetence that spawned them
'Brexit' scriptwriters admit they have no idea how to write season finale - via
The latest The Construction UK Daily! Thanks to #brexit #uk
Brexit uncertainty and how contractors can prepare for the unknown #brexit
Dear #brexit folks: If you think the E.U. will give you whatever concessions you want, you are painfully, and woefully, wrong. The E.U. has every reason to make brexit as painful as possible as a warning to other countries. Y’all need to rethink this ASAP and stop the madness.
and she finally got unseat like a year from now ..with no deal and no #Brexit
MPs say they won’t allow a no deal Brexit. Can they stop one?
Not surprised. Only a real Brexit wonk would have given up watching that game to hear yet more Brexit stuff. We can hear Brexit 24/7.
'OF COURSE Corbyn should be talking to May': Tony Blair tears into Labour leader for refusing cross party talks invitation - and says if HE was PM he would already have delayed #Brexit
So ’s red lines for talks with are that she removes her red lines. Clearly #Brexit is going to be a great success.. #brexit #FBPE #PeoplesVote #Nodeal
Really interesting issue. Like my grandfather's axe: when's it a different country? "Enough old leavers will have died and enough young remainers will have come on to the electoral register to turn the dial on what the country thinks about Brexit."
The only way this makes sense is if the government chooses to set no Brexit (i.e. full A50 revocation on say March 28th) as the default position in the absence of an agreement. It should be logical, reaIly, given the dangers of no deal, but I don't think that's what Corbyn wants.
entire western worlds are puppet govts nowadays, atm they're pre occupied with population control, enter brexit, sens them all to Europe and light the fuse, all over again ..wonder who'll wear the little moustache this time round?
Thanks a bunch leavers #Brexit #PeoplesVote
The Malign Incompetence of the British Ruling Class
Nearly 35 million were scammed into voting on unicorns. There won't be another vote on them Especially a binding vote - not even Cameron was that stupid. There is no real Brexit. Ahead of us is a period where everything stays the same but we stop sending idiots to Brussels.
An analysis that also applies to the Brexit chaos
Yes, Brexit would be happening anyway.
They are taking Brexit off the negotiating table, or more accurately out of the second referendum so we choose between "vassal state" or "remain".
#ThursdayThoughts #Brexit is fraught Nothing Is as folk thought #God exists,get over it #Poetry is the last unsullied art form Art costs,look at #Banksy Music's an industry Writing well a calling To underwrite films or gaming #Poetry is poverty &amp; From Poverty Comes Liberation
WHAT DO WE WANT? BREXIT! WHEN DO WE WANT IT? WHEN YOU ALL AGREE ON MY PERSONAL INTERPRETATION OF BREXIT!
No Deal Brexit to give UK Economy major boost. What we waiting for? #brexit
Loving Arlenes new coat!! She must have treated herself to it after the ol Brexit result....
A major bonus of Brexit has been to show up the infantile logic and supposed intelligence of many in the media and celebrity world. Their inability to see the world in anything but their own dimwitted light is a pleasure to behold
Take That ..Greatest Hits Reimagined ..including "Back for Good...The Brexit Mix".."Could it be Tragic".."Relight My Liars".....and of course "Prey" !!!
It is now an ever more regularly occurring thought for me: if there’s a no-deal brexit, will I or one of my family die? (We’re all on some kind of medication.) How did it come to this? It is straightforward to commit to not letting it happen: it *is* within the government’s power
The GENES Blog: Green cards may be needed for post-Brexit UK-Ireland travel #genealogy #familyhistory
Labour are not in power. Labour have not negotiated Brexit. Labour didn't prop up Cameron for five years so that he could cause this mess in the first place. I was merely pointing out that a general election gives the opportunity to address many serious issues but a PV just one
Don’t know if these petitions make much difference but I have signed Tell MPs: work cross-party to fix Brexit. Add your name now via
Steve Bannon - who brought us Brexit &amp; Donald Trump
There is no time for another referendum. The British MPs must do their duty. They must stop Brexit immediately. They know a catastrophe is imminent. They must act to avert it. There is no other choice. Only they have the power. So they have the responsibility.
Brussels have been nothing more than arrogant in their stance toward the UK and brexit...just shows who they think is boss and not a mutual arrangement..
Mad dogs and Englishmen: Brexit and Britain’s decline
No offence intended, but you might find this helpful
Despite Losing Vote for Brexit Plan, Prime Minister Theresa May Wins Confidence Vote... via
Delingpole: Brexit Is Now Hanging by a Thread via
All hail the market...without the rest of us, markets wouldn’t even exist. Delusional idiots...literally.
Motorists to need Green Card in event of no-deal Brexit
If you set aside #TonyBlair personal agenda to remain in the EU this all boils down to a binary choice - Remain or Canada+
I will trade your Brexit fuckery , for this Trump treasonous terror on Monday - Wednesday and Fridays.
#Brexit - why is it, that only Remain voters are demanding another referendum? Show me a Brexiteer that want's another vote......
Brexit for the quality of journalism is like lifting up a stone in your garden &amp; seeing the insects scurrying back to the darkness. One of them is Polly Toynbee, she of the stupid red spectacles.. a disgusting apology for a journalist.. a brief resurgence in a lacklustre career.
It would hearten a lot of ppl of faith in England if our could say something about #Brexit today. Maybe it’s being drafted as we tweet?
You slander, denigrated &amp; attack Jeremy Corbyn - Perish the thought you'd ever act with balance, so here's what Corbyn offered Theresa May &amp; the Tories 18 months ago #jeremycorbyn #Brexit #NoDealBrexit #Tories
Make Chris Grayling Brexit Secretary so it’s inevitably delayed due to Leaver’s on the line
Easiest deal in history? #Brexit
Second interview of the day for on whether the uncertainty caused by #Brexit is deterring people from making big purchases (13.28 in) #housing
Agree. This was a good move. Nobody should be expected to negotiate with a (no-deal Brexit) gun held to their head. Much as I criticise Corbyn, he has called this one right.
Change the record. 17.4 million voted to leave. It's enshrined in law Wight royal assent that we leave 29th March. Brexit cannot be stopped
'We decided to LEAVE' Labour MP STUNS Jon Snow with reply in heated Brexit clash &lt; in touch with the people &amp; democracy. &amp; are not.
The outlook for Britain's housing market is darkening fast ahead of Brexit, with sales expectations falling to their lowest level in at least 20 years by one measure, surveys showed on Thursday. "Gloom shrouds UK housing market outlook as Brexit nears"
Everything will be about Brexit for years unless we stop it. It will increase austerity whoever delivers it, not fix it. Really tired of having this same argument with blinkered Corbynites. It's genuinely as if you've been programmed, like robots, with this nonsense.
Finally watched speech from last night. He gets a lot of flak but that was simply outstanding and reinforced my faith in this government to do good (Brexit aside atm!)
British parliament intent Brexit ‘plan B’ vote on January 29: Commons’ head Leadsom - The Indian Wire
We stood alone in the Battle of Britain. If it wasn't for that there would have been nothing for other countries to help with...
'After Brexit and Trump: an interview with Douglas Murray'
This is all very well, but a) what happens at the end of the backstop which is just deferring the inevitable and b) where will passports be checked? Immigration being a key issue. BBC News - Brexit talks: What does the DUP want?
FFS, stop the #Brexit! It is harming #UK citizens, even #UK unity may suffer in the future. #UK citizens were fooled by the media and propaganda from states that are gonna benefit from this. States like #Russia and even #USA unfortunately. United, we are stronger!
For a man who wants to be seen taking the moral high ground, Corbyn is not very good at it. All he has to do is spend 30 mins in a room with May, ask her what's she'll compromise on. When she says nothing he can then claim that high ground. The goal's open he still misses #brexit
The majority of Tory voters (rural whites) and the majority of Labour voters (the urban white working class) support Brexit. Both parties ignore the majority of their voters, and this subsequently does not effect their poll numbers.
are ‘talking to Government’ but which #brexit next step is best for #pharmacy with no sign of Plan B? want a referendum, EU may say no to extension but there's No Deal or General Election too. What should pharmacy leaders be pushing for? Please RT.
. Members back a #SecondReferendum. #Brexit is not only a national concern, it is a concern for all elected representatives - national and local politicians alike. We all have a part in shaping the debate if only we are willing to stand up and be counted.
#Brexit gets delayed as they want will cause massive unrest. I believe they think we gonna tolerate this. Bloody ignorant fools won't like the wars on our streets. After March no more peaceful protests I hope we not betrayed further.
UK parliament will debate and vote on PM May’s Brexit ‘plan B’ on Jan. 29 - CreaWorldNews -
Nothing could be more dangerous - at very least, ineffective &amp; irritating - that law be trapped in amber outside of the flowing political ebbs. As such, the brilliant argument there can be no leftist argument for Brexit if the left protects human rights
I do wonder how this might have gone if Brexit had been run on a cross party basis from the get-go, but hay ho, we'll never know.
It’s a pickle alright . The Country is divided . Sort it out and deliver the Brexit they voted for .
In desperation, turns to false-flag sonic terrorism
It was clear from Article 50 that the process once it was invoked would be two years. It is therefore a bit disingenuous for Remainers to claim that the passage of time justifies a second vote. Just like Hard or Soft Brexit, none of this was mentioned before unexpected result.
The latest Journal de : ! Thanks to #brexit #soldes
Brexit certainly has invoked some strong opinions but this is the most, callous, disgusting, nauseating thing I’ve seen for quite some time.
NO, "You couldn’t make it up" ! And guess what, she is in the middle of a very bad story too !!! OUT Europeists-Globalists-Traitors of the Deep State Cabal !!!
Tell MPs: work cross-party to fix Brexit. Add your name now via
PODCAST: has Corbyn fallen into a Brexit trap? talks to and
The Controlled Demolition of Brexit – #NewWorldNextWeek
Now we finally know what Brexit involves we have every right to vote on the options (including Remain).
Do you not think that brexit will just make austerity worse?
If this is how our government responds to the result of a referendum THEY called, how on earth will they run the country when the world around us crumbles from #environmental catastrophe? Indeed, is Brexit a red herring? #ClimateBreakdown #ClimateChange #BrexitShambles
and , You are elected and expected to #negotiate. Please get everyone in the #government to do their jobs, like regular #American citizens do daily. Maybe you could take lessons from .
#Brexit - List of UK Companies no longer in UK Thanks to EU Asset Stripping #fbpe #LeaveMeansLeave #europeanunion
We invite you to read a Foreign and Commonwealth Office blog post on the latest roundtable in Romania about the opportunities for UK and EU collaboration in science and innovation after Brexit.
(That's not a Brexit-related tweet, by the way, it's just SUCH a gorgeous, glorious and invigorating song. Do yourself a favour.)
BREXIT: 170 business leaders call for second referendum. This is not good news, apparently. So sick of experts.
Equating Populism to Socialism makes as much sense as comparing Lockhart to Snape; one does whatever it takes to appeal to the people, the other does what it takes to actually help. Always.
So it is only pertinent if both sides are in discussion; in other words, in the case of a Hard Brexit, about as likely as a 'Transition Period' whilst flitching on the 39bn
...and #Brexit platitudes such as the "meaningful vote"... what unlike all prior meaningless ones?
I hope we won't get anarchy - it would play havoc with my OCD &amp; love of order! I want a political solution or a new Govt - we must #StandUp4Brexit by whatever means, Remainers have pushed us into a corner where the only acceptable outcome is now #NoDealNoProblem #Brexit
Please keep up the fantastic work for a true Brexit, Peter. Millions of us are grateful for the efforts of patriots like yourself in all parties who are fighting to save our democracy and the freedom of the British Nations. Best of luck and good health to you. FU eu
Nothing balanced about refusing to oppose Brexit, and nothing balanced about voicing unqualified praise for Hugo Chavez.
And what do you suggest ?
Excellent summary and probably what will happen.
..and in from the left here's Corbyn! He's past the defender! Past the goalie! 3 yards out! It's an open goal! He must score! Oh my goodness! He's hit it wide, way to the right! The fans are in despair...
Interesting piece in about how people - especially those with money - are leaving Britain because of #Brexit at
Don’t forget brexit lol
THANK YOU for sharing the fear you feel in your fabulous book. It gave me the confidence to stand on my rod outside my local shopping centre on the day of the Brexit vote to ask ppl what they thought about Mays deal and ‘what next’. I felt the fear &amp; did it anyway!
Why the heck is Nigel Farage now more scared to upset the msm in interviews than stand up for Brexit/democracy? It is not acceptable to have another referendum before the result of 2016 is implemented. We should not have to be ready to fight all over again, we gave instruction.
Your Brexit WR...
Their disgusting attitudes aside I'm happy for them to keep their assumptions on the age demographics of brexit. I think they're way off the mark.
I'm more fed up with his supporters thinking he's more than he is. 2 of them ranted at me yesterday about how he'll end Brexit, end May, win GE, denied he is anti-EU etc... They both deleted hours of tweets after the result of the vote.
If Brexiteers get behind a second referendum, there is hope for the UK avoiding a catastrophic no deal #Brexit. #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit
I must say, muting "Brexit" on my Twitter timeline was the BEST decision
No-deal #Brexit will reduce English law dispute clauses. The Brief Daily legal affairs updates from &amp; Click here to subscribe
A Brexit lesson in economics for Canadians hoping to profit from anger: Don Pittis
Project reality
I hate the man.
An evaluation of the #Tory leader : #Brexit - INCOMPETENT Liar - HABITUAL Briber - DUP Blackmailer - NO DEAL War criminal - YEMEN Poverty/inequality/homelessness - UP Private/public debt - UP Investment - DOWN Wages/growth - STAGNANT Evaluation ends #VoteLabour
What’s going to happen with Brexit? Here is an interesting note from Professor
Yep. Still no one has been able to tell me what that "considerably upside" will be for the guy and gal in the street immediately after Brexit-Day.
No point other than appearing to "consult". #AbrahamLincoln once said, "You can fool all of the people some of the time, Some of the people all of the time, but you can't fool all of the people all of the time." #TheresaMay is in the some of the people, all of the time camp.
They're Tories, that's what they do, hammer poor people. This sort of thing was perfectly acceptable to the FBPE brigade pre-2016, the only thing that matters to them is Brexit. Remoaners would have Satan as prime minister as long as they could stay in the EU.
Obviously (cough) nothing (cough) to do (cough) with #Brexit (double cough)
Tell MPs: work cross-party to fix Brexit. Add your name now via
I'm so sick of seeing this stupid comment whenever brexit comes up. do you even know what you're talking about? there are consequences that are disastrous if we have a no deal brexit. do some research for crying out loud
When it comes to the EU a no deal Brexit isn’t a threat. It would wreck our economy but had little or no impact on the other member states
On the three biggest issues of the last 20 years - Iraq, the financial crisis, and Brexit - only one party, the Lib Dems, has acted in the national interest, being vilified in the process for doing so.
Oh Blimey! The other 47 percent just don’t seem to learn..
A No-Deal Brexit must be avoided at all costs. A 2nd ref must also be avoided if at all possible...it can only ever be the lastest of last resorts. Anybody who tells you that either of these options are tickety-boo is either deluded or dishonest.
I have signed the People’s Vote Petition to demand a vote on the Brexit deal.We, the people, have the democratic right to determine our own future: #PeoplesVote
In an effort to prove to Dr Speth that he's not a chump, Bojo has designed a new bicycle (see attached for details). He's calling it the "Boris Bojo Brexit Bike" (4B's for marketing purposes). He thinks it's absolutely wizard &amp; a flyer. What could go wrong?
The UK is the third largest car builder in Europe. We’re not playing at this. If you accept the loss of this as a price of Brexit worth paying you’re an idiot. If you’re promoting it from a position of influence, you’re a traitor to our nation and should be treated as such.
Jacob Rees-Mogg, MP for North East Somerset, articulates the reasons for Brexit.
Successfully negotiated a better deal on my deposit repayment from a flat we moved out of in December. Let me do #Brexit.
British PM's offer over Brexit talks a 'stunt' - Corbyn
Just the light relief that’s needed in this shit storm! #janeygodleyVoiceOver
Australian Sky News host Nails it on Brexit via
British PM's offer over Brexit talks a 'stunt' - Corbyn via
At last, a sensible strategy.
Read this. Share it. Too much at stake for #Canada. We must be better. We need to be better. Brexit an economic warning to Canadians trying to benefit by stoking anger and division #cdnpoli
What's worse is it's YOUR generation who are going to suffer most for my generation's stupidity!
Brilliant article.
#BREXIT: Will British #Business #Travellers Stay #Visa Free? Find out the latest #biztravel news - #ThursdayThoughts
And you wonder why we voted Brexit?!....
How a Playwright Made Sense of Brexit #wuwei #today #best #news #daily #feed
OK Google... for how much longer? #Brexit
The reality of #Brexit
I thought I understood Brexit (as much as anyone can) but I saw something today that means maybe I don't... In the event of a no deal, the transition period does not apply? Is this like, totally basic and crucial and I either missed it (or had my head in the sand about it)?
Yes they will Deborah and yet again the normal people will cop out..this Brexit farce has been absolutely manufactured by this Govt..
#wato Imagine where we might be in the brexit process if the BBC wasn't the state tool.
UK trade secretary at CES: #tech 'indispensable' to post-Brexit prosperity. | Via
Started getting #wetherpoons magazine loaded with pro-brexit propaganda through my letterbox. I don't need the advise of a bigoted old rose-tint colonialist who made his millions selling discounted drugs to addicts.
What are your views on the current situation of #Brexit #DowiningStreet #PM
Sums you up to a tee
What happens next with Brexit? Enterprise Nation members have their say #Brexit #BrexitVote #BrexitDeal #ENmember
Yep. I think they've nailed it.
I bet that if those who voted Brexit were put at the front of the queues for redundancies they would pipe down a bit
how am i agreeing with you? also that is untrue, there are conservative MP’s who think that a no deal brexit is a ‘true brexit’ and the reason May doesn’t wanna take no deal off the table is because she doesn’t wanna lose the support of those MP’s!
The City of London is pushing ahead with contingency plans, but clings to hope of a way forward on Brexit
Fascinated to learn from this morning that Jacob's dad co-wrote the book on how to do disaster capitalism well. Sometimes powerful ideology is just pure evil, surely?
Oi! , do you need me to send you anything? #Brexit
no deal’s their card steve, we’d be absolutely fucked
Donations for soar. Someone's making money out of this mess #EmmaBarnettShow
Ver sad, very dark. #Tavistock Psyops being staged v The People. Agent Provocateur filmed passing something to Sean Coley, Soubry's assistant. Femi in on it. About 7 plants around parliament area to discredit Brexit #YellowVests
It's good Theresa May is talking to other parties. Will there be a point at which she starts listening to any of them? #Brexit
A short history of Brexit in a metaphor: 1. Some right wing morons see political advantage in telling people that all we need to do is eat gravel. 2. Experts say this is a very bad idea in every way, but experts are boring so they are ignored.
Margret Thatcher did the same until Mark Thatcher arms and money laundering deals in South Africa, destroyed the opprtunity to a future for Britain. Britain needs a better economic outlook in ensuring all citizens are equally heard.
The level of incompetence by Fine Gael over Brexit is off the scale. Its like watching a gambling addict, gamble all their money on a game they dont even know how to play.
Firstly, the European Convention on Human Rights is NOT an EU treaty. If we Brexit, nothing changes. Our govt could have exited that treaty at any time.
April Fool’s day just after Brexit is going to be fun!! #ThursdayThoughts #Brexit
Great, ! If you spent your own money for the best interests of your great Nation, you should be applauded. But the hypocrites think the oppsite. #Brexit . Make it hard.
Corbyn blasts Theresa May's Brexit talks as a 'stunt' - and refuses to back down
It gets bigger. I moved with my family to Canada, because of Brexit among other reasons. It wasn't easy, but every single day, I'm glad I did it. UK will have to do without another 25 years of me working in biomedical research and paying taxes.
Prat.
Agreed. The Ireland situation is a complex thing, regardless of Brexit, but this could force an even deeper divide. This whole situation is rife with potential chaos.
Brexit is now shown to be bad for country, bad for democracy (reduced freedoms and no checks and balances) and EU is not high cost: your workers union membership costs you as much each month or more. We get loads back. We make rules. EU is democratic. #PeoplesVote is democracy.
World-class US economist on economic effects of Brexit. Most interesting &amp; very bad news for desperate Remainers. #Brexit #FBPE #Leave #HardBrexit #softBrexit #NoDealBrexit #voteLabour
Philip Hammond faces Cabinet backlash over no-deal Brexit as ministers say he is a 'rogue element'
Wise words - and very appropriate !
So Theresa May wants to enter in to cross party discussions but has insisted that she won't make any changes. What is the point of the discussion then? #brexit #BrexitShambles
should be leading our nation NOW.He improves every portfolio he touches,has a clarity of thought thats conveyed backed with evidence;been proved right re #borisjohnson He’s deeply confident in the UK.Get him centre stage via #Brexit
Unless she wants it to happen..?
So much like trade, clearing will continue as usual for an undisclosed period of time in a no deal brexit scenario. The cliff edge is crumbling away.
..but St Theresa had a blinding vision which came with tablets of stone: 1. Thou shalt have brexit 2. Thou shalt appoint crap ministers to fail at the task For thou art the anointed one
James why don't the UK government ask the people in a yes or no vote do they want a second referendum. If the answer is yes then have a second referenfum on brexit.
My conclusion is that a 2nd referendum should be held with just 2 choices- full Remain or No deal Brexit. Aside from the dangers of a 3 choice vote (game theory threatens perverse results), TM’s middle way or anything like it has been voted down already.
A lot of planning went into mitigating against the millennium bug, and it was mostly successful. It pisses me off that Brexit fan boys use the millennium bug as an excuse for the chaos they want to unleash.
Exactly right Will. The problem is Varadkar /RoI insist on the absolutist definition, leaving UK with choice of No Deal, No Brexit or abandon NI.
View from USA
Brexit: Government calls up British army reservists to help prepare for no-deal - The Independent
Read about what participants had to say regarding their experiences of citizens' assemblies, with examples from Ireland, Canada, Texas, Japan, Gdansk (Poland) and England.
It *is* much better to watch the parliament channel. The bbc thinks it knows best and that we need a load of clowns to 'interpret' things for us because we are too stupid. And as bbc staff are 100% anti-Brexit who like to invite on fascists who also hate Brexit as guests....
More than 50 government officers have come together for table top exercises in preparation for a possible no-deal Brexit.
Why weaken our position you STUPID, THICK, EVIL, CONNIVING IDIOT. The EU fears a no deal Brexit. We can work a no deal Brexit to our advantage. Don't get involved in what you don't understand. #dotard
The Brexit standoff as five theses: tl;dr we are headed for an election or a second referendum...
Tory MP pledges second referendum amendment to May's Brexit plan
It's a good job the Catholic church didn't stick to it's views on the solar system in the same way sticks to her dead #Brexit deal or space travel would never have happened. Sometimes you just need to know when to ditch a crap idea. #BrexitShambles
Philip Hammond tells business no-deal Brexit will be stopped
This table is going to be tossing around all over the place. Ouija Brexit?
Jeremy is ruling out the will of the people : LEAVE !! Not any conditions mentioned..... So, you're neglecting democracy !
Yeah, but Labour did not stand on a commitment to wave through your destructive interpretation of Brexit. The #Brexit deadlock is your party's making. A people's vote or citizen's assembly may be the only way to unblock it.
This has been the only good thing to come out of brexit we now know the MPs who study the facts and understand them, the parrots and those who are brain dead. The public are just as bad “ don’t understand it but just get on with it” FIND OUT READ!
A great thread on the implausibility of circumstances and how we have sailed into the maw of the perfect shit storm...
So the Tories backed May in the no-confidence vote because they realised it’s better to be on the inside making decisions, than on the outside complaining about them. Couldn’t they apply this logic to the EU? #brexit #ThursdayThoughts #NoConfidenceVote #brexitdebate #BrexitChaos
Great, ! If you spent your own money for the best interests of your great Nation, you should be applauded. But the hypocrites think the oppsite. #Brexit . Make it hard.
Matt Frei is another bias loon just like Jon Snow that has also been rude &amp; insulting to Arlene Foster &amp; the DUP..I think he is just an unpleasent man. #Brexit
Indeed. It beggars belief that he’s still taken seriously when it comes to cash. He regrets nothing. Has learned nothing. Like Lawson.
This is a mistake which makes it easy for a largely hostile media to make the issue the supposed intransigence of Better to go to talks, listen and then make a public judgement on the PM’s conduct.
Love how the wanker who caused all this chaos stops to give his support to the government then hops and skips into the distance without a care in the fuckin world...#BrexitChaos #Cameron
Drop the no deal Brexit option and you won't be able to move for enthusiastic Labour negotiators.
Theresa May has millions of pounds available to throw at Brexit, ensuring that the "will of the people" is fulfilled, but none to build a vital nuclear power station. I hope the 'will' keeps people warm at night when we eventually run out of electricity!
Yep. I speak to Bulgarians every day, meet new Bulgarians every day and have been asked about Brexit maybe twice since it all started. No-one gives a fuck what we do.
Typical Remainer! Just dismisses democracy like it's an annoying inconvenience!
Brexit is unicorns. We're not going to have another vote on unicorns any time soon. Ahead of us is a period where we effectively remain in the EU but stop sending idiots to Brussels, until we figure out why we are so eurosceptic.
Absolutely ageee there. But it has to be a real Brexit not a May / EU stitch up
And Canada is walking closer to the conservative cliff! #cdnpoli
Toshiaki Higashihara, CEO of Hitachi, explained in March 2016:
It is the only option after Vicious Right-Wing US Billionaire Rebekah Mercer's joined Russian Military Intelligence in a Tsunami of lies and hate to win #Brexit Referendum. where is the 340,000,000 pounds a week for the
Jeremy Corbyn won't enter discussions with the government to discuss Brexit unless no-deal is removed from the table - making it more likely we will leave the EU with no deal. I suspect he wants to leave without a deal, but wants to appear to want the opposite :)
If you were on death row and new evidence showed your conviction wasn’t sound would you ignore it and let the sentence go ahead or ask for a retrial? Leavers are showing desperation not confidence in blocking a 2019 deal or remain vote. #finalsay #brexit #corbyn
Julia, absolutely brilliant, couldn't have put it better myself. I will add though, if Theresa May really wants to deliver brexit &amp; defeat the idiots in Parliament, let her call a general election on the basis of a WTO exit &amp; let us help her. Just a thought.
Molly Scott Cato: The idea that we can thrive alone is phony. Patrick Minford’s projection of a £135bn economic boost from a hard Brexit is an example of the worst sort of voodoo economics...... massive fall in wages and the “elimination” of UK manufacturing.
Delighted to argue for more democracy for the British people with #RawPolitics Thank you for having me!
got told
You have no credibility, NONE. Go home and read a few books, take up gardening or hiking. #BrexitVote #brexit
Drogheda Life | Best News &amp; Advertising | Latest News | Drogheda Chamber’s Brexit breakfast briefing via
Seems pretty clear to me that there has been zero real intent by the people that matter to enact brexit from day 1? The next GE will be carnage.
What plan B?
Cracking summary of the arrogance that leads the country. The fact that these pieces continually come from outside the British press attests to how embedded the problem is, and how hard it will be to resolve.
Great!
BREXIT and Data Protection
BREXIT
That’s it Brian, Brexit is going so well, we’ve all given up.
No-deal Brexit warning for UK drivers... and what about EU Drivers coming to the UK??
Brexit: Rule out no-deal, Jeremy Corbyn tells Theresa May
"Riven by crisis, UK searches for Brexit emergency 'plan B'" -
So, the People's Vote campaign can't even beat a side relying on... dead people.
They don't have to "implement this one" they can stop art 50 and have another referendum. Because this government can't deliver brexit, so it must go to the people to decide. That's democracy for you.
The latest The Personal Injury Network Daily! Thanks to #travel #brexit
If that's the case, then she should go to the people... except that a GE brings the risk of Corbyn in No. 10 (disaster) and a 2nd ref has no question yet and runs the risk of No Deal (disaster) or Remain (great, but hugely problematic).
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said he will not hold talks with Theresa May until she rules out a no-deal Brexit. He dismissed the prime minister's offer to meet him and other...
By the skin of her teeth, British PM THERESA MAY survived a no-confidence vote - just one day after Parliament overwhelmingly rejected her BREXIT deal - It was Britain's first vote of no-confidence against a PM in more than 25 years - Brexit now will probably be delayed
I think people are getting confused with elite and somebody who is well off. The elite are the ones obviously holding our elected Mps to ransom, i can't believe for 1 second that nearly 80% of them didn't understand that article 50 is a no deal Brexit..but still voted it into law
And the second point for any talks about Brexit must be that a #PeoplesVote must be ruled in
No Deal can't be taken off the table until you actually pull your fucking finger out and help come up with any form of deal you dafty
Andrew Neil grills Jacob Rees Mogg on Brexit (16Jan19) via
No she hasn't. She's said anything's on the table except ending the Brexit process. Compromise is absolutely possible, if they're willing to negotiate. Anything else GUARANTEES No Deal.
As the so-called 'No Deal' is actually Brexit, what Corbyn is really saying is that he'll back a 2nd referendum if he is unable to negate the 1st. Labour supporters who voted Leave should take note.
You mean Tim Martin as opposed to the majority of major businesses owners who are opposed to Brexit?..
My favourite Martian said tell the politicians “Brexit means Brexit,not dealing” He knows best.
Billion quid bribe or no billion quid bribe this is going to piss off the DUP! When is the next no confidence vote being called? Philip Hammond tells business no-deal Brexit will be stopped
“May has learnt nothing” says spokesman
May: "What do you want for dinner?" DUP: "We told you precisely what we want." May: "... McDonalds?" DUP: "No." May: "pizza?" DUP: "No." May: "Indian?" DUP: "No we could not be more clear on what we want, now is the time to deliver exactly what we asked for." #Brexit #DUP
A Brexit lesson in economics for Canadians hoping to profit from anger: Don Pittis Yet the political right continues to stoke this anger for their own means.
Time to give a #PeoplesVote for a #FinalSay on #Brexit?is there really an alternative democratic solution?
#NuclearPower and #SustainableDiets both hitting UK news headlines today (alongside #Brexit). Very interesting for an #EnvironmentalPsychologist like me!
ARGH!
Brexit: Rule out no-deal, Jeremy Corbyn tells Theresa May
`I believe in democracy - but scrap Brexit’ - democracy at it’s purest....
It obviously makes sense as an opposition strategy, but right now there is a balance to be had between what benefits Labour (waiting for Tories to collapse) and what is best for the country in the immediate term (stopping/mitigating Brexit). Doing nothing risks economic meltdown.
Justice ministry: Hard #Brexit would not mean new tourist visa requirements #Estonia
Who was present and , presumably , part of the decision making process - was it Mr David Cameron ? I think it might have been ..
....all wriggling out of Brexit like snakes in a sack. The whole sorry EU experiment is based on power and corruption.
How about?
Sanna Boow, Jari Tukiainen, , Paula Röttorp &amp; Albert Danielsson have written a new blog post, "#Brexit: #Implications for Financial Services in Finland and Sweden". You can read it on the Hannes Snellman Blog!
I don’t know what Scots are you talking to. But it’s not like the SNP can do anything about Brexit, as Theresa May has ignored all the members of the Union from day 1, which is why the Indyref2 is now again on the sight.
If that's the case then there seem to be quite a few EU officials and leaders that want to make it difficult for us to leave. Trusting something that comes from this Weasel isn't sensible.
BREXIT
OPINION: Brexit - the only possible deal that satisfies no-one...
Opinions: Theresa May’s Brexit plan isn’t dead yet
Tell MPs: work cross-party to fix Brexit. Add your name now via
The state of a modern society reduced to this. Hope we all come to our senses before its too late.
Interesting parallels in the debate last night on #Brexit and implications for justice and security cooperation
What should happen next with Brexit? Enterprise Nation members have their say #Brexit #BrexitVote #BrexitDeal #ENmember
The GENES Blog: Green cards may be needed for post-Brexit UK-Ireland car travel #genealogy #familyhistory
The guardian people! The remoaners paper! Disgusting! #brexit
Thanks to the Corbyn surge at the last election your majority increased. A 2nd remainer referendum will reduce that. You don’t care because for your Blairite faction Brexit is more important than electing a Socialist Labour Government . Try Supporting the elected leadership.
EU's Fear of a No-Deal Brexit Stench Is In The Air, but May Won't Seize Upon It "That's because she doesnt want to LEAVE the EU,but Remain, as close as possible, to make it easier to shoehorn us back in as full members"
Brexit, U.S. Trade And Government Shutdown In Focus #money #business #finance
Rules of Theresa May’s Brexit “negotiations” 1. Theresa is always right 2. If Theresa is wrong Rule 1 applies #NoConfidenceVote #NoConfidenceinMay #BrexitVote
How can “far-right extremists” ‘recruit’ primary children when Most school teachers are left wing ffs. Its all just desperate propaganda to try tarnish brexit&amp;to have an excuse to call children racists. uni professors are the real problem,they radicalise students to the far left.
He can say what he wants, but he's the ALDE group's (basically progressive centrists) Brexit spokesperson and he has always been against extending A50, but he doesn't make that call, so it doesn't matter much.
Exclusive: Philip Hammond tells business chiefs MPs will stop no-deal #Brexit
I might be late. But you must discuss Hammond after he was caught denying Government options to big business. He truly is a Lord Haw Haw.
"It’s also helping retain staff in the area" retention which is insignificant compared with the hemorrhage of nursing staff caused by your support for damaging the UK with Brexit.
Its perception tho isnt it? Itll be a piss easy sell for the likes of Farage to say that the establishment conspired to block Brexit, that Brexit was never going to be allowed to happen...etc..
The latest System-Fuchs Daily! #brexit #huawei
Maybe you need to read this, maybe you don't. The world watches as we bumble through Brexit. All we know is, if it does happen, you'll need a plan. Robert Craven gives you his pointers to plan for the future. #Brexit #BrexitPlanning #Digital Agency
Is it just me or are all the figures in public life who are Remainers the ones we tend to like while those who support Brexit are generally the ones we loathe or distrust? Coincidence? I think not.
Watching Owen Jones cry as Labour’s position gets weaker and weaker is possibly the best thing about Brexit
The UK is the third largest car builder in Europe. We’re not playing at this. If you accept the loss of this as a price of Brexit worth paying you’re an idiot. If you’re promoting it from a position of influence, you’re a traitor to our nation and should be treated as such.
'The Labour leader is now at exactly the point he wanted to avoid: the moment when he has to come up with a Brexit policy which does not involve him pretending that a general election would somehow magically fix everything'.
Should there be a referendum on whether there should be a second #Brexit referendum? #PeoplesVote
Enlighten me. As a supposed remoaner why do you want to keep a No Deal Brexit as an option in negotiations?
Please keep up the fantastic work for a true Brexit, Tom. Millions of us are grateful for the efforts of patriots like yourself in all parties who are fighting to save our democracy and the freedom of the British Nations. Best of luck and good health to you. FU eu
I'm fed up with politicians. Look at the USA shutdown. Look at the Brexit mess. I think we should adopt Robert Heinlein's solution where, in one of his books (Beyond This Horizon), politicians were chosen at random by a computer. It couldn't be any worse than we've got now.
Nick 500 MPs voted to trigger Article 50 which if no WA could be agreed we would leave 29th March, deal or no deal. May's WA was voted down, not Brexit/Leave.
Another #brexit dividend. For administrators anyway.
Sick of Brexit? Tired of hearing about something we can do little about? (Unless you're a politician) All my gourds have been grown in the UK &amp; whatever happens with the EU, Gorgeous Gourds will always be British!! We will continue to grow &amp; go from strength to strength.
This is the fundamental problem - they care more about the party than they do about you and me #Incompetentorselfish?
What a Fucking disgrace this Filth is ,a Shit stain on the Labour party , A Bought and Paid for Whore to his Establishment Zionist Masters.
To be fair Corbyn did know that he would lose the vote. &amp; what he did do didn't do anything. Politics is about getting what's great for your nation as a whole. Not what you want alone. Brexit born on lies voted by people who knew nothing about the EU &amp; Corbyn going ahead with it
If you were on death row and new evidence showed your conviction wasn’t sound would you ignore it and let the sentence go ahead or ask for a retrial? Leavers are showing desperation not confidence in blocking a 2019 deal or remain vote. #finalsay #brexit #corbyn #brexitcon
Hitachi pulls out; full no deal Brexit. Mind you Britain was the world leader in civil nuclear energy until the last Tory government screwed it up. Tories; destroying Britain on behalf of the rich.
Everything that’s bad is Now the Fault of #Brexit According to #bbcnews Never Trust #UK MSM
Video report: How Brexit unravelled [ ]
#Muslim #Brexit #AFD #London Arabia was not in a period of ignorance before Islam. FREE Chapter
Ha, she lost regardless. Nobody wanted her bill, and a much harder Brexit is now almost inevitable.
The plan to grab control on the back of Brexit appears to be going swimmingly.
From today's Guardian. May is paying lip service to discussion with other parties. When it all gets the process precisely nowhere, she can then say, "Well, I was ready to talk but no one else made the effort." Well, fuck her, fuck her shitty party and fuck Brexit. #shitshow
Mate. The major thing we have all learned from this brexit mess is that our country is packed full of seriously thick people. The houses of Parliament are a great barometer for this. Why are you surprised?
can garauntee a large portion of the 17mil did NOT vote for a no deal brexit. brexit yes. no deal NO
High Priestess of Brexit... We have a fundamentalist PM!!!
The views from the little train from Lancaster to Leeds (for meeting tomorrow) are helping me recover from the conversation with the taxi driver who got me to the station, which began with him asking: ‘What do you think about Brexit?’
At 2 with Andy: Theresa May has been meeting opposition parties to try to find a compromise on Brexit
Includes my take - Gloom shrouds #UK #housing market outlook as #Brexit nears
“Incredibly dangerous and a slippery slope… it shows a weakness" says Leavers of Britain's on talk of extending Article 50 date for #Brexit #politicslive
Oh please! One of the prizes of brexit is global trade with the growing economies and you want us shackled to a declining EU. You only need to study Norway’s views - even the don’t like it!!
if we remove no deal, it weakens any bargaining power with the EU you idiot. Otherwise it’s their deal or no Brexit .
Well that's an incredibly worrying sign. Does Theresa May intend to crown herself while she's at it?
You wrote one good take on Brexit post the referendum and your employers took it down, then edited it into crap and republished with no sign post of the amendments. You continued to work there. I think we've found our simpleton.
France activates plan for no-deal Brexit: PM -
I have signed, come on people!
Intresting stuff from Mr Elstone yesterday. 9s vs Reserve grade argument is a deep question, why would one work and not the other?
As the Brexit shit show continued, I couldn’t help but wonder: were my emotional red lines causing a crisis in my relationship? #Brexit #BrexitVote #BrexitShambles #brexitdebate #voteofnoconfidence #NoConfidenceVote #SATC
Hitachi has confirmed that it's pulling out of its power plant development in Wales - "and triggers questions about future of UK energy policy" A $2.8bn write-off because of lack of investment. Investment has stalled in UK since the Brexit referendum.
After sharing his two cents about the worsening #Brexit crisis, #TonyAbbott was slammed by experts in Britain, labelled ‘embarrassing’ and lacking a ‘basic grasp’ of economics #Auspol #LNP #NSWpol #Springst
old out of date new is that the best the guardian as to ofer us on facebook better stick to the day job .
exactly. a globalist PC left-dominated Britain is in a state of extremism promoting the lies and indoctrination of ideological possession - such mind-control is as extreme as it gets, hence all the abuse for Brexit and their fanatical desire to stop it happening at all costs
TechUK members survey out this morning. Interesting view on what should happen next. 1 in 10 put "accepting no deal" as their 1st preference. Only 2pc put a GE as first choice. More than half thought there should be a second referendum.
Labour has to come out fully behind a peoples vote get rid of this cancerous government and disastrous Brexit ....
Trump's feeding big macs to athletes. The government is still shut down. Theresa May is still PM. Brexit is still a shit show. The bear market continues. Consumer and corporate debt is going to sink us all. BUT at least we have a new Rambo movie to look forward to this year.
This thread sums everything up and to be fair it’s downright scary.
The hard truth of #Brexit
So Lucy Harris of ‘Leavers of London’ has now established ‘Leavers of Britain’ within Brexit Central. So now yet another mouthpiece spouting trash from Matthew Elliott as well as the chaos vultures at 55 Tufton Street.
Calls for a second Brexit referendum grow as Theresa May fights for a new deal - CNBC - Calls for a second Brexit referendum grow as Theresa May fights for a new deal CNBC May's government survives... #NewsAndInformation
Aka Lyons Tea families post Brexit. Best you all start converting to Barry’s now, in the national interest.
No deal is THE DEAL #MBGA #WTOBrexit #Brexit
Corbyn explodes May Brexit talks stunt &amp; # 39 ;, while activists applaud a new referendum call
Another excerpt from the first print issue: Mary Holman discusses the impacts of #Brexit on the global overfishing problem...
Why let them off the ropes. He said remove no deal Brexit, they said they won't so GE call it is.
Not saying Brexit is a heart-rending tale of tragedy and loss but Adele has written an album about it.
No! We leave on the 29th March 2019!
Tragic, disastrous, stupid, inane,pig headed, self centred, misguided,pathetic tyrannical
4.) Brexit is not just about what can be negotiated with Brussels. It includes, WILL ALLOW US TO MAKE, investment &amp; real change , bringing good jobs &amp; real control to local communities. Current EU rules bolster corporate hegemony, shut off crucial avenues of investment ... 5/5 FF
UK Labour could back second Brexit referendum, Corbyn hints
So why throw away chance with ridiculous no to no deal policy? Obviously more about damaging Corbyn than interests of Country &amp; will alienate Leave voters. Surely no deal best starting point for Labour's Brexit negotiations &amp; manifesto promises? #Lexit
Intensify No-Deal #Brexit Plans After Vote, #Accounting Firms Say
Well said
This coming from the same man who is allowing the gendarmerie to put down yellow vest protests by using semi-automatic weapons with live ammunition. Very democratic.
"With Brexit, the chumocrats who drew borders from India to Ireland are getting a taste of their own medicine." #Brexit
LD Brexit policy is more in line with what Labour members want. People's Vote, SM + CU membership.
So not everything is on the table - only the bit the Tory party want to keep. Hardly a sensible approach considering the hammering the government got earlier in the week
France Activates Plan For No-Deal Brexit
#Brexit Make it hard. The legal basis for trade are already establiahed
With disappointing economic data dominating the news cycle throughout 2018, could #Europe be entering its next recession? #orbex_fx #orbex_blog #orbex_news #fx #tips2trade #fxtrading #UK #EU #Eurozone #brexit #EUR #Europe
Philip Hammond faces Cabinet backlash over no-deal Brexit as ministers say he is a 'rogue element'
Emmanuel Macron’s summation of Brexit: ‘The British people were sold a lie’ – video
Hitachi stated clearly before the referendum that #brexit would negatively impact its UK business. Its now scrapped £16billion investment in wales. Still I’m sure welsh leave voters will be happy with their shiny new Brexit 50p &amp; blue passports instead.
Kickstart your financial freedom in 2019 despite Brexit. Find out how to maximise your returns, register for our upcoming webinar here - #BrexitVote #buytolet #financialeducation
listen to &amp; stop playing playground politics with the British economy. It’s clear that the #Brexit vote was based on misinformation - it’s time for #PeoplesVoteNow
The are the only reason why Mrs May and the Conservatives are still in power. Prime Minister it is time you started listening to them.
I dont doubt that there is a moronic element in society that has responded to Brexit in this manner. But to be so blunt in her language does feel as though she tarnishes all leavers with the same brush. As i said, it is hardly diplomatic and sows further divide.
Millions of EU citizens can't access personal records, high court told #Brexit #Immigrationandasylum
. EAW Interesting reading!
The prime minister’s offer of cross-party talks rings hollow without evidence of her readiness to compromise on the substance of Brexit
If you were on death row and new evidence showed your conviction wasn’t sound would you ignore it and let the sentence go ahead or ask for a retrial? Leavers are showing desperation not confidence in blocking a 2019 deal or remain vote. #finalsay #brexit #corbyn #brexitcon
Please keep up the fantastic work for a true Brexit, Kate. Millions of us are grateful for the efforts of patriots like yourself in all parties who are fighting to save our democracy and the freedom of the British Nations. Best of luck and good health to you. FU eu
“The media will now attempt to shift the narrative, claiming that it is Labour under pressure. This is absurd. The government has just suffered the biggest parliamentary defeat in the history of British democracy.” . . . . . .
2016 Referendum: 27% voted #Leave 63% did not. Let's have a well run legal referendum and find out what the people really want now they know much more about #Brexit and it's impact. #PeoplesVote
People also want Brexit so...
Is all this Brexit stuff getting overwhelming? Don’t worry #TheNewsmakers is here to help. Here’s a little video explaining what more than 400 MPs rejected in parliament.
Do you know how much we import from the EU? We can't just start growing/ manufacturing stuff ourselves as we wait for new trade deals, and given the cack handed management of Brexit, you think this shower could negotiate a trade deal? They can't negotiate their way OUT of one!
According to the Telegraph, the Chancellor told industry chiefs the government may have to "acquiesce" to demands from Remainer MPs. He added Article 50, setting the date of Brexit as March 29, could be revoked by the MPs as an "ultimate backstop".
We have proceeded with Brexit in 2016 we voted leave
Government has wasted 2.5 years trying to deliver a Brexit that turns out to be unattainable because it was based on lies and false promises. No need for more arguments, no need for a second Referendum. Simply #RevokeA50Now and get back to sorting out the real problems
I think no deal would be the purest form of brexit. Totally out. The problem is that the government has a duty not to make people poorer and because these options weren't explained to people, people can't be expected to have understood that they would be poorer with no deal.
1) MS wraps up US bank earnings by disappointing investors. 2) Government shutdown day 27. Tensions rising. 3) Initial jobless claims coming up. 4) Huawei probe adds to China-U.S. tensions. Not surprising. 5) Brexit non sense causes gridlock. 6) Markets mixed.
I think you'll find she'll bring back her deal in the hope of scaring the MPs with no deal or no brexit with a ticking clock.
Currency analysts are as clueless about Brexit as everyone else. This is far from over, says
Brexit isn’t a Tory Brexit they’re literally divided themselves over brexit (soubry, Clarke). 30% of snp members voted for Brexit. Literally ever Leader of every party is challenging the TM version of Brexit. The SG lost at court&amp;is paying £500k over its poor handling of the case
Since the #Brexit vote we have been flooded with data highlighting just how disastrous a #NoDealBrexit will be for our jobs &amp; economy. People on the doorstep in #MorleyAndOutwood told me they’re worried of the dangers a no deal Brexit will cause. This Govt simply do not care!
I wish would realise she isn’t just the Prime Minister of the people that voted for Brexit. She’s also the Prime minister of the 29 million people that voted against it or chose not to vote at all. #PeoplesVoteNow
SAS soldier who stormed the hotel in Nairobi is a true hero! Despite the Brexit shambles this makes me proud of the UK!
You said the Labour party wants Brexit. That article very clearly proves that it doesn't. I accept the point that the party does generally support Labour's approach to Brexit, but the formal approach has not been explicitly pro-Brexit.
Jon Worth - Brexit – where now? The flow diagrams
You made a point worth addressing? I must have missed that. You're getting nowhere with me, why not apply your spotlight of truth on damaging misstatements, such as "Europe is undemocratic", or "UK problems are due to immigration", or "Brexit is in the national interest"?
Absolutely right.
That's pathetic,greed and mortgage rates are the reason. Nothing to do with brexit.
Tell MPs: work cross-party to fix Brexit. Add your name now via
Awesome. We will stop Brexit for the younger generations
#Brexit #MFGA #MAGA The Art of the Deal
Birchwood's Politics Students quiz MP's on Brexit this morning on Victoria Derbyshire. #VictoriaLive
Corbyn blasts Theresa May's Brexit talks as a 'stunt' - and refuses to back down
Yep, the PM is happy to discuss, just so long as you agree with her...ridiculous!
Should I be buying euro's now for my holiday... or after brexit has happened? Anyone any idea?
Pretty girls don't make Brexit any less ugly.
The latest Cheap Flight Experts Daily News! #brexit #kempinski
May warns Parliament will kill Brexit if her deal is voted down via
#Brexit means #Brexit means being #LedByDonkeys . . . ( )
BBC News - Hard Brexit. Soft Brexit. No Deal. What does Brexit mean?
New favourite statement: “What’s certain is that the scenario of a no-deal Brexit is less and less unlikely” (Edouard Philippe)
Thanks Caroline! Can you tell her I want a no deal Brexit. Cheers!
Markets expect Brexit to be delayed, Carney says – #Diekirch
It's not self-immolation because May didn't ask for Brexit and she didn't support it. We have a deadline. We either make a deal before that deadline or we have no deal. Pretty sound-bites don't change that.
Thank goodness #Brexit is going so well. . .
This is a brutal take down
Hmm, innovative. (Sorry, no more Brexit talk)
Nobody in parliament wants a no deal, millions of people voted to leave- the deal/ no deal, hard/ soft brexit has been created by the elite, globalist remainers.
From the newspaper that put the i in remain. THIS.
So May is facing more resignations and another defeat if she tries to stop Parliament taking control of Brexit.
I'm sure you will find this interesting after your last few days. I know is looking forward to hear the children's views on #Brexit as ethically informed citizens of Wales and the world. #successfulfutures
If you were on the BBC today discussing the positives of Brexit what would you say ?
As all of us who have Life Saving Certificates know, if you are trying to save a drowning person who is trying to drown you... a) Grab &amp; throttle them till they stop OR b) Wait till they are half drowned and can't drown you OR c) Swim away from them #Brexit
Probably appropriate to ask back to #UCL #OFOC to outline #Labour's latest thinking on the best way forward
Backs Brexit or Backs the People??? But of a contradiction as 1/2 the people voted for Brexit and 1/2 didn’t. We know where you stand MR Cable. Now don’t get me wrong I have voted for LibDem but am 1 of the 1000’s who were ignored when your party joined the Tories.
your stubbornness and inability to accept ‘your #brexit deal’ is dead in the water is directly responsible for 1000’s of companies across the UK and Europe wasting £billions in no-deal planning. Put your deal, no-deal &amp; #remain to a public vote and implement result
He hints ? Um, my dude, there’s 70 days to Brexit.
Clear thinking.
Vince Cable today refused to back Labour in any further bids to topple Theresa May as he accused Jeremy Corbyn of playing “political games” on Brexit. via
Yhu I had even forgotten about that. There’s just a crisis of leadership everywhere.
Brexit preparations going well I see. Jam tomorrow?
Leavers were right all along; Here is a prime example of hand picking leave callers who don’t know what they’re talking about to make them look silly...
You’re confusing yourself. You can’t bargain with a person, ie other UK party leaders, that doesn’t want #NoDeal by offering #NoDeal. It’s not bargaining/negotiation/ compromise...it’s threatening...&amp; makes call to work together in party interests nonsensical #Brexit #bbcnews
REALLY? How is that then as Brexit hasn't happened yet
The latest John Josef, the Journal! Thanks to #eco #brexit
I now officially and without reservation hate every single person who still supports brexit. What the fuck will it take for those fuckers to admit it's the shittiest of shitty plans?
Jeremy Corbyn accuses Theresa May of Brexit 'stunt' in row over compromise talks
"Brexit means Brexit. Brexit means lies. Brexit means racism. Brexit means attacks based on beliefs. Brexit means hate. Brexit means incompetence. Brexit means a refusal to act. Brexit means a rejection of...
I don’t want brexit but that is a bit arrogant from the French president.
This is typical of the whole #Brexit stupidity. Set a date before you even know what and if you can get there. Everything the #TheresaMay has ever done, Brexit or not, is done this way. Set a date and then vaguely decide what you want . Guess what? It usually fails to deliver.
Theresa May should never had ran for the office of Prime Minister, after the whole Brexit referendum, it was always going to be the office were political careers go to die
THE (with the hon. exception of some great individual producers like ) lurches from one editorial blunder to another. Bangs on about 'diversity' yet just pushes out the same old stale gammon nonsense. It has to stop. Where is the accountability ?
New post: "Jellyfish Pictures and other creatives join the Resistance against Brexit"
If #NoDeal is taken off the #BREXIT negotiating table to appease #GreenParty #SNP Then they will be unrealistic and inflexible with their demands to the point that no agreement can be made Result = #RemainViaBackDoor
If you were on death row and new evidence showed your conviction wasn’t sound would you ignore it and let the sentence go ahead or ask for a retrial? Leavers are showing desperation not confidence in blocking a 2019 deal or remain vote. #finalsay #brexit #corbyn #brexitcon
Ipswich Port could be ‘realistic alternative to Dover’ after Brexit
Since 3/4 MPs voted remain this new process is not a legal or democratic option. The law you voter for must be respected and we must leave in March. You had a chance to introduce a different law but chose not to. This bickering makes you a disgrace to politics #brexit
Pretty girls can't make Brexit any less ugly.
We'll all get them come Brexit.Brexiteers want wartime austerity,but,how to put it delicately,threadworm infestation was an integral part of that life.I remember it vividly,with no affection
Gloom shrouds UK housing market outlook as Brexit nears #news
Theresa May gave her Brexit speech in factory granted £429,000 by EU
Time to send in the Master I think. If he saved the John Nike Leisure Centre and Terminal 5 not to be built over Staines he can save Brexit. #BrexitChaos #brexit
Actually the two &amp; half years of paralysis, more to come &amp; the economic his so far of Brexit is, much, much worse in absolute &amp; real terms. But EU for some of the British performs a much needed psychological role. Imagine life without it. It will lead to traumatic realisations.
Weekly Comic: Markets Take Brexit Drama, U.S. Government Shutdown in Stride #news
No deal preparations more important than ever! Productive meeting today between Deputy Secretary General / Céline Gauer and + members of Danish Brexit Task Force #brexit #eupol #dkpol
UK PM pushes for cross-party Brexit consensus
DUP does not represent the will of the NI people if they support #brexit. #NorthernIreland They need to support a #peoplesvote
Great to discuss women’s developments in franchising with those deeply involved in it - , franchisors, franchisees with Ken from &amp; to top it off being held in #Housesofparliament a day after #Brexit WA rejection!
EU to ensure banks' access to UK clearing houses in no-deal Brexit: ECB #news
So what's the point?
Shouldn’t the default be #Remain? You try to Brexit, obtain the offer of a deal, the deal is no good, you remain. Simples.
Tory MP pledges second referendum amendment to May's Brexit plan
So all the other MPs will sort Brexit with the government out not Corbyn
My wife has a rare terminal dementia. She asked me to put on Twitter, that she is furious having to waste her limited time on Earth, listening to futile arguments about Brexit. Thanks.
this writing is so very delicious and excellent: "The Brexiteers, pursuing a fantasy of imperial-era strength and self-sufficiency, have repeatedly revealed their hubris, mulishness and ineptitude over the past two years."
For the last few months I've been worried about losing my #EUcitizenship as I do not want to be stranded on a fucking island.. Makes me sad that I can't simply relocate right this moment. I hope there's a transitional period after Brexit, giving us time to migrate! What a mess..
The impact of #Brexit uncertainty on other countries in a nutshell. French PM-€50m being invested in preparing French ports and airports due to "strong fears" of no-deal. The gov will hire 600 extra staff at ports, and warned that there could be longer queues to enter #France
May and her handlers plan.
Those who don't learn from the past are doomed to repeat it.
Is it possible to extent #Article50? #Brexit
Let Gollum guide you through Brexit with this "Bohemian Rhapsody" spoof.
Please, please let this be true!
We will delay WW11 until the Germans have rearmed!
UK Labour could back second Brexit referendum, Corbyn hints
Tell MPs: work cross-party to fix Brexit. Add your name now via
In search of lost Brexit: how the UK repeatedly weakened its own negotiating position
Totally agree. This was my attempt to make a positive case for revoke and reconsider. It has got a lot of support, but (as yet) has made little impression in Parliament. See
This show how he holds the people in contempt,, he should be dropped as leader of the opposition
I am nearly 70-i will out live all her disgusting words about me-I will see Brexit DONE ONE WAY OR ANOTHER and see the bright future for my children-as a man once said-at least I will wake up sober-you will be still a ugly disgusting and heartless soul.
Taiwan objects to Britain's post-Brexit WTO services trade arrangement - Reuters
If i had to guess, I'd suggest she went hard Leave and stuck fast because she was a known Remainer and wanted to leave no doubt she had committed fully to Brexit. Appointed all the lead Brexiters to key posts too. But Leavers still won't accept that Brexit is a pipe dream.
It's pro-Brexit propaganda no better than RT or Pravda. #PeoplesVote
Trouble is they all want different Brexit , &amp; they are all up there own arses for there own egos.
Aye you did. You abstained failed to show up dithere Abstained some more Spoke empty platitudes n consistently backed the tories on Brexit. You really believe People don`t notice this duplicity? If you do. You don`t deserve to govern.#dissolvetheukunion.
Unless the question put forth is for a Scandinavian style customs union that gives the UK some immigration controls but also troubleshoots, inter alia, the Irish border, this would be a waste of time.
Obviously going to be excellent, but feels quite close to Four Lions in its theme? I'd love to see him take on Brexit
Once again, this clown sees himself as a better opposition leader than Corbyn. #FBPE: Who’s the enabler of a Tory #Brexit now? #NoConfidence #NPDF
At an industry Brexit meeting and I think 90% of the people here just sat fucking around on their phones. Including me. The glamour of the City.
A good article showing the complexities of a possible second referendum and the consequences of not thinking through the first one properly.
If you were on death row and new evidence showed your conviction wasn’t sound would you ignore it and let the sentence go ahead or ask for a retrial? Leavers are showing desperation not confidence in blocking a 2019 deal or remain vote. #finalsay #brexit #corbyn #brexitcon
Look I have total respect for your opinion. You have the right to it. But this is something that will change our lives for a generation. Brexit must be stopped while it's still possible- no matter what was voted in 2016 it is the 'will of the people' 2019 that should come first!
Brexit: Two Years Later | Editorial
Labour must pursue a new Brexit deal, not a second referendum | Owen Jones
It'd be to deliver the result SHE decided, and nothing else. Theresa May isn't willing to compromise, and that's the problem in this entire Brexit process.
Opinions: Theresa May’s Brexit plan isn’t dead yet
New: MOD has ordered Army Reservists be put on standby for a no-deal Brexit. Will enable Reservists to be called into permanent service, if necessary. Order made under the Reserve Forces Act 1996 will be effective from February 10.
"A hard Brexit... poses the greatest risk of mecantilism the UK has seen for a century". Me on the big risk free trade supporters of a 'no-deal' Brexit are taking, for myself:
Tell MPs: work cross-party to fix Brexit. Add your name now via
Even with such alteration the agreement would still be unacceptable. There are many clauses within it which limit UK freedom of action which was the whole point of Brexit. As the saying goes: leaving means leaving.
That's already been done, thanks to brexit
BREXIT BOMBSHELL: Terrified EU to be forced into MAJOR CLIMBDOWN after May defeat
Corbyn has missed the boat on the second referendum. I can see the Tories moving towards it over the weekend, and he'll be left holding the Brexit baby: a bad look for a so-called progressive.
You are a complete fool Corbyn. You have been anti-EU your whole life and you are coming out with this crap! WTO rules is Brexit 100% and that's what we voted for.
This is why Parliament must conduct Brexit negotiations and settlement. None of us voted for this!
You said that last time too, Gidiot.
It has taken more than 30 months to shift from “Fantasy Brexit” to “Reality Brexit.” The difference, after vitriolic debate that has consumed British politics virtually to the exclusion of all else, is stark
It was nearly a year ago. You're peddling scare stories when it suits you in order to avoid Brexit. Why shouldn't the Calais chief do the same in order to focus minds?
BBC News - No-deal Brexit warning for UK drivers
l always wondered how a remainer was going to negotiate the deal fairly. David Cameron was a coward who walked 'free' and left us in this mess.He's kept a low profile ever since! We need a Brexit M.P to negotiate terms.The EU don't want us to leave as It will cost them dearly.
Perhaps you'd care to comment on this 'journalist' gleefully counting off dying #Brexit -ers &amp; being replaced with newborns, she assumes, who will grow up to be #Remain -ers.
Which people? This sort of repetitive statement makes it sound unanimous. But last time I was on a street stand only two people in four hours said words to that effect. There were others certainly who argued for Brexit, but the majority disagree entirely. #BrexitShambles
BREXIT: Lib Dems refuse to back Labour in votes, blaming 'Corbyn's political games' /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Yes. This is true. Without a withdrawal agreement, there is no transition period and the UK crashes out with no deal. And the attendant risks to food, energy, medicines, clean water supplies. It is literally the most extreme version of brexit available.
Box prepares for Brexit with new U.K. cloud zone #metabloks
Watching that PowerPoint press conference, bielsa could negotiate a brexit deal
"With Mrs. May’s cabinet, the country, political parties and Parliament all hopelessly split over how or whether to carry out Brexit, Britain’s political universe is imploding and so are its political norms"
"All the debate has come up against a stubborn fact: Brexit is damaging to the British national interest"
You forgot Sis.Anger. #Brexit is, after all, at its core, a bunch of boys behaving stupidly. [ ]
wants to destoy this country. She is delusional and dangerous. #TheresaMay #GTTO #Brexit #GeneralElectionNow
Stop acting like a child, it’s not all about a election, help get this mess sorted and put your own Political career on hold for a few months for the sake of the country that voted to leave please Mr Corbyn !!!
Eurosceptic Tories react to #Brexit deal defeat with proposals for A Better Deal and A Better Future
A #NoDealBrexit taken off the table. A #SecondReferendum. A #GeneralElectionNow. The #BrexitDeal vote. A #Peoplesvote. The #NoConfidenceVote &amp; now another #Vote on the January 29th for a new plan. We are fed up with these constant votes. #Brexit #BrexitShambles #Brexitdeal
WHAT A 'PLEB'
People like Anna need to understand, if the UK is kept in the SM or CU or Both ?.If Free Movement continues and we cant make our own trade deals BREXIT WILL NEVER GO AWAY !. It will come back but 2nd time we WON'T trust the main partys !
If you were on death row and new evidence showed your conviction wasn’t sound would you ignore it and let the sentence go ahead or ask for a retrial? Leavers are showing desperation not confidence in blocking a 2019 deal or remain vote. #finalsay #brexit #corbyn #brexitcon
Tory voters: are you happy with your purchase? #thenastyparty #jonathanpie #youtube #brexit #tories #ukpoli #videos
Absolutely amazing
Dozens of business leaders urge May, Corbyn to back 2nd Brexit referendum #TheresaMay #JeremyCorbyn #BrexitDeal #BrexitVote #withdrawaldeal #TerenceConran #TerrySargeant #UK #Brexit
With you there Femi. That is giving up ALL control.
...but this will only create an even worse fudge of a position on #Brexit.
That isn't "correspondent". That is "spin", aka #FakeNews or disinformation designed to destabilise and split the Labour party Imagine how bad a second referendum will be when they do this for six months, day in day out, and censor the internet to stop people countering it
#Brexit. Considering how misleading some of the information told the #people in the first #Referendum, a #second is a requirement, to really know the 'Will of the People', properly informed
Put Trump in charge of fucking Brexit
Sounds a very good idea to me to uphold DEMOCRACY.....
The most frightening this is that this guy, who is clearly an undefeated champion in the annual Inverness mad as fuck competition, speaks no more gibberish about Brexit than the fuckwits in charge of delivering the thing.
Theresa May #Brexit dreaming
Option A - meet May, insist no-deal comes off the table then come out and claim a big win when she refuses to do this. Option B - refuse meeting and allow all the old Hamas, Hezbollah etc stuff to re-surface and influence public opinion. Huge loss. Who advised Option B? #Brexit
Brexit Who's next?
HSS - Brexit: The views from Queen Mary academics - Queen Mary University of London via
Last forex news
Yes but Brexit means Brexit ... Leave means Leave lol
How can SMEs who aren't currently exporting allay their fears and make the most of their 'Made in Britain' reputation? What impact will BREXIT have on exporting? Join us on Thursday, 24 January 2019 at 11am to learn how to maximis…
And seemingly no end to the uncertainty in sight as an extension looks inevitable to avoid a hard Brexit. Lives and livelihoods hang in the balance and it feels like the two votes have changed nothing as far as the political realities.
they truly understand the devastating impact of the trashing of their freedoms - their future - it is in our hands #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy
Anyone fancy going to the Winchester? #Brexit
The #Grexit assumption obviously made under the assumption that Greece was an independent state which is only in paper as the Greek establishment is long ago sold out to the higher bidder. #Brexit #NoDeal #debtocracy #debtcolony #odiousdebt #eubreakup
Can those people come up with a plan to salvage Brexit before March 29? If not, then deciding based on their “outrage” is a foolish suicide pact. Revoke, have a cooling off period, and maybe the Brexit project can be restarted on a rational basis (if there is one).
Extending or revoking Art 50 would not be an abandonment of Brexit it would be a total BETRAYAL of the Referendum, the people and Democracy of the United Kingdom
You’re confusing yourself. You can’t bargain with a person, ie other UK party leaders, that doesn’t want #NoDeal by offering #NoDeal. It’s not bargaining/negotiation/ compromise...it’s threatening...&amp; makes call to work together in nations interests nonsensical #Brexit #bbcnews
Seen a Romanian family this morning with panic attacks over Brexit. They have lived in the U.K. for 4 years. Receive no state benefits and contribute to London. They feel unwelcome and expect to be evicted. #BrexitShambles #PeopleVote
Brexit The uncivil war Obdarowani
He must be replaced, no loyalty in politics!
cue Dad's Army gifs
"A no-deal Brexit definitely means more bureaucracy, not less." Smarten up. Brits. CANCEL BREXIT. Stick with the EU. Don't risk another blitz.
#Hammond puts a hole below the waterline and signals total surrender to the EU by taking an advantageous #WTO #Brexit off the table And he still has a job ? What is going on here ? Does this prove that May really is just a stooge of the EU
Conversation with my colleagues just led to an interesting potential #brexit scenario: 1. TM tweaks deal, represents to Parliament, it fails 2. A50 extension bill presented, it fails (Labour, hardline brexiterrs / DUP don’t support) 3. Labour wins no confidence vote
If you were on death row and new evidence showed your conviction wasn’t sound would you ignore it and let the sentence go ahead or ask for a retrial? Leavers are showing desperation not confidence in blocking a 2019 deal or remain vote. #finalsay #brexit #corbyn #brexitcon
Odd I never saw that on the back of a bus ... Not a vote winner I suppose But lying and promising the moon is, creating a climate of faux agitation helps. Not that you give a monkeys. You should really skulk away in embarrassment the damage you have done .. You
Is this why doesn't want a #PeoplesVote ? There is NO MANDATE for Brexit
Whatever happens, Brexit is bad news for young housebuyers
How a Playwright Made Sense of Brexit via
Not sure what to do? Don't let Brexit uncertainty delay your company's growth. Using finance you can avoid high-risk cash outlays but get the IT equipment you need today!
Wishing Macron “good luck” escaping the guillotine
What was it May was saying earlier? "Now is the time to put national interest first"
Is moving to WTO trade terms a bad idea? As the possibility of a no-deal Brexit looms, we weigh up the trade options for Britain.
Support for Remain highest since referendum, Brexit poll finds
Exactly. It’s a new empire in the making and it is doomed to be pulled apart by centrifugal forces
#Nigeria #news #foreign - BREAKING: Theresa May must 'ditch red lines' on Brexit -- Opposition leader
The point is probably just to blame the other parties for not offering solutions, so the Tories don't get all the blame for a No Deal exit. Stupid strategy that wastes everyone's time. Sadly that also describes May's entire approaches to Brexit.
Quick Read: No-deal Brexit warning for UK drivers #safetravels
The BBC, a supposed impartial news organisation, despite receiving funding (bribes) from the EU doesn't actually report on EU proposals for more power grabs... #Brexit #bbc #quislings
May battles to keep Brexit (London)
Warnings from across the pond, because we all need a distraction from Brexit from time to time.
Theresa May is failing and the fact she won't rule out a 'no deal Brexit' shows she is not willing to compromise; despite suggesting she was willing to compromise. #NoConfidenceStill #GeneralElectionNow
Fair point ?
'Industry expresses pension concern following Brexit vote'. Take a look at what #7IM Terence Moll had to say here - article courtesy of
I like Corbyn, but he does baffle me lately. Even if he sincerely believes that Brexit is necessary, why would he think that NOW is the time? After Theresa May spent 2 years negotiating a deal only to get it rejected by Parliament, the EU aren't going to shrug and renegotiate.
Watch research associate on discussing the EU’s Brexit strategy:
Do you think journalists are bored of Brexit yet?
I think this is what Britain gets instead of what that they voted for. No Brexit but Martial Law
OK so that was a #fail - time for a #PeoplesVote plus #OptionToRemain it's the #onlywayforward on #Brexit for #Chester #weavervale #nantwich #crewe #EllesmerePort
Now we finally know what Brexit involves we have every right to vote on the options (including Remain).
About time they got on with the job and realised how bad Labour our in their lies tricks and games!
#Norway plus #Idaho Geddit ? #Brexit
Great! Now bring us the GE! We are Hungry for it and we are Ready for it!
The big Brexit forecast: what will happen to house prices in 2019?
Standard says 56% now.
Too Little, Too Late? Contingency Planning for UK Nationals in Case of a No-Deal Brexit #Brexit
Lol not a single like for the unionists. Minority. That's what you are now. In fact that's what you have always been. How ironic that Brexit has assured Scottish independence.
This is May's chance to keep all her red lines and give a few bribes or blackmails to opposition leaders. The Deal from Tuesday will get a new lease of life without change. BBC News - Brexit: Theresa May pushes for cross-party consensus
This doesn’t mean leaving the EU without a deal is a good plan
Oh fuck off, you intoxicated, handsy, little shitegoblin
Since Parliament is overwhelmingly Remain and wouldn’t know what the national interest was if it burned down the Palace of Westminster, this means that Brexit is now dead in the water. "Cvil war coming then I fear. Such a betrayal wont be taken lightly"
This is a must. Let the motion at conference lead the way.
Pointless but I’ll just leave this here. And before you say “that’s just an opinion”, can you show me JRM or Farage’s economic analysis on how a no deal brexit will affect the economy in a positive manner?
Quite and they have been which is why the government is proceeding with Brexit
Yerrss fuck the Tory scum
The latest The Gordon Barker News! Thanks to #teamwork #brexit
But surely it’s undemocratic and a betrayal of the people and the first vote to have a second vote on the same issue? #brexit
The only party to give you a true Brexit no deals no back stops no divorce bill. Get behind England's only nationalist party that will put the country and it's people first. Please share.
Welcome to the Age of Brexit Open bigotry thuggish brutality &amp; unashamed nasty I left my island homeland, for the EU PS: But really you don’t look 50s more likely 25esh !!
The mess isn't solely because of FTPA. You can't tie a motion of no conf to another issue any more but we could have another GE and end up right back here 6 weeks later. We can still have a GE. It won't change that all 3 Brexit options are "bad".
Gollum Decodes Brexit Shambles With 'Bohemian Rhapsody' Spoof - HuffPost
Box prepares for Brexit with new U.K. cloud zone #technews #techgeek
Independence off the back of the material change caused by Brexit. You might be willing to have all sorts inflicted on your country, others have a right to protect it from the awful damage. I know who I think is doing the *right* thing....
Fed up w/ #Brexit + 2Party squabbling. Could it be that forcing coalition result in election might be way forward? #politicians would then have to prioritise national interest over power. #thinkingoutloud
OK so that was a #fail - time for a #PeoplesVote plus #OptionToRemain it's the #onlywayforward on #Brexit for #Chester #weavervale #nantwich #crewe #EllesmerePort
the nonl iberal space is to fight for reform ( you need to be a member for that ) and disobedience or you can advocate lexit ( so hard brexit ) but you need to be honest about the direct economic consequences and support the economic and political cost . You need to defend a
Brexit in a nut shell
Please keep up the fantastic work for a true Brexit, Andrew. Millions of us are grateful for the efforts of patriots like yourself in all parties who are fighting to save our democracy and the freedom of the British Nations. Best of luck and good health to you.
This is the level the Remain campaign have sunk. Counting the deaths of the elderly. Where is the outrage? #Brexit. Is this the gentle side of Labour?
These Remoaners will go to no-end to frustrate Brexit but wishing people dead is the pits. I also disagree with her assertion
Go that brave further step Phil...and stop brexit fully. Most businesses don't want it.Agreed, most MP's do apparently...but they don't pay our wages and they will still receive their bloated salaries either way right..??? Most of the rest of us DON'T.........
She is obsessed with #brexit and want to cross the mark 29th March 2919 at any cost. Even when was Home Secretary brought at laws against Eu nationals
Brexit chaos exposes UK's diminishing clout on the world stage via
Looks like Parliament is finally waking up. - May's dictatorial powers are being cut by her own party - Her attempts at 'running down the clock' continue - Hardline #brexit MPs plans now being curtailed Who needs an Opposition party? #Corbyn redundant !
The level of incompetence by Fine Gael over Brexit is off the scale. Its like watching a...
If the plebs didn’t vote for brexit we wouldn’t be in this mess and he would still be PM of a stable country
Not defending Corbyn or the vile actions of any terrorist organisation, simply saying, we need to solve our problems now, not regurgitating the same old rhetoric, otherwise we get nowhere. Let’s sort Brexit, rather than character assassination , leave that to the GE.
I don't think May is capable of building a consensus. She is too tied up in her own red lines, fixated on her own empty rhetoric, and doesn't listen to what is said by others.
Brexit ruling elite motivate their maids &amp; nannies to spend their day off 'protesting'. All Johnson Mogg&amp; Fartrage had to do was waive the Home Office phone no. under their noses.
just googled brexit n wow british ppl are rlly fussy
Oh just fuck off with this endless drivel. We are leaving.
There is no new Brexit deal - shy is that so hard to understand?
Army reserves to be called up to handle no deal Brexit #BrexitShambles #BrexitMeansBrexit #Governance without care for the common people. Driving the nation over the cliff #Brexiteers r definitely in denial of #facts #FactsDontCareAboutYourFeelings
Waiting for Brexit to be over like...
So it begins ... What next? Martial Law? Curfew ? No meetings of three or more?
let them go then, ones like Rudd, shouldnt even be there anyway…..
Two-faced devils at work. #SimpleSimon #BilderbergBottomPresenter #Bilderberg #NWO #DantesNinthCircle #NinthCircleSatanists
Interesting parallels in the debate last night on #Brexit and implications for justice and security cooperation
Ouch for Corbyn
This rag loves a centrist.Even a poundshop one.
Stocks falter on Brexit, US-China tensions -
Brexit LIVE: 'Treacherous' Hammond's plot to WITHDRAW Art 50 and block no deal - REVEALED
Only conclusion to reach: Tom Peck appears to suffer from auditory hallucinations, and is therefore not a reliable source of opinion or information.
“Until the Labour Party accepts the need to challenge anti-immigrant views head-on, it will continue to talk nonsense on Brexit.”
The only drivel is in the link you posted #TrotOff
Nope. it'll be a few angry gammons continuing to be angry. The polls show there really isn't any appetite for Brexit any more. That's basically the only two points you repeated answered.
Is she talking about her music?
The problem with brexit is that the government are treating it like a party political issue.. its something that affects the UK as a whole and we need leaders that unite under bipartisanship to have a common goal moving forward.
It does make you think what the Betrayal "Plan B" will be
Running down the clock to put the frighteners on those who feel that a no deal would be disastrous. Hoping that they will vote for her deal other than what she says is the alternative. I would love to know how much this Brexit farce has cost.
Rt much appreciated #runnersofinstagram #charities #London #Brexit #t1d #diabetes #goodcause
Some good Brexit stuff coming out of at the moment...
Yes it did. There was months of debate. The question was in or out &amp; implied in that was Leave means Leave. It's the politicians trying to twist it into a partial out. The current #Brexit deal isn't even an out until the EU says so. It's a joke. A clean break is the only option.
Brexit – Why Investors Across the Globe Should be Concerned via
Very good quizzing, a pleasure to take part. Good Luck in your A Levels tomorrow!
Sad day when our EU partner can see the issue more clearly than our leaders appear to.
'The British political class has offered to the world an astounding spectacle of mendacious, intellectually limited hustlers.'
If #NoDeal is taken off the #BREXIT negotiating table to appease #GreenParty #SNP Then they will be unrealistic and inflexible with their demands to the point that no agreement can be made Result = #RemainViaBackDoor
UK / BREXIT / JANUARY 16TH 2019 OPINION POLL: #BrexitWatch
Tactical leak?
Interesting Forum post re #Brexit - company asks staff to 'vote' with a 'clear winner'...
. listen to your party members. Acknowledge the crime of undermining British democracy that #Brexit is. #StopBrexit
So pre conditions before you are prepared to try and sort out the mess of Brexit,well done nippy you idiot.
Brexit: Conservative MPs launch push for fresh referendum as one admits ‘we created this mess’ - The Independent
My own “no deal” preparations: studying for Life in the UK test needed to apply for #naturalisation. Much as a enjoy studying British history, I wish #Brexit was not the reason behind it. looking forward to your event later on today.
UK tech firms favour second referendum as next move in Brexit stalemate
But they don't want those who pay UK tax &amp; deliberately left out to have a voice. #brexit is bent from start to finish and will never be a success for that reason unless a clean #peoplesvote on any possible deal against remaining. This is NOT a 2nd IN/OUT referendum at all. #FBPE
There'll be no let-up for #foodbanks As now pensioners are set to lose out with the latest changes to #UniversalCredit
Push the loose canon overboard. #brexit #nodeal Philip Hammond faces Cabinet backlash over no-deal Brexit as ministers say he is a 'rogue element' via
They are both useless, so they should both go! It's time for a real change, time to look forward and pull together as a nation, it's time to deliver what was voted for, it's time for #Brexit
Getting rid of PIP and Universal Credit would be a big help as well. #indyref2
With #Brexit in a complete mess and the nation realising the ineptitude of the Prime Ministers Deal, it is only fair, reasonable and correct for us - THE PEOPLE to have THE #FINALSAY! It’s time for a #PeoplesVote! #NewProfilePic
What brexit option would be put in a 2nd ref #PeoplesVote if both Theresa May's crap deal&amp; #NoDealBrexit have already been ruled out by our Sovereign (Parliament)? Is there enough time for a PV anyway? Also,Executive are only ones who can action one? The PV makes no sense #GTTO
Embattled British Prime Minister Theresa May won a confidence vote on Wednesday and averted a general election, a day after her government suffered a historic parliamentary defeat over her Brexit divorce deal with the European Union.
David Davies was the Brexit secretary, an arch Leaver. Why didn't he implement the deal Leave promised? He was the person best situated to do so.
As long as she has only written it and doesn’t start to produce it, record it it shout ( her version of singing) it, then frankly dear I don’t give a damn! MM
Justice &amp; Politics is out! #brexit
Just like in any war this country has ever fought in we will never back down to threats, they have tried every trick and threat in the book, #Brexit we won’t backdown.
4. Gov. took a no confidence vote to remove TM. she survived it. 5. The primary reason BRexit came about was around immigration- similar argument happening in the US. leaving the EU also has economic problems that could crash their economy’s and weaken their global standing 2/2
So he’ll keep the Tories in government and No Deal Brexit on the table? Sounds legit.
To be fair, we abandoned them following the Brexit vote.
pankaj mishra on brexit, imperialism &amp; british elite: “Humiliations in neo-imperialist ventures abroad, followed by the rolling calamity of Brexit at home, have cruelly exposed the bluff of what Hannah Arendt called the “quixotic fools of imperialism.” As partition comes home...”
Femi, he's trying to run down the clock and is more pro-Brexit than May. If we don't face this fact, we will lose and not get a #PeoplesVote. Corbyn is the enemy.
It’s just a rehash of a statement from November which similarly failed to move Brexit forward. Corbyn knows the EU will never agree to giving the UK a veto
Hi have you any idea what EU manufacturers, growers, exporters think about difficulties trading with the UK should brexit become a reality?
The government is intensely relaxed about #hitachiproblems just like they were about #Brexit. #WATO
Collective insanity. A few days ago he wasn’t remainy enough and secretly angling for no deal Brexit. Now he’s taking too hard a line with an administration that has said it won’t rule it out. Collective intellectual bankruptcy. They can’t get past their hatred of him
So all the other MPs will meet the government to sort Brexit out but not Corbyn sounds like he putting the country first then
We elected him. #Brexit
Awww... Then get your head out from up your arse. You'll be surprised what you see. It makes perfect sense. WTF do you Brits care about our border issues anyway? Thinking you have enough of Putin's handiwork to worry about with Brexit. #sTROLLalong
I never applauded anyone for anything. I did say ruling out a no deal brexit is stupid for negotiating. It's not all about being on one side or the other you know
Something important a lot of people seem to be forgetting. It’s not just about the UK. #brexit
Neither could I, but I won’t vote again if they don’t implement the result of the referendum in full. I’m also a Tory member but Brexit trumps party this time and always would as it’s likely forever!
Am sure we tweeted this a few days back, but with #Brexit raging on, there is a warning to all UK driver in the event of a No-Deal Brexit. #DGTWheels #YourThoughts (News from )
Interesting piece, but there isn't actually a Brexit deal that can be negotiated surely. A Brexit where Britain is actually better off is fiction.
Horror movie : Brexit road
Read #Patients #BREXIT
Brexit: i believe that people has voted for brexit, but regret it now. You are bull shit #Brexit u have no brave to change and May already do her best to work after the vote result. I cannot believe UK be better if they still in EU. As u are all want to stay in comfort zone.
This is very good. A short read too, for you busy lunchtime browsers....
The latest The StracheyConservation Daily! Thanks to #twitterstorians #brexit
An unarguably prominent feature of th referendum debate/vote was th choice between,1) UK retaining its pooled global trading power with th EU, while tolerating objectionable side-effects, or 2) UK quitting that combined package, &amp; setting its own course. UK chose to Leave.#brexit
Seeing that other party leaders are conversing with #TheresaMay, if #JeremyCorbyn is sincere about #Brexit, but wants her to ditch red lines, shouldn't he do the same, ditch his and start talks – even though there is little hope of agreement. But miracles do sometimes happen!
More Wealthy Europeans Are Leaving the U.K., Movers Say
Brexit: Twitter feeds worth following:
Yep Macron certainly knows how to nail Brexit, especially when he's not nailing his own citizens for daring to oppose him. Really you think this guy is a worthy showpiece for how brilliant the EU is?
Businesses asked thoughts on 'no deal' Brexit - Latest Council News - Oadby and Wigston Borough Council
The latest Brechtel's Daily! Thanks to #brexit #archiv
“Britain is governed by a self-involved clique that rewards group membership above competence and self-confidence above expertise. In #Brexit, the British '#chumocracy' has finally met its Waterloo.”
Well thats not at all concerning
You are not human
Please keep up the fantastic work for a true Brexit, Matthew. Millions of us are grateful for the efforts of patriots like yourself in all parties who are fighting to save our democracy and the freedom of the British Nations. Best of luck and good health to you.
THE COUNTRY WILL NOT VOTE FOR THAT IDIOT PRO BREXIT . Seems only a SECOND GE defeat will convince you of this FACT. Bloody deluded idiots.PATHETIC.
#ThursdayThoughts BBC News - No-deal Brexit warning for UK drivers
#wato absolutely livid with principled stand not to get in the snake pit with May unless No Deal is off the table . So he must have called this one right #Brexit
Theresa May is the abject representation of the Glass Cliff phenomena.
he nonl iberal space is to fight for reform ( you need to be a member for that ) and disobedience or you can advocate lexit ( so hard brexit ) but you need to be honest about the direct economic consequences and support the economic and political cost . You need to defend a
Polls are wrong look at brexit and trump for just 2 example’s
President Macron has echoed what i stated about Brexit! People of UK have been sold a lie, something that is impossible has to be delivered! You will not/ cannot have a Brexit! EU will never give you a good deal! They cannot lose great country!United you stand!divided u fall!
It would be outrageous if the political elite stitched up a referendum with no sovereign Brexit choice. People would have to abandon democracy and move to more extreme methods to make their voice heard.
You mean a no-deal Brexit won’t be the end of the world after all!
Here's how your MP voted on #JeremyCorbyn's #NoConfidenceMotion #Brexit #Rdguk
If you were on death row and new evidence showed your conviction wasn’t sound would you ignore it and let the sentence go ahead or ask for a retrial? Leavers are showing desperation not confidence in blocking a 2019 deal or remain vote. #finalsay #brexit #corbyn #brexitcon
I know, incredible. Seems they’re a protected species. Sneaky, smug buggers. Grayling is a buffer to protect May, that’s why he is still on the payroll. Raab &amp; Davis were only fronts for May, she was demonstrating how important Brexit was with a dedicated minister. Empty shells.
I see voting for Brexit has helped he Welsh economy!
Tell MPs: work cross-party to fix Brexit. Add your name now via
And does a wonderful magic act of misdirection- no, no, don’t look over at France- look over here at the UK
What would a no-deal Brexit mean for the property market? #property #brexit
Box prepares for Brexit with new U.K. cloud zone
Who do you blame for the #Brexit “crisis”?
Don’t rely on Germany to solve Brexit, it doesn’t need to help Britain | Alan Posenor
Since brexit is a Tory project, and a Tory cockup, why does the Labour party feel obliged to honour the result of the referendum?
'Brexit' scriptwriters admit they have no idea how to write season finale -
All true.
I don't know what the legal implications are but the Scot Gov should be looking at blocking this move. This is a bank has no loyalty to Scotland and Scot assets should be safeguarded until outcome established. It also sounds as if a cleanout of the banks snr staff is necessary
A voice of reason. Good article. #Brexit
NEVER HAPPENED.
How a Playwright Made Sense of Brexit
The new brexit coin !
Elite Tories don't know shame. If they did, they wouldn't be #Tories. This is not new but a very old story. However now it's so obvious to *all* but Brits who are consciously ignorant and have serf souls. #Brexit manifests the old British ruling elite's moral bankruptcy.
I think this is a very valid point
So, its poss to have a 2nd vote but not for Brexit??
"Get your EORI number" - Words of advice from Tom Thornton of IIFA speaking on a panel on Impact of Brexit on Manufacturing Industries in Ireland. #IrishManufacturingExpo
Oh please, you've been watching Dark Knight movies again, haven't you? I know Batman feels guilty for not being able to solve both of the Joker's victims, but he's not ACTUALLY resposible, Ian. That's the Joker.
BBC News - Brexit: Theresa May pushes for cross-party consensus Surely this should have been the starting point 2 years ago?! #pissupbrewery
A semi-Brexit, with just England and Wales leaving the EU, is the solution | Kim Lane Scheppele
The whole of the Establishment is the problem, puppets of the globalist elite. Now is the time for real change. We need a party of the People for the People. Brexit in full with No Deals and to start putting the people of Britain first! WWG1WGA #YellowVestsUK
Absolutely. The problem of BREXIT is the vote was won by presenting fantasies as real. It was never going to work, it will never work, because it is based entirely on fantasies. The people pushing it need to grow up and leave their fantasies behind.
Stop posing and posturing and start performing on behalf of the whole country. Your extreme Brexit views are at the base of all these problems. Stop lying about no deal being no problem for a start.
Tell MPs: work cross-party to fix Brexit. Add your name now via
What does Brexit mean to you? Comment below.
#TheresaMay as a child. Never, ever, trust vicar's children. #brexit #thursdathoughts #BrexitShambles #leadersmeet
Theresa May has delayed the vote on the deal, misdirected the country on the Brexit impact reports, is refusing to back down over her red lines and is threatening the country with a no deal. Corbyn not meeting the PM is not the issue here. Our Government is.
Uh- “Brexit principles?” Like terrifying and impoverishing an entire country? What aspirational goals.
Those wanting a second vote on Brexit and the folks with Trump derangement make it evident that the Left rejects the democratic process .... unless it favors their agenda
From Ireland, to India, to the Middle East, causing intractable geopolitical problems is what the British ruling class *do*, Brexit is not an anomaly, it’s what the British have always done
#Brexit Leaving the EU will never be more profitable than being a member whatever you hope.
The latest The DarkestAngel Daily! Thanks to #brexit #peoplesvote
So you're always prepared to talk, except when you're not. Got it. Stay principled, Jezza.
try being an turkish army
Completely agree with this.
The British media is a disgrace, in the eyes of the world. Not just in mine, or anyone who wants a social-democracy in this country. It's truly breathtaking how far they have diverged from their profession's code of ethic. #GTTO
Stop hinting and just back the bloody thing for God’s sake
Bernews: Column: Theresa May’s ‘Plan B’ Brexit Options #Bermuda
Brexit explained-
Who's up for this one?
Absolutely brilliant thread!
Toynbee's Logan Run take on Brexit &amp; British politics.
Day 17 of 2019, I am still waiting to hear about a celebrity sex tape leak instead of #Brexit (Not meant in a pervy way) all because I like to see celebrities squirm with worry. #celebritynews
Or the fact you claim to be a politician
There’s a misconception that if you voted for labour in 2017 you support Brexit.
Still bemused how any one with an ounce of commonsense can expect PM to take no deal off the table. It would be ludicrous to take #NoDeal off the table. MPs need to stop asking for impossible. #BBCNews - Brexit: Theresa May meeting MPs 'to seek consensus'
Totally agree!!!!Impartiality is an unknown quality....
Sums you up. You're campaigning for an election as though you won the confidence motion. You should be sat around the table discussing Brexit. One thing is for sure - if you're not there your voice isn't heard. The Country won't thank you for it. Disastrous opposition.
Then on their heads be it!
When listening to the debate on #Brexit on #BBCWatO I'm left with the impression that either the politicians can reach a compromise proposal or a further referendum may be held with an uncompromising decision of No-deal or Remain. This could be damaging but may prove inevitable.
Offsetting the Brexit gloom, Stoke-on-Trent #Pottery firm Portmeirion smash their #export targets with record revenue | via
You sneering little toad Frei! All the things to question him on, u choose that. Wow U must be so desperate to discredit the man that upset the establishment apple cart, Why don't u get Mandleson on. U could question him on his alleged mortgage discrepancies instead of Brexit
Think yourself lucky Stephen, some of us have had to come up with 30 months of #Brexit jokes.
Meanwhile I'm still flabbergasted an English person loses it over cuppa tea! Had never believed it, just asked to drink a tea with us. No sign that would be a wrong suggestion, said nothing else wrong I think, nothing new. Just like Brexit...acts 1 way, doesn't say what is wanted
The UK is a joke
Brexit.
i have perfect, informed opinions on Brexit that are absolutely correct but the Church of England has coerced me into silence
If she does ask for an extension, she would be well advised to look at the EU's interests. Extension needs unanimous agreement from the EU-27. They will each look after their own strategic interests.
And with the worst leader of the opposition in history ...
Corbyn quote (hinting Lab shd fight new referendum on ‘reform and stay’) “Can’t go along with idea that it should simply be a rerun of what happened in 2016 “There has to be a discussion about the options that we’ve put forward [Lab’s Brexit ‘plan']” You have been warned !!
No-deal Brexit would see the UK left to the mercy of vultures. May's deal would see the UK left to the mercy of Conservative ideology. A people's vote is no guarantee of anything but a continuation of chaos. General Election is THE only way forward.
BBC News - Brexit talks: What does the DUP want?
Tory MP pledges second referendum amendment to May's Brexit plan
Labour Leader Jeremy Corbyn gets the date of May's historic Brexit defeat WRONG
In light of the clear and obvious Brexit black hole rapidly emerging, I have taken it upon myself to resolve the 'Irish border problem'. I have scoured the world for examples of innovative and practical solutions to border issues. One such solution is 'The Moat'. THREAD
Truth doesn't come out of any lies lies lies!
The hope is that the fear of no deal brexit the inability of getting another deal means there is no option
That we need to stop Brexit and the immense resources being wasted on this disastrous project and whole heartedly embrace our EU membership. We need to start telling the truth about it's benefits and start working on fixing our nhs/social care and inequalities. #StopBrexit
Femi doesn’t work or pay taxes.
I think with all the #Brexit talk (utter shambles) we could all do with a bit of light relief - regardless of your preference.... And no one asked you to comment or watch, it’s a matter choice
And Vlad couldn't be happier
Politicians it seems are a bit like football administrators. Will take any deal right up to the last minute when they’ve had lots of time to get it sorted #Brexit#transfers
“A Fight for the Soul of Britain”: Theresa May’s Brexit Deal Goes Down in Historic Defeat
Everyone is blaming May and yet wasn’t it David Cameron that came up with this Brexit idea and then he jumped ship?
#Brexit After all this over, one way or another, we need to seriously how we get a properly functioning parliament with competent MPs. That I suggest will be a bigger challenge than resolving the current shambles!!
Why is your Leader not in the PMs office leading the way in these Brexit proposals? Nah he's swanned off to Hastings for a day out with Diane. This could have been his moment to show his true statesmanship potential. Instead he trots out the same old crap.
If people of UK don't want to leave brexit then why u r forcing them to leave..... I couldn't understand your policy...
The creation of a moat border and 'cross-community' drawbridges will drastically reduce the risk of 'accidental illegal immigration' - a subject already the subject of a BBC documentary examining the effects of Brexit along the border
What would a no-deal Brexit mean for the property market? #property #brexit
Tony Blair on #bbcr4today said of Teresa May, keeping No Deal on the table is like trying to negotiate with someone who threatens to jump out of the window as their bargaining position. #Brexit #Labour #BBCR4
With Brexit a complete mess there has never been a better time to get involved with the #PeoplesVote campaign. If YOU want to make a difference where you live and help make the case for taking this back to the British people sign up &amp; get involved below.
Certainly an interesting read.
Please prove the statement that “overwhelmingly the British people want to get on with delivering Brexit”. Given what Brexit has been proven now to offer us and the change in demographics since the vote, we all know that isn’t true. No more lies. People’s vote please. Now.
They're running down the clock in till we crash out with no deal. That's the worst of the worst options and its time Scotland moved to a political defcon 1 Ministers tell May: Let MPs decide on Brexit or we'll quit
Brexit chaos looms after Jeremy Corbyn rejects Theresa May's call for talks via
It would be easy for May to take “No Deal” off the table - send a letter to the EU asking them to accept revocation of A.50 at 11pm on Brexit eve if the UK parliament hasn’t passed the withdrawal agreement.
From the NYT on Brexit
This.
As a core voter you are killing the party Back brexit help deliver it its what #TheVotersWant
Tell MPs: work cross-party to fix Brexit. Add your name now via
Good to see at last providing a more balanced account of the #Brexit debate, giving airtime to the "Remain" alternative to No-Deal or May-Deal on today. Thanks ! You put many of your colleagues to shame.
disgusting tweet - but even by your own logic, you're old and voted remain - i'm less than half your age and voted for brexit you deluded clown
Read it and weep
Softer Brexit option would cause Conservative party to ‘explode’, Theresa May is warned
May will stick to Brexit 'principles' in cross-party talks, says No 10 - nothing changes will mean a repeat of Tuesday's defeat.
Absolutely every single word of this. And then some.
"Humiliations in neo-imperialist ventures abroad, followed by the rolling calamity of Brexit at home, have cruelly exposed the bluff of what Hannah Arendt called the “quixotic fools of imperialism.”"
Hi Laura, maybe a silly question, but if there was a count of all MPs who will never vote for leave come what may, could any type of Brexit actually ever get passed by the current Parliament?
A democratic vote can only be considered democratic if the information that the vote was based on was factual and honest. The Brexit campaign was the opposite of that. A fair number of the 52% who voted to leave voted because of deception. Can you really not see that Chris?
And brexit is going to be a disaster anyway
I agree, 80% of people voted for me to make my own laws. After all Brexit means Breakfast!
What the brexit elite's domestic staff are 'encouraged' to do on their day off.
Letters: Brexit must be left to the public now
The first referendum have shown what a challenge Brexit is to deliver, and some of the long-term impacts the UK’s departure from the EU will have. If given the chance, they won’t commit economic suicide
Brexit means having to accept the entire youth of Eastern Europe with no tools to control or limit the impact.
she is the one responsible for negotiating Brexit, she has failed
&gt; Taking the #BREXIT divorce analogy a step further: On March 29th the EU will find their stuff on the front lawn.
Mrs May's "Deal" was not a deal, just a long note about how we would talk about getting a deal. It was rejected by determined leavers AND determined remainers. #CleanBreak
the translation forgets to mention that this speech only concerns PEACH. #macron very scare in the event there is no agreement ! Can we beleive that GB, 2nd powerful country in the world, will be starving in case of no agreement ??? Europ much more losing than GB !!!
The Latest: Germany says Brexit extension can be considered
A semi-Brexit, with just England and Wales leaving the EU, is the solution | Kim Lane Scheppele
How hard is it to push a button and change channels? If Brexit/news is your bag take that nanosecond to do it! Seriously, there are more important issues in the world.
Deviously playing games with all our futures is an absolute disgrace..... Again for the few
Can't help but wonder how #Brexit would be going if we'd voted in a Prime Minister.
remainers will put 1) No Brexit 2) Mays Deal 3) No Deal Brexit and leavers will put 2) No Deal Brexit 2) Mays Deal 3) No Brexit so basically *everyone* is voting for May's deal. It shouldn't even be an option, given it was thrown out by Parliament. Machiavellian indeed
Love how everyone’s blaming Corbyn for shutting the door on May. Well if you all wanted him at the forefront of Brexit then maybe the public should’ve elected him and the Labour Party. The man is not a scapegoat
Push the loose cannon overboard. #brexit #nodeal Philip Hammond faces Cabinet backlash over no-deal Brexit as ministers say he is a 'rogue element' via
The latest #Mad Brexit (West of Scotland Mix)
Opinion | The Rudderless West
I had hoped this would have led to a general election. With every party in parliament now against Brexit; the 52% of British voters supporting independence would turn to UKIP.
BBC News - Brexit: Theresa May meeting MPs 'to seek consensus'
Sticking to your principles is less admirable when one of those principles is xenophobia. No one supports you or your plan, Teresa May: RESIGN!
in each case corbyn is looking for an outcome that moves away from militarized conflict.... the tory govt wants to put soldiers on the streets in the event of no deal brexit
Might be time for a pre-Brexit trip to Costco for vast quantities of tinned food.
(&amp; Corbyn) voted to trigger article 50, to withdraw from the EU. He did so, knowing terms &amp; effect of art 50(3) - no withdrawal agreement in 2 years &amp; UK is out: no WA, no deal. How can he say that he will block that for which he voted?
Brexit news latest: Support for staying in EU hits highest level since referendum as 56 per cent say no to Brexit | London Evening Standard #ETC
Overheard in the jacuzzi in an upmarket Essex town, “For me the only answer now is we leave with no deal”. Real people want this now and are fed up with Brussels #BREXIT nonsense.
Biloxi (MS) Sun Herald: Airports, customs, trade: Europe preps for a chaotic Brexit . More #Aviation #news -
And I personally don't believe May will ever give a Section 30 order to Scotland. Because the rUK need Scotland's resources more than ever, post Brexit.
I'm sorry, but I disagree. Much better for him to have a accepted talks, then come out &amp; refused further talks because of her intransigence. Another tactical error. Either that or he wants Brexit?
Great interview from , as always
Thank you Heidi, time for MPs from all parties to work together to end the Brexit chaos. No version of Brexit comes close to being as good EU membership, and most are very very damaging.
Hammond has an eye on his political future..........totally two faced. Unfit to be our Chancellor.
'Brexit' scriptwriters admit they have no idea how to write season finale
The leave option is May's deal. That is the negotiated Brexit. No deal was never mentioned as a possibility during the campaign and should be ruled out on legal/safety grounds.
You and the “impartial” BBC need to talk to Gerard Batten over Brexit Neill. Do you really think we can’t see through the MSM’s deliberate blanking of UKIP in this matter? Are you afraid?
First-time buyers shrug off Brexit saga as Help to Buy Schemes encourage more to get on the ladder
EU Ready to delay Brexit till next year 2020? WTF
British Prime minister Theresa May is meeting MPs to try to find a way forward for Brexit, after her slim victory in yesterday’s no-confidence vote.
With the brexit fiasco in full swing it is time to examine if the Tories can get anything done at all. Yes their nuclear policy is a bad one and I am...
“Chris Grayling, the least appealing ferryman since Charon...”
Just love this interview :-)
Nothing to do with your Soulmatey...This Morning you mentioned 'Why do people watch Porn instead of having Sex?'....ahem!..friend of says 'You don't have to tell it you Love it,after wards,and can go straight too sleep'...also a lot less messy...He said..
This is what a hard Brexit will do to our manufacturing industry in Wales
Maybe she was against Brexit because you have to be rich or stupid to think it’s a good idea?
". . . 432 to 202. Mr. Speaker, that is not a mere flesh wound." --Tom Watson #Brexit #May #Resign
Video: Barnier destroys claim Corbyn can't renegotiate Brexit - "EU immediately ready" via
It's time for a #GeneralElectionNow
At least you are prepared to meet the PM,for that alone I congratulate you
Which is why the brexit referendum was held in the first place. Unfortunately Theresa May grabbed power and here we are now!
What this guy says!!!
Does this mean some people might finally have actually read Scotland's Place In Europe. Oh well only published 2 years ago now.
Absolute genius #Brexit
when you take one too many swedgers and someone asks you about brexit
The definitive omnishambles of all ominshambles...
Have some Brexit cheer on us... 50% OFF everything until Friday -
The only way to make sense of the migraine that is Brexit is to identify the interests that lie behind them. Look past the parliamentary gridlock and the political grandstanding to the bigger structures that lie beyond...
Macron: worry about the French Political situation: and the burning of your own cities: you have enough to be concerned about without trying to tell Britain how to resolve. Brexit
A general election is what we need. EU can be best dealt with by removing the Party that caused Brexit chaos from any talks. "2nd vote would leave Conservatives in power - and would only result in us all being back arguing in this position - but after a long and costly delay.
Suck it up buttercup that’s the way it’s always been .. Or do you think we are only dying n breeding due to #brexit
Billboard campaign reminds voters of MPs' Brexit promises
We need a Labour govt more than Brexit to reverse the fundamental problems in this country, Brexit is a Tory policy that will inflict further austerity into the middle class ther has been a clear transfer of wealth to the wealthy from the poor
Britain faces election in WEEKS to solve Brexit chaos, William Hague warns
Consequently, we have produced several documents to aid member planning and preparation for all manner of Brexit eventualities, including No Deal and we have just made available in the member section of our website:
Mr Corbyn we voted to leave not for a deal therefore no deal is a option!
I’m not! Is the withdrawal deal what you voted for? That might be how you feel but not sure what facts you’re basing that on!
If this (presumably soft Brexit) WA wins Ref2 then it must be open to Parties at future GEs to get a mandate either to take us further away from the EU, or indeed closer or to rejoin. Thus only red line in new WA is that it should not bind Parl for more than, say, 5 yrs.
The whole of the Establishment is the problem, puppets of the globalist elite. Now is the time for real change. We need a party of the People for the People. Brexit in full with No Deals and to start putting the people of Britain first! WWG1WGA #YellowVestsUK
I'm not dead. I voted for the long term, though. I won't be around to reap the long-term benefits of Brexit, unlike millennials.
(BuzzFeed):Here Are Some Shows That You Should Be #Watching To #Distract You From Brexit : When the news gets too much, here are some shows that can help you temporarily forget that it is even happening at all. View Entire Post › ..
The EU have been preparing for a No Deal Brexit for a long time now, they don't want it but are prepared for it. Also saying you are willing to self-immolate in order to burn the other side a bit is not a good negotiating strategy.
Theresa May survives a vote of no-confidence after Brexit defeat via
Sad news on new build nuclear at Wylfa in Anglesey. More disappointing to read 'The government said it had failed to agree terms with Hitachi.'... Without all the Tory in-fighting an Brexit chaos could more have been done to help secure the build, jobs and UKs energy security?
what a load of shite. Brexit means the restoration of the right to self-determination and survival of what remains of your national identity. I am sure the worlds largest and most successful empire will find a way to survive. The sky is not falling down.
'Enough is Enough.' How European Media Responded to the Brexit Deal Defeat
Why is everyone who's against a second #Brexit referendum completely ignoring the fact that the first vote was a Russian influence opp?
Argh. Stop calling it a 2nd referendum. I know the first one was before I was born, but we've already had 2 and if we have another one it will be the 3rd #brexit
Hundreds of reserve troops put on standby for a YEAR in case they’re needed for No Deal Brexit
16 big predictions about 2019, from Trump’s impeachment to the rise of AI #SmartNews
Of all the depressing things I've read in the last 30 months, this is near the top. We're at the point of 'compromise or cliff edge' and May still won't compromise on anything substantial?
HOW CAN YOU TAKE NO DEAL OF THE TABLE JUST IMAGINE HOW THE EU WILL NEGOTIATE WITH US JEREMY CORBYN IS A FULL
Brexit deal defeat makes 'softer, later' exit more likely: Goldman Sachs
Are you worried about the property market in light of Brexit? If the number of first time buyers keeps on increasing as it has done, there is nothing to fear; read our latest article about the record high number of first time buyers
You have a last chance before #Scotland gets a new independence referendum. If that happens and they leave, Tory rule will be permanent in England. Time for a #peoplesvote with a #Remain option
Anything goes, when it comes to Remainers eventually getting their way.....If the final achievers the outcome of Brexit being 'null &amp; voided'. Half truths, lies, slander &amp; wishing death on people is all 'acceptable' in their World. Morally Corrupt.
Ditto ... I am only keeping up my membership in the hope of a vote for a party leader .
So the question is, are the SNP standing in the way of a good deal or standing to support Brexit with the best deal available?
A major conference, ‘Beyond Brexit: The Future of Ireland’, described as the “most important constitutional gathering in a generation”, will take place in Belfast’s Waterfront on Sat 26th January. All are welcome to attend this momentous gathering organised by Ireland’s Future
Brits in Spain see glimmer of hope in UK Brexit vote drubbing
Really sad to feel it may be time to start stocking up in advance of the pointless self-harm that is #Brexit. Please revoke #Article50 and stop #Brexit #Brexit benefits no-one and will make the UK weaker, poorer, smaller, duller
Must be nice be wealthy in the first place, and having wealthy supporters too. Brexit really is proving to be a project by the rich for the rich, isn’t it?
What the actual f**k? Is anyone monitoring the irony meter on #Brexit because it must be on the verge of exploding! And Remainers are accused of undermining democracy for seeking to clarify the result of a narrow referendum win paid for with Russian money? Mrs May is no democrat!
Proud of the Lib Dem’s taking a firm stance on encouraging labour to back a #PeoplesVote. For too long labour have let this government get away with their appalling organisation of brexit, if labour are not going to take a tough stance then we should.
Yes, this is a brilliant, shaming article.
Oh, fuck off you useless waste of oxygen. Make a stand for once in your miserable life.
No-deal Brexit to cost Amsterdam region €1 billion
If there is a No Deal Brexit I have discovered it will cost me £5.50 PER YEAR for a permit to drive to/around Europe on holiday. Per person-a nightmare if you share driving. Worse you can only get them by queuing at the Post Office....every year
BREAKING: French Government Activates Plan For No-Deal Brexit
The latest The Marketing4U Daily! #brexit #security
Nearly all of these issues and more besides have already been sorted even with a no deal brexit, do keep up!
Corbyn would win a No Confidence Vote, if May agreed to stopping No Deal &amp; Tory Party split (not a bad thing in itself). But who wins majority in GE &amp; could they push Brexit even hard Brexit &amp; refuse a #PeoplesVote? #StopBrexit then General Election.
Polly is 72 !!!
That depends - if just getting on with it turns out to be revoking article 50 and cancelling Brexit, let’s do it.
You've LOST respect! Support for politicians PLUMMETS as chaos reigns - SHOCK EXPRESS POLL #brexit
The path towards a Brexit resolution remains strikingly unclear, but one thing is certain: firms with high exposure to the UK market are taking it on the chin. &gt;&gt; by #SaxoStrats #Macro
The path towards a Brexit resolution remains strikingly unclear, but one thing is certain: firms with high exposure to the UK market are taking it on the chin. &gt;&gt; by #SaxoStrats #Macro
The path towards a Brexit resolution remains strikingly unclear, but one thing is certain: firms with high exposure to the UK market are taking it on the chin. &gt;&gt; by #SaxoStrats #Macro
The path towards a Brexit resolution remains strikingly unclear, but one thing is certain: firms with high exposure to the UK market are taking it on the chin. &gt;&gt; by #SaxoStrats #Macro
The path towards a Brexit resolution remains strikingly unclear, but one thing is certain: firms with high exposure to the UK market are taking it on the chin. &gt;&gt; by #SaxoStrats #Macro
Time for a #PeoplesVote plus #OptionToRemain it's the #onlywayforward on #Brexit for #Chester #weavervale #nantwich #crewe #EllesmerePort
Weather I agree with you or not, right now I don’t trust the LibDems and I certainly don’t trust the Tories May and her party has made a right fudging cockup of Brexit, and now we are supposed to trust you because your talking to her? She will do anything to get her deal passed
Theresa May survives vote, but Britain remains in Brexit deadlock
They say it’s political games because we can’t win a confidence vote A few months back they wanted us to call one they knew we couldn’t win The Lid Dems are against Brexit Now they want to prop up the party that delivers a hard Brexit Can’t make it up
Whilst bitter Remainer rebels daily hinder the Brexit process. Brexiteer's fight to uphold democracy. May must now focus all attention on transferring EU law into GB law. Those in Parliament who are against 'no deal' should not have voted for Article 50 and the Withdrawal Act.
The path towards a Brexit resolution remains strikingly unclear, but one thing is certain: firms with high exposure to the UK market are taking it on the chin.
Which of course is why she never did cross-party talks before. She's too stupid to realise that telling everyone you won't change your mind is not the best negotiating stance...May will stick to Brexit 'principles' in cross-party talks, says No 10
Andy Serkis does Theresa May as Gollum singing a Brexit-themed Bohemian Rhapsody and it's weird and very funny
Brexit news: Support for Parliament PLUMMETS as chaos reigns - SHOCK EXPRESS POLL | Politics | News |
. can you please take off the table?
#WATO Listening to latest BBC on #Brexit It's clear: 1 BBC has a strong tendency to jump on , 2 corbyn right to rule out no-deal, 3 yet again corbyn manages to make it all about him. Not helpful.
She also lit the fuse that led to Brexit. See also: trillion-dollar Sovereign Oil Fund, Norway.
But joining the table to discuss the path forward with Brexit would be a fine place to start, considering that's the pressing issue.
The same can be said with the UK wide population who voted remain. The Scottish Governments proposing compromise as much as it's advocating 'no Brexit', which shows that both sides are being accounted for in some way.
Great piece. Goes to show that the mindset of the British never went away and how they always make a mess of everything.
No deal brexit is enshrined in law as the official UK default position for Nick Boles amendment to succeed would need further legislation for it to be enforced
#TonyBlair fears a #Corbyn gov for many reasons, One the #Iraq war inquiry will be reopened, Two #leveson2 will take place, Three, Corbyn will reign in on the tax avoidance of his rich mates, Four he will cancel Richard Bransons takeover off the #NHS, and many more #GTTO #Brexit
May will stick to Brexit 'principles' in cross-party talks, says No 10
Got to pay for Brexit somehow! Disgusting.
UK: we need your #Brexit plan B Government: time is not something I acknowledge
Laura Kuenssberg delivers the BBC narratives on Brexit. They ignore the wider range of voices.
Normally #wato fails to report important Brexit issues because they report other trivial stories. #wato
I don’t understand why just because #Corbyn met with the IRA, Hamas and Hezbollah he should be required to meet with the Tories to discuss #Brexit Of those four organisations the only terrorists I can see are in the Conservative Party #JC4PM2019
Steptoe is in Hastings today. #Brexit
The #ConfidenceVote last night left us no further on from our latest #Brexit Brief. So what now?
The whole of the Establishment is the problem, puppets of the globalist elite. Now is the time for real change. We need a party of the People for the People. Brexit in full with No Deals and to start putting the people of Britain first! WWG1WGA #YellowVestsUK
take taxes off people and claim it's to defend the country and then put an army on stand by against the people who foot the tax bill. Sounds just great. Who would ever question that?
"What's the latest on Brexit?"
A perfect accompaniment to excellent book on the Brexit folly, methinks.
a brilliant commentary on the inevitability of brexit mishandling + imperialist hubris by pankaj mishra . my a level history notes sent to say “thank you.”
When your 9 year old gets panicky about Brexit because her teacher tells her she wants it to happen and she voted out..... but she disagrees with her teacher.....
Yet you question the leadership of someone that seeks assurances that a No Deal Brexit be removed from negotiations before entering into discussions. How odd.
Support for Remain highest since referendum, Brexit poll finds
NO they’ve done that
My first item of Brexit themed spam! #refrigeration
Think the PM is asking parliament for ideas on a Brexit deal to fulfil the referendum so no point asking for a people’s vote because that is not shaping a Brexit deal. Teamwork makes the dream work.
Can’t believe it
Didn’t the towering statesman &amp; brexit genius Iain Duncan Smith recently promise that not a single job would be lost as a result of brexit? should ring him up &amp; ask for an explanation about the Hitachi decision - perhaps they hadn’t heard of IDS’s promise
The Malign Incompetence of the British Ruling Class - NYTimes : perfectly written, and this without any malicious pleasure as the EU has to do many things different and better !
Davide Giacalone on Twitter
The why actually is this: The UK doesn't know what it wants, the country can't even decide among themselves. The EU offered the best it could but people like you will never be satisfied anyway. Time for no deal Brexit then, but your lot will still blame the EU in the end.
Time for a #PeoplesVote plus #OptionToRemain it's the #onlywayforward on #Brexit for #Chester #weavervale #nantwich #crewe #EllesmerePort
France is Imploding due to this "Rothschild Bankster". Who Gives A Flying Fuck what this Prancing Little Puppet Says, France doesn't Trust Macron Why should Anyone else???
But I will speak to Hammas.
Good to see if #Brexit politicking is deeply depressing
Imagine the #Brexitdebate being about another government policy like expanding airports.Would you have those opposed to expansion in the room trying to decide the policy? No. So why are those who voted against leaving the EU best placed to determine policy?#BrexitShambles #brexit
Giant posters featuring quotes from prominent Brexit politicians are springing up around Dover, reminding them of the time they promised leaving the EU would be oh so easy.
Oh Hard Cheese! Brexit SHOCK: Legal advice to Government RULES OUT second referendum
France triggers €50m contingency plan in case of no-deal Brexit
'Plan B' Brexit vote in UK parliament set for 29 January.
#Brexit and we keep on talking talking talking ... It will influence economy. #travel #culture. #UK #Europe.
Brexit update: Theresa May pushes for cross-party consensus.
Can you deal with this now, please. This is a clear breach of Labour Membership rules...
The Latest: May meets with Welsh political party over Brexit
This is a business post NOT a politcal one. As we face even more uncertainty around Brexit, how many of you feel deal or no deal, brexit or no brexit your business will be affected? Are you spending time and money planning for a No Deal Brexit?
Are you worried about the property market in light of Brexit? If the number of first time buyers keeps on increasing as it has done, there is nothing to fear; read our latest article about the record high number of first time buyers
Europe prepares for no-deal Brexit via
Here's why this CIO thinks Brexit is good for investors
Huge show today! We'll discuss the nomination of Bill Barr as Attorney General and latest developments in the Russia investigation with former U.S. Attorney . We'll also discuss the #Brexit fallout with . Haven't subscribed yet?
BBC News - Brexit: Theresa May meeting MPs 'to seek consensus' #Brexit #EU
IMO it's crucial for our democracy &amp; social cohesion that this Brexit process end 1 way or another on 29/3. Either we leave with no deal or withdraw Art 50. Please let's drag it out no longer.
A crooked brexit is in jeopardy! We cannot allow a dismal brexit to take place!
#Brexit can't be the excuse for omitting important news stories! It always has or deliberately eschewed them, partly for political reasons. #bbcpm #wato
Brexit Now its the 29th JAN what next 29th FEB, the word not stubborn its intransigent May is not going to change a thing so its No Deal No Food No Milk No Medicines, Kent a lorry park all of us sacrificed on the alter of I(MAY) am right and as nanny know best
he knows that but if you think an impending no deal is a disaster you put forward the options -He is a Remainer as Corbyn is a Leaver -but to go back and offer options or even a softer Brexit requires negotiation working across parliament he we do that better
The argument could be better presented but it is interesting that the Tories are pursuing a no compromise Brexit for the 17.6m and making it very clear they do not care about the 16.0m who are no longer "people". Given the demographics that is a brave medium term call.
Our country our Brexit they are there to serve us
New: The Deliberative Society and the Paradox of Political Engagement by John Gaston #Brexit #Corbyn #politics
BBC News - No-deal Brexit - the data dilemma #Brexit #ICO #DMA #DataProtection #GDPR #UK #Business #EU #Data #Technology
Your party is a disgrace for agreeing to back up the tories during this constitutional crisis. #Brexit #NoConfidenceMotion
Wow. And some people want us to believe Brexit is a revolt against the elite.
Theresa May survives vote, but Britain remains in Brexit deadlock
Wales was always going to take the biggest hit on brexit.
Are you insinuating that Israel and Theresa May will form a military dictatorship to enforce Brexit?
My opinion though
It’s a bad look for ITV, BBC, and Sky if the leader of a political party in Britain has to go to RT to get interviewed. Shows that they are trying to not give UKIP a voice.
Possibly Starmer was in meetings about Brexit this morning? Unless we know diaries, it’s kind of hard to say what the strategy is, surely?
MPs to vote on Brexit plan B on 29 January Sent via
With the uncertainty around Brexit affecting some businesses’ abilities to access talent, speaks to about developing staff internally to address skills shortages &amp; why #HR should focus on personalised career development pathways
#Muslim #Brexit #AFD #London 'Nothing to do with Islam' Really?
. : The vote showed if just 10 MPS voted the other way, May's government would have collapsed. But that does not mean Corbyn has nothing to lose in these inter-party talks.
Still trust the Tories Leave voting folks?
Why is everybody saying this is disgusting? It’s simply a fact that people have died since June 2016. Dead is dead. Brexit is Brexit. Both largely meaningless because it presupposes all those who have died voted leave and all those who came of age are remain.
No don’t take it off the table. Do shut up we are leaving on March 29th as it’s law, with or without a deal. Just because you are too spineless to believe in your country, it doesn’t mean you can betray democracy. NO DEAL BREXIT MUST HAPPEN!
The latest The darryljames Daily! #hot100 #brexit
British Prime Minister Theresa May scrambled to put together a new #Brexit strategy with cross-party talks after MPs sparked political turmoil by rejecting her previous agreement with the #EU
if you read the replies to this message, you might see that your lecturing, arrogant tone is exactly what pushes a lot of people’s buttons. Quite frankly #GreatBritain will do well either way, but If you want a softer #Brexit back off. #EU
Cancel Brexit.
May should alter the text of her transition deal which relates to the backstop, so that the UK can withdraw unilaterally after 2 years. She should then deliver it to Barnier and place the ball in his court. The new deal or no deal.
And constructive partnership – the European Union came at the very uneasily in Britain. #brexit #ukpolitics
Looking to invest in #property in 2019? Our CEO, recently penned an exclusive article for to discuss why, despite inevitable #Brexit uncertainty, there are still significant opportunities on offer for property investors in the UK
The Brexit Puzzle Part 1 (Indian Media) #Brexit #UK
Beginning to look like Theresa May is now losing control of her own government.
All going well........
And if say remain lost again would you go along with it and leave the EU ...... Would you hell you'd throw your toy's out again and want another vote Why do we even bother voting then? #Brexit #PeoplesVote
How do you turn the polarizing and exhausting mess that is Brexit into a riveting drama? spoke with about how he pulled it off with "Brexit: The Uncivil War"
Treasury yields fall amid worries over China's economy, Brexit uncertainty #Jan17th
Not 1 person, 10, nor 17 million are justified in making someone apply and pay to stay in a place they were lawfully inhabiting. Fair use of democracy does not include the treatment EU nationals received - so no Brexit that does this or worse to them should have even been tabled.
Once this Brexit bungle is finally sorted devolved Shire counties or Regional Devolved parliaments r needed in England so individual areas have more direct control of there areas ! Then Parliament can be both balled as a tourist attraction as we would be left with no more than 50
So which news channel ID reporting this ? ? ? ? Guarantee none of them. Too busy speculating about Brexit when they actually know nothing.
Sounds like how people see the Labour policy on Brexit. A choice between 2 very soft Brexit parties. Hardly letting the people choose.
The whole of the Establishment is the problem, puppets of the globalist elite. Now is the time for real change. We need a party of the People for the People. Brexit in full with No Deals and to start putting the people of Britain first! WWG1WGA #YellowVestsUK
The ICP is like New York’s version of Brexit: you can’t do nothing but no one agrees on what you should do
Making a film for about history and #Brexit - lots to say (and promise I won’t squint on camera!)
Thank you Sarah Wollaston. Please get on board, Jeremy Corbyn. We want a People's Vote. #brexit #PeoplesVote
Inflammatory and inappropriate language. Have you learned nothing?
Jeremy Corbyn like petulant child throws his toys out of the pram because he didn't get what he wanted. The PM job. It shows where his focus is. Not to help the process of brexit or no brexit.
#Brexit – and the uncertainty that surrounds it – will continue to have a dramatic effect on the financial markets of the UK, Europe and beyond. Via
Labour Party lead by a multimillionaire property magnet? Buys up properties &amp; converts them into MOP’s? Every leader from John Smith back would be spinning in their graves #PartyOfTheWorkingMan? Not!
I actually have better things to do than finding you loads of evidence you have already dismissed. I get it, you worship him. And that wreath was just resting in his hands etc But if he could get us out of this Brexit mess I'd vote for him. But all he has done is prop up May
You Brexit, you bought it.
- Scotland told voting No, secured place in EU - Told we were equal partners in UK - Scot Gov have been ignored throughout Brexit process &amp; by extension, so have voters - Scotland voted remain Like Sturgeon or not, all of the above is fact. Mandate for #Indyref2 is ironclad
Macron is right. I see the same from my Australian viewpoint.
Yep. But I’ve been feeling that since the Brexit vote. Starting to take steps to protect myself!
What EU migrants stand to lose as #Brexit looms. Analysis by
I voted remain and I agree with every word Mrs Gee says. Be wary Tory’s are running down the clock to simply STOP A GE. This has fck all to do with rescuing her brexit fckbucket deal. Both Tory’s and dup are losing voters like a tsunami
Ever wondered why the tories would like to shut down RT? #Venezuela #corbyn #JC4PM #YemenCantWait #Brexit #noconfidencemotion
Stay and create a better EU.
The referendum was the most stupid of ideas possible. How can you vote on something when you don't know the facts? Instead, the vote was won on the back of lies and cheating. Nobody can agree what Brexit should look like. Your opinion differs from other Leavers.
NEW: #BREXIT failure and Theresa May’s political fate, Gillibrand and the Democratic 2020 candidates, ‘s radical agenda, and more! SHARE &amp; LISTEN here:
This thread should become essential for all future historians who wish to get their heads around Brexit
His performance be the only thing foreign audiences will remember from this historic #Brexit week. #orrrrrrrder
I liked a video CNN Analyst's Accusation BACKFIRES, The Trisha Paytas Controversy, Brexit, NYT
No. They are not that smart. Its their hubris, bolstered by having the weak T May leading Brexit. They are in denial of the referendum result, and believe they can stop the UK leaving. They can't.
This is a readers panel survey you absolute bawbag. It carries no weight whatsoever, why the fuck are my taxes keeping you in a job?
Based on #intelligent guesswork, here is a few things you need to know about how #Brexit could effect you!
Business has been clear they want to avoid a messy and disorderly Brexit, the prospect of such a scenario has already lead many firms to enact contingency plans
#BREXIT means the U.K. self-destructing.
You have to be one stupid brainwashed moron if you are now blaming Corbyn for the Tory's Brexit mess and this was not Mr's May's deal it was her Tory cabinet's deal. The government can't deliver brexit so it must go back to the people. We need another referendum. That's democracy
If you live in the North the last 20 years have been a calamity for you. We are ready for Brexit, I don’t think the elite a ready for us plebs not getting what we voted for.
It wd be a way forward and I think NO Brexit would win!
Box prepares for Brexit with new U.K. cloud zone: Box has launched a new cloud zone that is based entirely in the U.K., as the Silicon Valley giant gears up for the Brexit bulldozer.
Larry Elliott makes a simple point. #Brexit is disruptive, and the UK is in need of disruption. However this plays out, the one option that must be off the table is a return to the status quo of a political and economic system that fails so many people.
As the partisans of the Good Old Cause used to say, Who will rouse him up? #Brexit
If #Brexit is a divorce, why do we continue to try and get a deal that means we have to keep sleeping with our spouse when the world awaits? #LeaveMeansLeave #WTO #Sexit
Hitachi abandons construction of a nuclear power station in a blow to the UK government amid its #Brexit drama
The EU has driven Britain to Brexit The EU has left Sweden with paralysis The EU has turned France into a police state The EU has driven the German economy to recession The EU ignores sPAIN's fascists The EU is now going to starve the world's poorest The EU's an abomination
So why is anyone bothering to talk to her. Time for a change at the top?
And she has what I agree may now be the only solution:It’s terrible that it has come to this. But there it is. Only a general election can now save Brexit. "Disagree. More than one way to skin the cat that is MP treachery I suspect"
This is the best fucking thing I’ve read on Brexit: the chumocrats - an astounding spectacle of mendacious, intellectually limited hustlers.
This was announced on the eve of Tuesday's Brexit vote, an untrustworthy Govt. Benefit changes for older mixed-age couples 'could cost some £7,000 a year'
Not all, but some have been directly caused by it, some have been due to others being caused caused by it, and if the economy was in a better state the none Brexit issues would be lessened.
Seafood Fears Over no deal Brexit | Commercial Fishing | Seafood by #brexit
Already tried and tested with Ford Motors in America. It would work in the UK as well.
1. Devastating takedown of the British ‘chumocracy’ in today’s NYT. Much of it sad,y prefigured in their chaotic exit from India as the empire crumbled.
Prediction. #Corbyn will get his GE &amp; or #PeoplesVote when the #DUP give up on the PM The PM wont compromise so JC will call more no-confidence votes One will stick - when DUP throw their toys out the pram More chaos to come #BrexitShambles #Brexit #BrexitVote #Labour #Tories
17 Jan 2019 Today's Economic &amp; #Commodity #Futures Perspectives admin's picture admin 0 Sterling sees support from low expectations for hard Brexit on March 29 Fed's Beige Book finds strong labor market but higher risks Redfin reports big U.S....
Anything goes, when it comes to Remainers eventually getting their way.....If it finally achieves the result of Brexit being 'null &amp; voided'. Half truths, lies, slander &amp; wishing death on people is all 'acceptable' in their World. Morally Corrupt.
But Brexit is largely about turning the UK into a tax haven for these sorts? It can only be tackled at the EU level by all the countries working together....
it is like the dead horse she has been flogging has been taken to the glue factory and she is sniffing it under the illusion it is still there she is completely barmy if they stop Brexit this country will be in more deep shit than they can handle
My theory is the fear of the other has come to bite both countries in the behind. If everyone was open to the beauty of immigration and loving our fellow man/woman, we would not be in this pickle!!! #brexit #usgovernmentshutdown
#Estonian FM Mikser briefed the government on preparations for a possible no-deal Brexit. We now wait for proposals from the UK,on proceeding with the withdrawal. We would certainly prefer a withdrawal based on a negotiated agreement - PM Ratas said. More:
First engagement for in Killarney. Talking to about #Brexit and the perspective, next steps, unblocking the process and the options that are open to Scotland. due to start shortly. Looking forward to it!
Whilst bitter Remainer rebels daily hinder the Brexit process. Brexiteer's fight to uphold democracy. May must now focus all attention on transferring EU law into GB law. Those in Parliament who are against 'no deal' should not have voted for Article 50 and the Withdrawal Act.
I like quote "It’s like saying we got it all wrong." Er..... Yep that about sums it up.
Brexit 101
Sadly a chunk of those supporters identify as their enemy.
He is an absolute disgrace to this country, shouldn’t b in charge of labour complete arsehole
Does brexit affect domains?
I cannot believe the stupidity of people like Corbyn and Sturgeon demanding that 'no-deal' be taken off the Brexit table now. We're still in negotiations with the EU and some people want the thing the EU fear most taken out of the equation? Mind-blowingly naive.
Calls for a second Brexit referendum grow as Theresa May fights for a new deal - CNBC vía
‘Given the urgency of the situation, the government and parliament must, without delay, seek an extension of the Article 50 process to allow for a concerted attempt to reach a deal.' , reported .
Voting to invoke Art50 is just an agreement to begin negotiations based on the premise the HoC would have a 'meaningful' vote on the outcome. Doesn't bind any MP to accept the outcome. #PeoplesVote #Brexit
Dear : Would you please write an op-ed on Brexit lessons for Canada. What we've been getting so far is totally beside the point. Yours faithfully etc... #cdnpoli
These muppets are campaigning against one of the few members of the cabinet who actually want a soft-Brexit.
But it's not just her misfortune, It's all of us who are suffering, and worse is yet to come, unless she changes course, and drops the threat of a No Deal Brexit.
Not a fan of Macron, but this couldn't be clearer
A semi-Brexit, with just England and Wales leaving the EU, is the solution | Kim Lane Scheppele
And speaking of the interests behind Brexit, read this too
When you learn that #Brexit might not happen after all.
I imagine they've typed Brexit so many times it's stopped looking like a real word. Not that it was a real word to start with, but still.
#politicslive please note
I bow to your experience in France but Macron himself said in a referendum his people would probaly vote to leave and he is an arch federalist #Brexit #Frexit #NeverBeenEuropean
Brexit's "sunlit uplands" -
On the contrary, you're wrong Sophy. The only reason why no deal is in and no Brexit is out of the equation is simply because no Brexit is a direct challenge to our constitutional democracy and our accountability to the original 2016 people's vote. 1/2
More like authoritarian troops to control mass disorder my brexit supporters
Everyone should try and read this: it's about the malignity and the arrogance of British colonialism and drawing borders for their own ends -
Brilliant
New post (May Back In Brexit Talks After Dramatic 48 Hours) has been published on - Can talks with opposition parties yield a solution? The Brexit saga continues to dominate the... -
To many, I expect this will look like a passionate person spending his own money to make sure Brexit happens "right". I don't think they begrudge his wealth, and that the elite spending that really vexes them is "misuse" of public funds, not his private spend for political goals
Support for Remain highest since referendum, Brexit poll finds
Oh yes, please.
Brexit is dead. It is not happening.
The government’s inability to square the Brexit circle has left IT chiefs urgently calling for “absolute clarity” on how the government moves forward.
UK could nix no-deal #Brexit, delay Article 50, tells business leaders
France Triggers 'Hard Brexit’ Contingency Plan via
Yep long thought the bed remain message would be that brexit is long and difficult and getting in the way of fixing the country.
I agree. I don’t support Corbyn on this nor anyone else. What I’m trying to say is, let’s leave all the rhetoric &amp; character assassination to the GE. Can politicians concentrate on the matter at hand, Brexit.
looks harrowing, and good
Brexit is NOT about age but about wisdom. This doesn't exclude the young or guarantee the old because it's more about IQ than age.
No deal is the best deal
Good point.
I do wonder how circulation will stand up when Brexit finally gets resolved. No doubt it's helped stem the drops in recent years.
Duplicitous bunch, aren't they? #GTTO
The #French government has activated its plans for handling the effects of a no-deal #Brexit, which has become "less and less unlikely", Prime Minister #EdouardPhilippe said
You slander, denigrated &amp; attack Jeremy Corbyn - Perish the thought you'd ever act with balance, so here's what Corbyn offered Theresa May &amp; the Tories last year #jeremycorbyn #Brexit #NoDealBrexit #Tories
They should just forget about Brexit. It was a Russian plot anyway.
I’m not a fan of Corbyn but I’ve come to believe that (this time) he’s doing the right thing and Vince Cable is shit stirring.
Are we going to be forced to swap (pay for) blue passports immediately or can we go on using the EU ones we have? An is this a good time to renew the document or will that fob us off with a Brexit Blue job?
You have proclaimed again and again that you want to act in the country's best interest. Prove it. Take 'No deal' off the table. #Brexit #Labour #jeremycorbyn #PeoplesVote #GeneralElection #ToriesOut #theresamay
Fed up with folk saying "if there's another #Brexit referendum and Remain wins, Leave will say 'Best of 3'". Ridiculous... we voted to join in 1975, so that's that argument bagged and tagged.
"Tony Blair tears into Corbyn over his Brexit stance, guaranteeing that Corbyn and his supporters will only become even more entrenched in their ridiculous position." Seriously, how does Blair not understand how toxic he is?
Tell MPs: work cross-party to fix Brexit. Add your name now via
Germany: Time for games is up Brexit crisis: Germany and Europe react — live updates
please deliver the proper UPDATED will of the people. And taken your blackmaily no deal off the effing table.
Ministers tell May: Let MPs decide on Brexit or we'll quit
¿Brexit o breakdown? #Brexit #ReinoUnido #Europa
I really hope this important debate is not lost in brexit madness #WheresYourHeadAt
The total surrender 'deal' that the EU's agent May is pushing was not 'the best the PM could get'! The EU themselves said that 'there was very little input from the UK side' when they were writing this reversal of Brexit which they handed to their puppet May to sell.
#Leavers don't what they want to leave with or without So #RevokeArticle50 Agree your plan Go ahead and Introduce Article 50 now you know what you want
Corbyn quote (hinting Lab shd fight new referendum with Leave policy) “Can’t go along with idea that it should simply be a rerun of what happened in 2016 “There has to be a discussion about the options that we’ve put forward [Lab’s Brexit ‘plan']” You have been warned !!
Didn't T.May get the job by 'default'? It's a right shambles, more #brokesit than #brexit?
#Hammond puts a hole below the waterline &amp; signals total surrender to the EU by taking an advantageous #WTO #Brexit off the table He still has a job ? What is going on here ? Does this prove that May really is just a stooge of the EU
hey I thought brexit in England was hacked and rigged just like the 2016 election was here they both happened at about the same time they should be doing another vote correct?
This is why there must be NO FURTHER VOTES The bile would be terrible Clean BREXIT ASAP
17 Jan 2019 Today's Economic &amp; #Commodity #Futures Perspectives admin's picture admin 0 Sterling sees support from low expectations for hard Brexit on March 29 Fed's Beige Book finds strong labor market but higher risks Redfin reports big U.S. home …
An interesting and timely read -&gt; From the Suez disaster of 1956 to the Brexit disaster on 2019: Britain’s steady decline
, have you now formally sided with the Losers' Vote anti-democracy movement?
Sums up Brexit overall.....
France triggers 'hard Brexit' plan as no-deal exit is more and more likely
It is 40 years that the likes of you keep selling this story. The UK will end if we keep pushing with this lie called #brexit. NI and Scotland are ready to go
Absolutely sick of hearing from the DU-fucking-P on #Brexit. You're representing people who voted to #remain so shut the fuck up about breaking up the Union. Not to mention all the other stuff you're ignoring from your people.
Brexit is clearly not in the best interest of the UK. The government can stop it without a second vote and they will not be acting undemocratically. We are only a representative democracy. The ref was advisory. A50 was triggered according to the result.
The downside is that in the meantime the entire country would be fucked.
Fabulous article. Balanced and detailed explanation of why the border between Northern Ireland and the Republic is so important.
WTO would increase unemployment, poverty, misery, homelessness, crime and every other thing that we really don’t need right now. NO DEAL BREXIT is insane. #StopBrexitSaveBritain
hey I thought brexit in England was hacked and rigged just like the 2016 election was here they both happened at about the same time they should be doing another vote correct?
How fucking embarrassing is Brexit though
PLEASE can you address this #brexit BS we're going through over here in UK? What is WRONG with these people!?! X
"Stop me if you think if you've heard this one before" could apply to her impromptu speech last night. Or in fact every speech she ever made on Brexit.
I don’t care how controversial this tweet is, but it honestly makes me SO angry that the whole way through this brexit bs, all the English have done is insult us. Your people created a genocide on our land and exiled us creating mass deaths&amp;emigration, get out to fuck pricks
I will so fight this person.
Tell MPs: work cross-party to fix Brexit. Add your name now via
Classic #BBC comedy YES MINISTER Why are we in the EU ? YouTube #Brexit &gt; Link
complaining about being locked out of discussions for two years, when finally the door opens.. he doesn't march in.. instead preaches to the choir... yeah I would say he is playing politics.. he doesn't want the job yet.. he wants to be the PM who didn't cause Brexit
The threat of No-deal is complete useless: nobody believes in it. Oh yes, they say they do, to be polite. #Brexit So grow up: talk seriously.
Jeremy Corbyn like a petulant child throws his toys out of the pram, because he didn't get what he wanted. A General Election. It shows where his focus is. Not to help the process of brexit. Just wants Mays job.
Opinion | The Malign Incompetence of the British Ruling Class - The New York Times
So, just over half of 336 ppl said they should have another indy ref and you take this as excellent news? Bampot mp and bampot party!
Absolutely wild. Accuse Corbyn of playing political games then say they're going to support a Tory government. When their party's only policy is stopping Brexit. Breathtaking hypocrisy.
But your party’s promised increase in funding for the NHS will be funded by more taxation and not a ‘Brexit Dividend’. The Brexit dividend does not exist even the Government have admitted as much. The contributions to the EU are a very small par of our public spending.
This is the official gov advice:
Peter shilton a brexit fan and also not a fan of Argentinians.
Whatever ones politics this is in very bad taste. You should be ashamed #Brexit
May’s only path is to revoke Article 50 and ditch Brexit
He is taking this straight from this morning in his interview with on . A disgrace for #BBC interviewer to do this. Gardiner ignored it as he had important points to make. No mention that yesterday #TheresaMay refused to talk to #Corbyn!
You jump out the window if the building is on fire!!! #radio4today #Brexit #Blair #TonyBlair
Tell MPs: work cross-party to fix Brexit. Add your name now via
Someone finally got to p24 of the manifesto. Well done you, in only a year and a half too!
We all thought that the rhetoric babble about ancient times of the great victorian UK was for show. Reading this I have the eerie feeling they really think they are back sailing the oceans to conquer the world after the Brexit. Which colony is on the list to start with?
Of course they are, why don't they just put us out of our misery and tell us what we already know, parliament and most of the business community will do and say anything to prevent Brexit and that's out of the customs union.
UK house prices fall at fastest rate in six years on back of Brexit – Rics
Brexit is just the latest manifestation of the rotten British history of racism and exceptionalism, as the article explains
To be fair, that is a message coming from people who voted leave and are now "bored with brexit". The problem is that "it" is either undefined, impossible, or possible only if you are happy with possibility of 3m-6m unemployed.
2 1/2 years ago. A lot has happened since then. We now know: Leave lied Referendum fraudulent Government incapable of making a deal Brexit would destroy jobs and the economy. People are allowed to change their minds when presented facts.
Old Roses
the one who doesn't even form his opinion about Brexit
I think is missing a trick by refusing to meet the PM on a spurious premise . Why doesn't he see that he would have an opportunity to bargain one of the things he hurls at her every Wednesday in return for support for bill #BrexitShambles #Brexit
Only way is a new Referendum, now that we actually know what Brexit means for us.
Time Anna was removed, shes bad news and could not give a damm about those who put her in Parliament!. Shameful woman !
Ansichten eines bösen Inders: "The many crimes of the empire’s bumptious adventurers were enabled by Britain’s great geopolitical power and then obscured by its cultural prestige"
337 people took part in this poll. Ms Cherry always willing to do as the minority wishes.
maybe the real brexit was the social division we made along the way
hey I thought brexit in England was hacked and rigged just like the 2016 election was here they both happened at about the same time they should be doing another vote correct?
Reuters: UK Labour could back second Brexit referendum, Corbyn hints
Good article methinks.
Compete initially in every constituency, yes, but if another indisputably Brexit competitor is polling better on the day before deposits are due, all other Brexit parties should stand aside
How a Playwright Made Sense of Brexit #Brexit
People who drive across the Northern Ireland/Republic of Ireland border will need to apply for a Green Card if there’s a no-deal Brexit. It takes 1 month to obtain one. There are approximately 110 million crossings between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland each year.
With Brexit a complete mess there has never been a better time to get involved with the #PeoplesVote campaign. If YOU want to make a difference where you live and help make the case for taking this back to the British people DM us or email peoplesvote.snohun .com
#Brexut #DowningStreet #LeadersMeet #Merkel #Tusk #Juncker #EuropeanCommission #Europarl #Brussels #GiletsJaunes #YellowVests #EuropeDesPeuples #AnotherEurope #M5S #Podemos #Macron favours centralised power &amp; wealth He is opposed to #EU democratic reform
May will stick to Brexit 'principles' in cross-party talks, says No 10
Wait - what? Why? Is Brexit not going well?
#PeoplesVote A brilliant summary of Brexit from the flawed Ref. 2.5 years ago, to this late mess we are in now! Latest poll is 56%Stay &amp; 44%Leave. Democracy dictates we can change our minds. +Leave promises were just vapourware! MPs: Your Country Needs You - make it happen!
In 2016 I was at a non-tourist restaurant in Rio &amp; having established I spoke reasonable Portuguese the waiter asked why #Brexit and that we were mad.
Brexit is no deal at the end of March.
very true. but since parliament won't let no deal (actual brexit) happen then we must find another route to bring down this tory gov. the great brexit theft may be unconscionable but what can be done to make no deal happen?
That's because Brexit assures independence, they kind of are connected. If we are dragged out of the EU when 62% voted to stay in. Then we will be forcing independence. Not one unionist will stop it. Mark my words.... Will of the people.
New post: "Aardman, Blue Zoo, The Mill, Jellyfish and other creatives join the Resistance against Brexit"
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
That white shirt! It haunts me.
How can being in CU be considered Brexit - that simply IS NOT a ‘Brexit’!
hey I thought brexit in England was hacked and rigged just like the 2016 election was here they both happened at about the same time they should be doing another vote correct?
British PM May Survives Confidence Vote But Faces Immediate Brexit Crisis
British PM May Survives Confidence Vote But Faces Immediate Brexit Crisis
What would a no-deal Brexit mean for the property market?
European Parliament Member Philippe Lamberts says an extension of Article 50 is "only a means, not a solution in itself" on the Brexit puzzle
Agreed
Rather betray Putin’s #Brexit than betray Britain.
They haven't had any Jobs since the globalists in the EU exported them to China, eastern Europe and India
Spot on. Corbyn seems to look beyond Brexit to changes to austerity as if Brexit is nothing to do with him !
Brexit second referendum: Which MPs have called for a People's Vote? CLASSIC EXAMPLE OF A GOVERNMENT FAILING THE PEOPLES WILL, ROAD BLOCKS AND DANCING TO BRING ANOTHER VOTE AND THEIR HOPE IS A VOTE TO STAY, SAD DAY FOR DEMOCRACY
The latest The EU #Tweet Daily! Thanks to #seafood #brexit
No! What paid politicians are currently engaged in IS the coup They are trying to thwart the explicit vote of the people Blair was back on the BBC this morning First time I heard him say something honest: That there's only false Brexit with SM or CU Or Real Brexit - No deal
(Just in time for the Brexit) Winston Churchill: Walking with Destiny vía
U.K.'s Theresa May survives confidence vote sparked by Brexit deal defeat
Let's get it Andy
Of course they want no deal on the table. That's why they continue to reject the back stop, knowing full well that the only possible way to fully Brexit without a back stop is indeed, through that 'No deal' outcome. Otherwise, the UK would have to stay in CU/SM
The only good thing about Brexit is that the British sense of humour gets better when joking about insanely stupid scenarios - best two cases in point from yesterday.
Er, if there’s a Brexit-backing businessman who fancies paying for my private jets, please do get in touch.
Taking #NoDeal off the table would possibly lead to a detrayal of everything the 52% voted for and so it's ludicrous to ask for it to be taken off the table. #brexit #StandUp4Brexit
I've a feeling it may well end up a frankenbrexit ...pleasing nobody and not brexit at all
UK / EU / BREXIT / MID-BREXIT &amp; (ANTICIPATED) POST-BREXIT LEGAL STATUS &amp; RIGHTS OF EU CITIZENS IN UK / THE REMAINER RESISTANCE: #BrexitWatch
So that's a Customs Union covered in. 'cloak of invisibility'? Not sure that's going to work outside of Harry Potter. Mind you the imagination of JK Rowling seems more real than the current Brexit strategy
Weighing in on the latest IPA Bellwether report #adtech #martech
All just part of the plan to keep the talk from Brexit and his own partys failings
An interesting thought piece that draws on many of the parallels between the US and UK situations I have been mulling over myself
I have never ever sworn in well over 10000 tweets but in your case on Brexit - fuck off.
Don’t rely on Germany to solve Brexit, it doesn’t need to help Britain +1 EuroBot #europe #politics
Don’t rely on Germany to solve Brexit, it doesn’t need to help Britain +1 EuroBot #Europe #news
An evaluation of the #Tory leader #Brexit: FAILED TO DELIVER Liar: HABITUAL Briber: DUP Blackmailer: NO DEAL War criminal: YEMEN Poverty/inequality/homelessness: UP Private/public debt: UP Investment: DOWN Wages/growth: STAGNANT Evaluation ends #GeneralElectionNow
Every day that passes without a clear Brexit direction is another day that jobs dry up, businesses cut or postpone investments etc. There is a very real human cost to the kind of dithering DD seems so eager to embrace.
And pharm industry view
Killing Brexit might be very bloody indeed. Just judging by the mood of the people.
Essentially, Brexit is entropy in action.
The socialist mind has no distance in the spirit. She could run in any democrat campaign here and win.
Surely May is screwed? Plan B must either move towards a harder #Brexit which wld keep ERG &amp; DUP onside but alienate the rest of the House; or a softer Brexit that might get the House onside but wld alienate ERG &amp; DUP. DUP are key, without them May is toast. #fbpe #PeoplesVoteNow
Brexit warning to Canadians that manufacturing political division has economic consequences: Don Pittis | CBC News
Not so cleverly James.. Principled Corbyn always said he wanted to meet &amp; discuss #brexit but without the option of a calamitous #nodeal. It must really get your goat that Corbyn (JC) is always right &amp; Cleverly (JC) is always wrong. Initials are the only thing you have in common.
That isn’t the reason at all. Corbyn would rather negotiate a deal from within EU than outside and has consistently said so. Ridiculous that he’s blamed for the failure of the Tories over Brexit. Corbyn does not run the party and cannot make the arbitrary decisions you want.
Norway isn't full brexit No way
at least we have parties to politicise over and parties to be cross about, which is something other than a continual diatribe of what come out of this guys mouth. #LeaveMeansLeave #LetsGoWTO
If Tony Blair had a brain he'd support Brexit. That'd turn at least 5 million to remain.
Seriously.... Just to check were all on the same page. We're not just accepting and putting up with this shite. Are we?
The definitive omnishambles of all omnishambles...
Not all heroes wear capes, but they all agree #Brexit = #BrexitShambles #BrexitChaos
Trust impartialiality on #Brexit?
Since getting her government into a Gordian knot,I reckon she alone must find how to unravel it. #Brexit
I can’t support your stance on #Brexit any longer. I’m sure I’m not the only one who wants your money where your mouth is... no more schoolboy behaviour please, get involved in talks, get behind a #PeoplesVote or GET GONE! Membership revoke pending...
So the crisis in neoliberalism not an issue? Brexit , yellow vest protests are expressions of this crisis in Europe, as indeed is the USA militarisation against Russia and China...
Government, parliament and eu working together to overturn Brexit.
Whilst everyone’s opinion within the government &amp; parliament has to be taken on board regarding a Brexit deal, each will of course want theirs to be taken notice of, 600 odd different opinions, no wonder we will never get anywhere.
Scrap Brexit &amp; surrender to these people? We want to get on well with Europe &amp; love it. But we just don't want or need to be ruled by it to get along or trade. We overcame the Nazis by cooperating as sovereign nations Example - S.America get on OK without centralised control
"Only a rupture with the EU will alter the failed status quo" - Rees Mogg? Andrew Lillico? B Johnson? No the Guardian's economics editor. We assume Gdn is pro-EU but its star writers from Sir S Jenkins to Rev G Fraser or even in his time Lexit O Jones have contriibuted to Brexit
Brexit is first step to freedom. Then we must ban Islam, remigrate all Muslims and Africans, and start re-building our beautiful, wonderful nation that has led the world so often and saved Europe 3 times in 140 years. #MBGA #UKisChristian #WTOBrexit #Remigration #BanIslam
A perfect description of our "Damned leading the Damned" Brexit. Thread.
We have published 4 no-deal Brexit guidance papers for solicitors covering: - Providing legal services in the EU - Civil and commercial cooperation - Data protection - Family law
The European Commission reveals special measures for air transport in preparation for a #Brexit no-deal scenario #UK #politics
Brexit is a pain in the necksit #BrexitShambles
#ninja cycling escaping the madness riding and might get me through #Brexit insanity
INFH UXEYX 170119143205
hey I thought brexit in England was hacked and rigged just like the 2016 election was here they both happened at about the same time they should be doing another vote correct?
Not sure whats funnier, the antiques roadshow joke, the one where Tories are saying Nicola Sturgeon is under fire for her handling of Brexit or that Tory MSP's are retweeting threads full of harassing tweets
Fine rhetoric.They both make very good points. Neither shows us a way out of this Brexit mess. If this were a debate at the Oxford Union,one would be impressed. Unfortunately words alone do little to change the situation.
Here Brits look how continentals see your mess. Where is the British diplomacy?? May's #Brexit Debacle: Britain Finally Confronts Reality
Not quite more like “Mrs May: Let’s talk about my Brexit deal which I’m not going to change or it’s no deal. OK?”
Apologies but I disagree. #Corbyn supports #Brexit - A General Election is pointless if the two major parties offer their versions of #Brexit during an #Article50 extension. A referendum would have to be kept simple. May's deal or #Remain. Remain would trigger a general election.
Nobody voted to lose there jobs or be poorer. But this is what Brexit is causing. The fact it's now gone from "there will be no negatives" to arguing about which negatives it's caused should tell you something.
and then theres the real meetings...
To what extent, if at all, could the clock for #Brexit and a No Deal exit on 29 March 2019 simply be left to tick down? Is the timetable for parliamentary debates, votes/motions set in stone?
"No-Confidence Survivor: Theresa May and Brexit" #news #feedly
Are you a normal person with better things to do than follow Westminster politics every hour of every day? Would you like a concise and hopefully entertaining explainer of what on earth happened this week? Read this!
#TheresaMay's stubborn insistence on pushing through #Brexit even though the #majority of #people don't want it now, is #mystifying
And Parliament represents the people (or it is supposed to) which is why the govt is pursuing Brexit
The Malign Incompetence of the British Ruling Class. With Brexit, the chumocrats who drew borders from India to Ireland are getting a taste of their own medicine.
hey I thought brexit in England was hacked and rigged just like the 2016 election was here they both happened at about the same time they should be doing another vote correct?
The latest A Taste of Honey! Thanks to #brexit #r4today
Yes absolutely 100%! Cancel Brexit altogether!
I think Brexit is just an attempt by some at using a sticking plaster on a gaping wound. Leave or remain will not solve the underlying problem of why those who voted leave did so. The EU doesn’t dictate the rules adversely as imagined so leave won’t work.
#Brexit #nodeal warning for #UK #drivers
Am I the only Londoner who never admits they voted Brexit? My wife's the same. Our son, 12, feels it wise to conceal the family secret from his school-mates. This is why Remainers overestimate their support. Brexiteers are keeping quiet. Ref 2 will change that.
Plan A was to polish a turd, Plan B is to roll it in glitter. #Brexit
Sammy Wilson: If EU refuses to ditch Brexit backstop then UK can leave without a deal - Belfast Newsletter
So playing both off against each other. #brexit #brexitforever #brexitsellout
2/2 We continue to work with Ixelles Council, Belgian MPs,MEPs and others to make it clear to Belgian authorities they should guarantee rights of Britons in EU now and without equivocation and in parallel in UK to defend rights of EU citizens there.
Corbyn continues to play games w/Brexit as he attempts to manage the various factions in the labour our party and union backers..odd, that sounds like the Tories! His problem is he believes Labour and himself won the last GE and now even thinks he won the vote of confidence too.
Scrap Brexit &amp; surrender to these people? We want to get on well with Europe &amp; love it. But we just don't want or need to be ruled by it to get along or trade. We overcame the Nazis by cooperating as sovereign nations Example - S.America get on OK without centralised control
Fucking hell
Sammy Wilson: If EU refuses to ditch Brexit backstop then UK can leave without a deal - Belfast Newsletter
Tell MPs: work cross-party to fix Brexit. Add your name now via
If this brexit is successful, that’s means pounds will crash badly and no more Air France flights to London...
Tinky winky has actually spent most of the last year in Brussels negotiating brexit. He got a new hand bag from Theresa for it. Obviously he's a toddler's TV character so did a terrible job. La La became a teenage mum however she's now at uni studying law. Go La La!
Not a single one of them have an come out of this well, tories and labour MP’s trapped with indescision! He has laid out a wish list, not a plan and he also wants a hard Brexit, always has, this pretend concern for no deal at the 11th hour is as bad as running down the clock!
17 Jan 2019 Today's Economic &amp; #Commodity #Futures Perspectives admin's picture admin 0 Sterling sees support from low expectations for hard Brexit on March 29 Fed's Beige Book finds strong labor market but higher risks Redfin reports big U.S. home …
On the contrary, you're wrong Sophy. The only reason why no deal is in and no Brexit is out of the equation is simply because no Brexit is a direct challenge to our constitutional democracy and our accountability to the original 2016 people's vote. 1/2
Running down the clock I see, no reason why there has to be 8 days between her announce plan b to vote. No deal confirmed imo.
The odious suffering brain stem failure as per usual...
#BinBrexit #Remain don't #Leave #PeoplesVoteNow #RevokeArt50 #RevokeRemainRebuild Support for Remain highest since referendum, Brexit poll finds
i have to study.... brexit.... for my dutch &lt;--&gt; english translation test tmrw -__-
This is a great thread!
Nailed it!
Danny, you're wasting your breath, its like trying to explain the plot of Inception to your pet fish talking to the Brexit Taliban.
Because he is an incompetent buffoon who hates Brexit and everything it represents, though somewhat ironically I support this particular failing as it would, as you say help get the WA through which would IMO be a disaster.
What’s next for Canada’s closest European friends? What should we learn? Don Pittis | CBC News
"A snap poll conducted in the wake of the crushing defeat of Theresa May’s Brexit plan found a 12-point lead for remaining in the EU - "
Gloom shrouds UK housing market outlook as Brexit nears - CreaWorldNews -
Think is the last leader standing with principles, speaks to PM while they destroy #environment #fracking would rather snipe at #Corbyn &amp; jumping up &amp; down going please miss we'll sell out again #brexit fuck it
ah you support a #Brexit deal or no deal Brexit then.
How a Playwright Made Sense of Brexit via TheAtlantic
But your party’s promised increase in funding for the NHS will be funded by more taxation and not a ‘Brexit Dividend’. The Brexit dividend does not exist even the Government have admitted as much. The contributions to the EU are a very small part of our public spending.
He was talking about Brexit. To which the solution is Independence.
It's as if she and Corbyn want civil unrest
It’s trying to protect the country from a Tory no deal Brexit. May’s intransigence is not in the national interest, but serves only to stave off a split that will finish the Tory party.
Paul Mason in summary: (1) Corbyn is a popular and principled leader, we should follow him except when he's wrong. (2) When he's wrong, we vote and make him pretend to agree with the result. (3) We don't mean *that* vote, we mean a different vote. (4) That's how Lenin did things.
#TheresaMay’s office insists she intends to maintain #Brexit red lines in cross-party talks, making them rather redundant #BrexitCrisis
Brexit: Theresa May meeting MPs 'to seek consensus'
This is the time for calm and take the demands off the table. Talk to each other.
I am sick of brexit and I want to keep my Freedom of Movement
To be fair to the SNP, they have no option but to support a second referendum. To say they are against reneging on a vote would be hypocritical even by their standards. #Brexit
Corbyn has made yet another tactical error over Brexit. He should not have declared that he would not meet May until ‘leave without a deal was taken off the table’. He should have met her, then told her that ‘no deal’ was not an option. He is now seen as not caring about Brexit.
,inviting the opposition for a talk while saying you wont change what they voted against. I think you are demented and should seek medical help
WARNING - 'BAD WEATHER' AHEAD...
Ministers tell May: Let MPs decide on Brexit or we'll quit
The age description and bigotry from remoaners is disgusting. #Brexit on #WTO rules now please.
A semi-Brexit, with just England and Wales leaving the EU, is the solution | Kim Lane Scheppele
Anyone else enjoying the Brexit paintings at ?
France triggers €50m contingency plan in case of no-deal Brexit
This is so funny. I hope see's this. Loved your voice on this
Whilst bitter Remainer rebels hinder the Brexit process. Brexiteer's fight for democracy. May must now focus all attention on transferring EU law into GB law. Those in Parliament who are against 'no deal' should not have voted for Article 50 and the Withdrawal Act.
The U.K.: We’re about to find out what happens when there is no Parliamentary majority for ANY option on the country’s future.
No no dont mention Brexit we only do SNP BAAAD and devisive Indy referendum
Read it and weep
But Tories will. &amp; get rid of consumer/worker/human rights. That's the POINT of brexit. That and selling off NHS, tax avoidance &amp; money laundering. Brexit is of the right wing, by the right wing, for the right wing. &amp; Consequence will be destruction of UK manufacturing &amp; farming.
Irrelevant, Corbyn is unfit for office. It you are a Remainer and you vote for Corbyn to get a second bite of the referendum apple you are jumping from the #Brexit pan into the socialist fire.
It used to be that the presidency shaped the man, no matter how odd a fit he was at the Inauguration. The formula has been lost, in the USA and startlingly in the UK too where a Marxist clown's mask sits grinning in the wings
On this week's Worcester Observer podcast we attempt to pick the bones out of Theresa May's humiliating #Brexit deal vote thrashing and look at a new scheme designed to re-hydrate Worcester residents.
Spit on
No. My question that wasnt answered -which is what i said was perhaps the source of (my) confusion- was about whether you were saying it was credible as a Brexit answer generally or as an alternative to Mays deal. The former makes sense, the latter doesnt
Amusing to me that they call Brexit a divorce from EU. I imagine Brexit planning is just arguing over who gets Gibraltar for Christmas. #Brexit
How are they on different sides? Want to take No Deal off table/Peoples Vote. Brexit never was party political issue so it isn’t helpful to think of it that way. As neither PoV takes negotiation to leave EU forward (Tory/Labour manifesto pledge) I’m not sure this is how helpful
They know where their future lies and don’t want to have it snatched from them.
Blame the Brexit extremists, says after 2 years of holding fire. Welcome to my world...
GIVE US A NO DEAL THEN AS THAT IS WHAT WINNING BREXIT WANTED AND SACK HAMMOND AND RUDD
After some of my tweets today this probably isn’t surprising, but I disagree. He’s wasting precious time. May and Corbyn are both too busy performing for their base while the country gets closer to a no deal Brexit that almost nobody wants every day.
A system based on financial risk and return has got us into this situation (brexit, trump inequality etc) The impact revolution brings a 3rd dimension to our system: impact. - Sir Ronald Cohen #PF4SD
the huge divisions in support between a #brexit “no-deal”, “your-deal” or “a closer to EU vassal-state UK deal” is clear evidence that #brexit has no majority/mandate. Every version of brexit is completely different &amp; has been lumped together to justify a false will
If you’re an Umpire in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a misery for you. If you live in Yorkshire and the Humber then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this calamity! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Ooooo... a Brexit cake! What's inside? A hint: It begins with "U"...
who is a good #Remainernow speaks beautifully on the human aspect of Brexit
that's all well and good, and i'm certainly no tory! but with less than 2 months of brexit negotiations remaining, how is a general election a good idea for right now? why isn't corbyn airing his views in parliament, and why isn't the opposition brainstorming with the government?
It's not a feeling, it's true. I think after 2 and a half years and no way forward on #Brexit it's the only conclusion one can draw. I do think that Labour, the SNP and Liberal Democrats should now work together to try to effect change. #Brexit
So MPs can vote again on brexit, but the public cant, democracy?
Here Are 9 Shows I Recommend You Watch To Forget About Brexit
And this is before we've even left. There is no good #Brexit for Britain, as government's own impact assessments show. Parliamentarians now need to exercise their *duty of care* and insist May writes to EU to #RevokeArticle50 and #Remain
"partition - the British Empire's ruinous exit strategy - has come home."
Brexit means BROKE and narrow it down its the UK and USA fighting over the pieces left over from the Tax Haven Pie USA had free slaves for 200 yrs UK cannot expect to follow suit! hahahah
The Malign Incompetence of the British Ruling Class
Yeah because Brexit is evil and anything I see in my life I don't like brings me to floods of tears. Hope your neighbours live near a dam. Or have suffiecient sandbags to protect themselves from flooding.
An interesting perspective — Opinion | The Malign Incompetence of the British Ruling Class - The New York Times
Jeremy Corbyn: I want to be PM. Also Jeremy Corbyn: I’m fucking useless at negotiating.
There is no consensus on Brexit/Remain in the country (52:48) or parliament. The process of implementation has failed after two years work.The people’s view however gained must be the way ahead underpinned with a one year suspension of Article 50.
Truth #stopthemadness #StopBrexit
Wow! Ministers tell Theresa May: Let MPs decide on #Brexit or we'll quit
People voted for the lies of the Brexit camp...£350m for the NHS, mythical sunlit uplands of "free trade" and no mention of a physical border in Ireland (with all the attendant disruption that will bring). We are now better informed #PeoplesVote
5 things to know for January 17: Shutdown, Syria, Kenya attack, Brexit, climate - CNN
Step by step, Labours policy...
Support for Remain highest since referendum, Brexit poll finds
I really hope this important debate is not lost in brexit madness #WheresYourHeadAt
An opposition the defeated the govt by historic proportions only this week, and which has repeatedly set out a different approach (in reality Brexit in name only)? That's a *lot* different. The trouble, from the start, has been May's ludicrous red lines.
Will I start planning my own funeral now? Or will I wait to see if this'll be sorted once we become the United Kingdom of Unicorns and Fairies?
I'll be working the "Yeah, Tartuffe's basically about Brexit yeah?" angle hard in any press, sorry lads, need the dollar, can't mess about
Anyone actually seen this table in Parliament? Is it a big one? A coffee table? Maybe from IKEA? No idea but there are loads of things people's want on and off it! #brexit
Aided and abetted by Richard Leonard
Excellent news! Here's hoping for a positive outcome. #Brexit
Brexit has been a problem for just 3 years. Tories have been making ordinary people's lives a misery for centuries.
Never thought it would happen in my lifetime, but having to consider stockpiling goods at home for brexit. The den will become The Bunker and will be lined with tins and carpeted with quinoa with lasagna sheet underlay.
Indeed. Cameron called UKIPs bluff and lost. No one in power believes in BREXIT (or the UKs ability to thrive outside the bureaucracy).
To protect the national interest, here's what you do: Respect the vote of Parliament which voted against your BREXIT deal Recognise your BREXIT deal 8s dead Do not keep trying to resurrect it #RevokeArticle50 #PeoplesVote #Remain Simple.
I'm (currently) alive and I support Brexit. Anyone else out there? You are statistically more likely to die a lot sooner than I am, how dare your Remain vote count - I was too young to even have my say in 2016!
People calling for no-deal to be taken off the table - why? #Brexit
There seems to be an awful lot of #FBPE who think that May would have lost the confidence vote if Yvette Cooper had been Labour leader. I'm not sure they know how politics works, if I'm honest. Especially Tory politics #Brexit
The Malign Incompetence of the British Ruling Class #Brexit
The most popular topic of cartoons this week? You've guessed it. Get your own cartoon slideshow with the purchase of 4 cartoons or more in our shop: Check out more cartoons on Brexit in our newsroom:
And its come to this...... #BrexitShambles
Thursday briefing: Take no-deal Brexit off table, Corbyn demands – The Guardian
Pankaj Mishra highlights the parallels between the people behind Brexit &amp; early British disasters in decolonization “The Malign Incompetence of the British Ruling Class” #whapchat
So at least he can’t use the worn out mantra “all options are on the table” any more when he’s continually asked to explain his party’s Brexit policy.
In other words, playing politics. Isn't that what is being accused of?
Does anybody seriously believe his MPs respect him enough to not vote for more and more referenda until the first time the "correct" result is given for the first time?
This is why Brexiteers fear second referendum
New rules will apply
The starting point for any talks to break the Brexit deadlock must be to rule out a disastrous No Deal outcome. My letter to Theresa May...
'Jeremy Corbyn is right to oppose a no-deal outcome. But he has gone much further than that.' | #Brexit
Brexit and Data Protection - Deal or No Deal Implications - #Brexit #DataProtection #Solicitors #WestMidlands
Corbyn you are only concerned with your political feathers: you have little or no interest in the bigger picture of putting Britain first otherwise you would be engaged in the talks to overcome the deadlock of Brexit
#politicslive ahhhh Mr Imuna just say it as it is you want to stop brexit by any means necessary, no deal would be acceptable to you!
If this isnt grounds for kicking him out of the party I don’t know what is.
“Here are three ways that Brexit is already affecting HR and what you can do to lessen the impact.”
I’ve spent the past two plus years discussing the philosophical pros and cons of Brexit. We seem to disagree on that. But this question was specifically about impact on day to day life.
`bbcnews Mark carney to assist our bought and paid for "government" in its struggle with brexit and what terror he might say it will hold up until 2020. The preferred tory version of the EU.
Because May needs a pair to stand up to people like Sourby and is running scared !
If they overturn Brexit they might have to consider their health and safety.
Shouldn’t he worry about the riots in his own country before patronising ours?
Is it just me or was anyone else made uncomfortable by and his interview with the Bradfordians about Brexit last night. I thought it lacked awareness. . Review this please .
Same here #Tory Party finished if it doesn’t bring in a clear Brexit. needs to keep those red lines that’s what Leaving is
Fuck me. This is a painfully accurate depiction of the shit show we Brits are currently living in. #Brexshit #Britain
56% would now vote Remain.: A YouGov poll, conducted after Tuesday night’s record-breaking Commons vote against Theresa May’s Brexit Deal, shows that 56 per cent of voters would now vote Remain in a… #PeoplesVote #Brexit #OpinionPolls Now in
We are the “Hotel California”. Satan has nothing on us.
No her deal is garbage. That's why it has been rejected - by remainers as they are antidemocratic scum, but also by Leavers as it's brexit in name only
NO ! Polly Toynbee was not rejoicing in the deaths of old people. She was rejoicing in the fact that demographics are on the side of Remain making your precious Brexit 'the will of the dead people'. #RevokeA50 #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit
Not as badly as we got told before brexit. We got told many lies because no one had an idea of the impact of brexit. People have more of an idea on brexit now
No Owen. Duck behind conference composites and as many selective interpretations of party intent as you like, but you know full well the truth: the majority of us (members) are against Brexit in any form and demand a 2nd vote. JC is a democratic leader or he isn’t. No more games
Box prepares for Brexit with new U.K. cloud zone
What brexit option would be put in a 2nd ref #PeoplesVote if both Theresa May's crap deal&amp; #NoDealBrexit have already been ruled out by our Sovereign (Parliament)? Is there enough time for a PV anyway? Also,Executive are only ones who can action one? The PV makes no sense #GTTO
PM’s Brexit deal rejected: What now for NGOs? via
Airports, customs, trade: Europe preps for a chaotic Brexit
Brexit is now officially the will of the dead. #ZombieBrexit #Brexit
Sgt Brexit Looneys heartless band
I think u r in a parallel universe. Mrs May has very little support in the real world ppl who voted Tory for years r looking for a new party due to the way she has dealt with Brexit. The next GE will leave Tory’s out of power for a generation unless she gets WTO
Sounds to me like a dream :)
Why a ‘no deal’ Brexit increases risks to the environment
France triggers $57-million plan in case of ‘hard Brexit’
2. Britain’s exit from EU, “another act of moral dereliction by the country’s rulers. The Brexiteers, pursuing a fantasy of imperial-era strength &amp; self-sufficiency, have repeatedly revealed their hubris, mulishness and ineptitude over the past 2 years.”
Corbyn won't engage because he'd need to have a reveal his plan to deliver Brexit and he hasn't got one. Not one that wouldn't rip his party apart anyway.
sadly I guess to some people the prospect of Deploying the Troops just makes no deal even more appealing
Even more ludicrous given the absolute shit show displayed by their last government. Not supporting the Tories, I hate all parties &amp; politicians. It's all talk, Corbyn just wants power, doesnt care about anything or anyone else, look at his response to Brexit talk.
I asked a brexit voter yesterday about WTO and he hadn't got the foggiest. They should not be allowed to vote.
Had to unfollow The beast from The Chase because he retweeted a pro Brexit Piers Morgan tweet. This process has finished me
Totally agree!!!
he couldn't back a horse let alone political matters....
"Please explain to me how the 2016 referendum was illegal and corrupt" - immediately disqualifies you from any sensible discussion on Brexit. Away with your brainless trolling
#Brexit Solution Before Tuesday's vote there were generally 3 options: 1. May's deal 2. No deal (hard Brexit) 3. No Brexit (remain) Option 1. Has now been rejected by a massive majority in Parliament Parliament just need to vote on option 2 or 3 Simple...
Theresa May's deal is a deceit which doesn't change much. Even prevents withdrawal in future. It is Brexit in name only. But remainers are still upset because they can't still digest that people voted for leaving and said an eff off to the establishment.
The most depressing thing of Brexit for me is the mentality of people who seriously believe it’s ‘losing’ that motivates people to fight back for Remain. Jeez. Talk about lacking emotional intelligence. #Britain2019 #fucked
Pretty fair summary of where Corbyn is. Sitting on the fence worked for him in 2017 but in 2019, the spotlight is on him to do something and so far his performance isn’t wooing the critics or the voters.
the petition for no deal is now 337000 .... these people wont vote again for the main parties if #brexit doesnt happen ... imagine how many seats that is !
worth taking a look at for some basic #brexit ideas that could work
You failed didn’t you? Anyone could see that would happen if you didn’t stick to Corbyn’s principles. You got played by Theresa ‘my deal or no deal’ May and made yourself look stupid. Shame. Normally got a lot of time for you.
thread
The Green Party are like the Kid From school that nobody liked but got invited to All the Party’s,just so they didn’t feel left out, But yet always turned up!! #greenparty #brexit #nodeal
This cat can't jump... #NoBrexit #NoBrexitAtAll #BrexitShambles
Lmao this is me
Great to be seeing leading a Commons debate on mental health first aid, and the mention of the great #WheresYourHeadAt campaign. This is a critical issue and a reminder that, despite the strife over Brexit, mental healthcare provision has cross party support.
How are they on different sides? Want to take No Deal off table/Peoples Vote. Brexit never was party political issue so it isn’t helpful to think of it that way. As neither PoV takes negotiation to leave EU forward (Tory/Labour manifesto pledge) I’m not sure this is helpful
Get your tickets here #Chester #Brexit
The has just passed the following motion in support of giving the public a final say on Brexit - Labour's amendment - essentially the entire motion - is in bold #MQT
Theresa May takes maximum time available over Brexit plan B as debate scheduled for January 29 #lbc #fbpe #libdems #conservatives #labour #plaidcymru #snp #ukip #abtv #waton #stupidbrexiteers #itvnews #bbcnews #c4news #5news #skynews #PeoplesVote #Brexit
Crap
Theresa May is meeting MPs to try to find a way forward for Brexit, after her slim victory in the no-confidence vote.
She's only 'indestructible' because literally no one wants to be PM until #Brexit either goes through or not.
Tom Cijffers of offers his take on what a no-deal #Brexit would mean to #adland, read more at
Sashay away Theresa May - Lipsinc for your Life #theresamay #brexit #rupaul via #ToriesOut
Call for government unity is 2 years to late ffs.They should have been working in unity to deliver Brexit after the referendum,Those that chose not too should hang their heads in shame,not making out they are attempting to be the saviour of the U.K.They should be slung out
French govt activates plan to prepare for no-deal Brexit
what a lovely person you sound. Maybe you need to step back and think that maybe this Brexit stuff is making you lose a grip on reality
"Brexit thus amounts to taking back control in a literal sense, but losing control in a meaningful one" wise words.
Thought I would consolidate the handy work of into one post, reflecting a simplified explanation of the options and process for each of the Brexit options available
This makes no sense
May's Brexit deal rejected: what now? One in three expect a hard Brexit
People have gradually started addressing the failure of politicians.
"So we're, um, going to slash it by 8% with Brexit, despite what 70% of Scots want, because we're some kind of special-grade cretins."
But you wanted to deliver May’s EU stitch up version of Brexit or BINO - hope you want to deliver a real Brexit second time round
I thought he didn't hold with any red lines... This proves he was lying, yet again. #NotFitToGovern
She is supposed to be answerable to the British people NOT THE EU and its toads
#BackTheBrexitDeal then Comrade
I try to watch the news if I think they will show him. He is the best part of Brexit.
Perfectly skewered assessment
Corbyn would betray the 17.4 million who voted for Brexit if he backed another referendum. you already have by backing one.
I can’t bring myself to vote but I’m totally convinced (perhaps wrongly) Brexit would not happen under Labour.
This is an interesting and very well informed take:
Brexit: The EU makes arrangements to keep their Banks on the London clearing House for now: A deal within the “No Deal” Brexit?
Don’t rely on Germany to solve Brexit, it doesn’t need to help Britain | Alan Posenor
jEreMy sHoW SoMe lEadErsHip oN bRExIT nO nOT tHaT kInd
Morally bankrupt #Tories #neoliberalism disaster #capitalism #poverty There are no words to describe this evil intent.
by insisting they remove hard brexit. Labour want a general election and will stall until then so they can offer a second vote! He doesn’t want to leave!
. is right to at least talk to the PM about #Brexit. Repeated tablings of VONC by Labour is as pointless as repeated tablings of the Withdrawal Agreement by the Tories. We need a way forward, not an impasse - which may well be a #PeoplesVote.
Gammon
It's not fair to bring in Hezbollah, Hamas and the IRA into this. They're not responsible for brexit. #BrexitShambles
BBC News comes in Pidgin? Why didn’t I know this? Awesome.
So for Brexit it could be. O Only with a deal O With or without a deal O Remain and you could easily split a 51-55% majority between options 1 and 2 making the remain a majority at 45-49% Note, I'm neither for or against Brexit, I've just been following along from Canada.
Farage has warning for EU over second Brexit referendum demands – 'Barnier in for a SHOCK'
So like, did Steven Moffat write this brexit arc cause why is it so bad
Brexit Is Now Hanging by a Thread "If we font get Brexit. demcoarcy is over and anarchy follows I fear"
Aardman, Blue Zoo, The Mill, Jellyfish and other creatives join the Resistance against Brexit #DigitalTransformation #ux #UserExperience #Designthinking #productdesign
#Insurers to implement no-deal plans following #Brexit vote. Thus UK Insurers may be forced to implement their no-deal contingency plans due to political uncertainty arising from yesterday’s House of Commons vote. #Insurance_Post
'OF COURSE Corbyn should be talking to May': Tony Blair tears into Labour leader for refusing cross party talks invitation - and says if HE was PM he would already have delayed Brexit
Brexit under a perma tory Govt would be, if they set the conditions.
Okay, I think most of us are fully aware that this move isn't 'because of' Brexit, but let's also all be clear and honest about it - it *really* doesn't help, does it....?
Labour MPs should tell Corbyn its either his job or Brexit but he can’t have both. #FBPE #Labour #DavidLammy #YvetteCooper #HilaryBenn #ChukaUmunna #SadiqKhan #DavidMiliband #Peoplesvote #RevokeArticle50 #TUC #GMB #Libdems #GreenGB #CarolineLucas #SNP #plaidcymru
By leaving you might eventually get your bonus in 50 years. #BrexitChaos #Brexit
This Hedgefund manager is making a fortune out of Brexit. He bet that the pound would drop in value after the referendum and that the stock market would plummet and he made £220 million in a few hours. It also turns out he is involved with Jacob Rhys Mogg
I think, in this instance, Nigel was in the wrong......
What are the alternatives to May's rejected Brexit deal?
On this week's Worcester Observer podcast we attempt to pick the bones out of Theresa May's humiliating #Brexit deal vote thrashing and look at a new scheme designed to re-hydrate Worcester residents.
In the US &amp; UK today... Politicians being pretty useless (Specifically #Brexit/Giuliani/Salmond Vs Sturgeon) Educators taking industrial action (Specifically Scottish educators, FE Lecurers and LA based teachers) #valueeducationvalueteachers #UTLAStirke #UTLAStrong
Jeremy #Corbyn accuses Theresa May of not really wanting #Brexit agreement via
Good.
spot on as usual.
Your hypocrisy is astonishing. It’s ok for a second #EU ref but not for Scots? Make no mistake, the dictatorial way Scotland is treated by the uk will be much worse after the mess of #Brexit #DisolveTheUnion
Jesus Paul. A five point thesis that fails on the first point. There IS a form of Brexit that will satisfy those who voted for it. WTO. Except those who didn't vote for it won't allow that. Pay attention.
Translation- May will say exactly the same as before and listen to no one
France Triggers 'Hard Brexit’ Contingency Plan
Because the party is being driven by a majority of 'Remainers' who care little for the electorate it seems.
himself calling for to table #NoConfidenceMotion. Now he's done it, Cable accusing Corbyn of "playing party politics". Someone hand the man a mirror. #opportunistpolitics #Brexit #GeneralElection
Theresa May, Britain’s Lady of Perpetual Crisis #Brexit
It was rather lovely of to film their interviews for a Warwickshire response to Brexit in our installation A delicate reminder of the importance of collaboration, exchange and the re-understanding of borders
Let me explain this to some who have difficulty understanding why Jeremy Corbyn hasn't gone running to Downing St. to discuss Brexit with May. In Dec. JC did have talks with her, he told her then &amp; has repeated now, take No Deal off the table before talks. She hasn't.
Brilliant...
Brexit means a rejection of expertise and facts.
"‘Nutjob’ neighbours with Brexit stockpile now seem wise and useful"
Yeah but who are you?
'Troops ready to be deployed in no-deal Brexit' - Evening Standard via
#ItTookYearsTo get the "best" Brexit deal I could, then it got rejected by Parliament. #BrexitShambles #BrexitDeal #MayMustGo
This is a nice little piece. But I do hope they get a shuffle on, before Brexit, while their salmon are still allowed through our waters.
Airports, Customs, Trade: Europe Prepares for a Chaotic Brexit - #jewish #israel #news #judaism
Expert says Ireland stays divided if there's a no-deal Brexit
I better get my bags packed and my bike in the box! #movetospain before #Brexit
It appears Harry Potter fever has swept over Europe!
By taking No Deal Brexit off the table you are taking Brexit off the table and with it the democratic voice of the many, the largest vote for anything ever in British political history. When the chips are down #Corbyn reveals his true colours. For the few not the many. #Brexit
Brexit LIVE: 'Treacherous' Hammond's plot to WITHDRAW Art 50 and block no deal - REVEALED
Glorious writing - "a Taiwanese news animation of Winston Churchill".Ha!
i certainly have no idea. I just find it odd that their most credible voice on Brexit and the one with the official shadow minister brief doesn't appear
"There will be no crash" said sim erstwhile w,,,,, oops bankers 10yr ago.
Listen to this week's podcast: Critical moment for Brexit; Oxford clerics criticise bishops on sexuality; Theology Slam finalists
They will be, but not until #Brexit is irreversible. First convince them EU human rights are a Bad Thing, dreamed up by lazy forriners; to be rejected by all right-thinking Englishmen...
Video: Barnier destroys claim Corbyn can't renegotiate Brexit - "EU immediately ready" via
well we are not independent we voted on that in 2014
Rumor Mill: an international Money Trader has spent almost a quarter billion in his overt effort to murder BEXIT.
This months #employment news topic includes #Brexit. Find the latest updates on our website: #redundancy
SAY NO TO WTO NO DEAL BREXIT #StopBrexitSaveBritain
BMA CEO Yvonne Orgill calls for a swift cross party solution to bring an end to the Brexit uncertainty, as Theresa May enters into talks to find a deal that parliament will support. #Brexit #KBB #Kitchen #Bathroom #Industry #Opinion #Marketing #PR #News
Fair point but it makes you look as obstructionist as her.
Should have been done in the first place so that Brexit would not have happened.
Ah, through good old subsidy. I don't think the ERG or Patrick Minford has protecting industries through state aid &amp; subsidy in mind with their version of Brexit. Corbyn might though. Odd bedfellows, JRM and JC!
The malign incompetence of the Brexiteers was precisely prefigured during Britain’s exit from India in 1947, writes Pankaj Mishra.
WAKE UP - it wasnt red lines that scuppered it, it was backstop and EU imposition on UK trade, courts and backstop.
Corbyn is being Childish. You can’t take No deal of the Table as we’ve not negotiated anything yet and the E.U. might not negotiate a good deal. Corby is a fool. #Brexit
Disgusting, shameful tweet that epitomises what the Tories are about. I still can’t believe people can’t see how truly nasty and vile they are. #GTTO #JC4PM
Yep. I’m a middle class housewife who’s never had so much as a parking ticket. But my (metaphorical) pitchfork is on stand by if Brexit is delayed.
UK puts military reserves on standby in the event of a no-deal Brexit
We are out of time - enough of this dilly-dallying! Just come out and support as you committed to at conserve, as committed to in her letter to me as want! LEAD! #brexit
Even now after 2 years of saying absolutely nothing on brexit Corbyn still won't tell anyone what he wants to do. Refusing to meet the PM etc. History will be scathing... easily the most sinister, insincere and ineffectual opposition leader in history.
Given the scale of the issue we as a country are facing, Mr Corbyn’s unwillingness to talk to his Prime Minister is reprehensible. Contrasted with the people he does talk to it shows in stark terms how little he thinks about the people of the UK
No deal if the default Brexit strategy , not long to wait
all this momentous announcement about Brian Crowley,what did he ever do in EU,he got big vote ok,but much of that was sympathy,he sat on seat for years at crucial time re Brexit due to illness maybe,why did he not vacate
Up to the Government NOT UP TO THE PEOPLE? She’s a communist!
Getting ready to talk to Channel #Brexit
"SO THAT'S BREXIT! COMING UP! WATCH IT! WATCH BREXIT! WATCH IT! WATCH IT! IT'S GONNA MOVE! WATCH BREXIT! IT'S BREXIT!"
Brexit Talks in progress.
Because May's deal isnt about solving Brexit. It's an exit agreement
The subject of brexit, immigration or religion, really brings out the dumb in people. Also shows how some people are massively lacking in any kind of empathy or compassion.
Billboard campaign reminds voters of MPs' Brexit promises
These people play rough. It's taken them over a century to get to this point, only to have the Brexit vote ruin it. They aren't going to go quietly. Be careful, and don't fall for their traps. Such as a re-vote, a no-Brexit Brexit, etc. Or something much darker.
I certainly don’t view food/clothes costing more, travel costing more, having less £’s etc as winning. That’s the reality of Brexit. That’s the cost of independence for the foreseeable future.
Agreed but Brexit is displacement. Whatever happens with the EU relationship (or the relationship with rest of the world) the core problem remains: the UK's antiquated and failing political institutions.
Sleeves rolled up ... tie loosened ... coordinated hand gestures... this is what a manufactured banksters white looks and acts like ... he carry’s On whilst his own country burns .. he sold his people a lie , he’s got 14% approval ... this guys opinion is worthless
If the country voted to #Brexit to send a message to politicians that they’re sick of the same old order and want to shake up the system yesterday’s vote of no confidence is proof no one listened. They all closed ranks. Two party politics lives on.
David Cameron should have done his job! If he got severance pay he should pay it back! Either way we needed decent leadership to say this is how it’s going to be Leave deal or no deal and knock any remoaning on the head and all pull together to make Brexit happen.
I dont think Hammond ran this past her before he opened his mouth. The DUP want a hard Brexit and this is what May has been playing for all along. If she takes hard Brexit off the table like Corbyn asked, the supply deal is dead and she loses the next confidence vote.
Your not on your own mr cox ! I think manking will dicover light speed interstellar travel before the afore mentioned politicians come togethet yo so brexit ! Just a thought sir
I love the understated description of the DUP in this thread: “the most reactionary, one-eyed, uncompromising headbangers in British politics”.
Something about gauntlets being thrown down :-) Any other publishers taking this step?
Already!
As with most companies and industries we are having to put some serious thought into the consequences to our clients of a no-deal #Brexit has issued advice with regard to Green Cards
So betide those that betray us, they will live to regret it
...Remember this not-ageing-well offering from Daniel Hannan, dated 21.6.16? A rich quotes hunting grounds, I reckon:
Brexit: Theresa May meeting MPs 'to seek consensus' Take #NODeal off table Take #Remain off table Take #PM off table then find acceptable #Brexit deal Which delivers on #Referendum #tory #Labour #Corbyn #May you both need heads knocking together hard
New post (Brexit, U.S. Trade And Government Shutdown In Focus) has been published on - Thursday, January 17: Five Things The Markets Are Talking About With the U.S. government shutdown and the U.K’s Brexit standoff o... -
Cautionary tale for Canadians on avoiding oversimplified polarized debates. "Like those who vote for tax cuts while demanding increased government spending and balanced budgets, a vote in favour of something doesn't mean it's possible." #elxn43 #brexit
ALERT ALERT! A SELF REFLECTIVE ARTICLE ABOUT BREXIT!
It’s q interesting that it’s the people with nothing to lose (at the top and bottom of society) who seem to be pro Brexit, and the middle (who have a lot to lose) against it...
Ministers tell May: Let MPs decide on Brexit or we'll quit #PeoplesVote #PeoplesVoteNow #RevokeA50
No, I support a second referendum, like 80% of Labour supporters. Corbyn lost the no confidence vote, it's time to back a second referendum. It says so in their own Brexit strategy.
The CBI accuses far-right Tory MPs of 'putting their fingers in their ears' and says the UK is like a super-tanker heading towards the rocks because of the government's Brexit red-lines.
The Malign Incompetence of the British Ruling Class via
Because in reality they do give a monkeys about Brexit either way; this is just part of their sad attempt to prevent a Corbyn led government - rich people never want a government that will require them to pay reasonable amounts of tax
Standing up for 16.1 million people is perfectly reasonable Alistair. We need to put Article 50 on hold, widely consult the British people about what sort of post Brexit relationship they want with the EU, then put it to a referendum.
Did you hear Gove’s speech yesterday? I might disagree with him on Brexit but it was brilliant piece of oratory, rarely seen in this. Commons
Grubby, serious question: do you think Brexit will cause the reunification of Ireland first, or Scottish independence?
Brexit talks: What does the DUP want? - BBC News- It’s seems to b what everyone else wants. What about the voters that voted to leave the EU. R they going to be considered? Or is it just the ones that think they r the elite? U r all employees of the voters
Leading figures from the world of post and vfx are among signatories from business world to a letter calling for People's Vote - #Brexit
Agree in part. (And Corbyn has been a gift for her because of his anti-EU stance and failure to position his party in the way its member want.) No Deal is now expressed as something to avoid and No Brexit is increasingly mentioned. I believe May's is manoeuvring toward NO BREXIT.
Just looking at both these faces angers me but strip the whole situation down and they are all in the same boat. Anti brexit Anti the people.
I wrote this article in March 2017, on the morning that Theresa May triggered Article 50. And O the abuse I received as a result. (Read the comments too if can face it).
Customs union: could it give May a way out of her Brexit dilemma?
can't agree more!
The Gallagher brothers are Tory, pro brexit, egotistical wankers who haven't done anything interesting since the 90's honestly Fuck em
Strasbourg: Capital of the EU and "The Future of Europe" #HCStracheFP #KernChri #vanderbellen #MSZ_RP #LeaveEU #welingelicht #RTL4 #geertwilderspv #Pontifex #Brexit #ITAExit #FRExit #OfficialVatican #Vatileaks #JustinWelby #ConfAmbass #timmermansEU
For those of you wondering how life in Putin’s UK will be after Brexit, you only need look at the USA going through the terminal #TrumpShutdown. The time will come when eating food from a food bank will be a symbol of status, and not of supposed shame.
#ProjectFear kicking it up a gear. #RICS claiming that #Brexit is driving down house prices, adversely affecting the market. It’s all about the context: putting it another way, houses might become more affordable for ordinary people!
I'm pretty tired of the project fear title , that title really belongs to Leave who scared people into voting for Brexit. "Business investment continues to disappoint, with the volume of plant, machinery and new buildings having barely grown in the UK since the EU referendum".
Grow up, stop playing politics and get round the table
I think this too. Labour have yet to agree the one size fits all Brexit policy. I would like to know how many years are needed to put another deal on the table. 1st prevent an accidental / crash out / no deal semantics) and sign this petition: repeal WA
Thats because she wants the staunch Cons to blame someone else when she finally sticks the last knife and declare an extension of Art50? To keep her rich friends in dosh!?&gt;
I respect and applaud you sir. We may have different opinions on Brexit but your dignified stance against this type of sick ideology must be commended.
- take no deal AND no Brexit off the table. This is a fair compromise &amp; FORCES a compromise solution from Parliament
Declaring war on their own people..shameless. British army reservists called up to help prepare for no-deal Brexit
Riven by crisis, UK searches for Brexit emergency ‘plan B’
What Germany should do about Europe _ Cem Ozdemir
France triggers 'hard Brexit' plan as no-deal exit is more and more likely
An election is utterly futile to resolve Brexit. Do I vote for the blue flavour Brexit or the red flavour Brexit? We'd just end up in exactly the same situation we're in now.
has it :
Vibe Le Gilet Jeune ... he cant even row his own boat so STFU
Well what a surprise.... #brexit
A poetic, amusing and terrifying series of Twitter posts by the unrated author . #Brexit
The PM can't arbitrarily do away with the law. WTO rules Brexit is in primary legislation.
I don't think he knows how to talk gently. Sometimes you have to do deals and work with people you dislike. Get over it Mr Burgeon. It's called working in the real world.
BBC News - No-deal Brexit warning for UK drivers
The delay of EU Brexit where their going put it back1 yr. has nil to do with U.K. turmoil. It has more to do with Germany &amp; France in Crisis over money, getting lesser&amp; letting too many MUSLIMS in to their countries upsetting their people who don’t want them there.
VentureBeat: Box prepares for Brexit with new U.K. cloud zone Box has launched a new cloud zone that is based entirely in the U.K., as the Silicon Valley giant gears up for the Brexit More
After 2,5 years the UK government has finally arrived at the starting point of #brexit ... let’s sit down with cross party parliament and discuss how to exit with a majority. I doubt primary school pupils would have taken that long to figure it out. #BrexitChaos #BrexitShambles
Has your supplier got a #Brexit plan in place? One of our members, has.
let's re-animate Attila The Hun and see if he can sort out this European embuggerance #Brexit
Make me PM for one day, and I will revoke #Article50 . Anything else will be a disaster, and people will die. #Brexit
The only real 'fear' I ever see comes from extreme (or maybe not so extreme ! ) brexiteers threatening civil unrest if somehow brexit doesnt happen. Also vile and intimidatory behaviour from the same.
Brussels must heed this vote and compromise, Express Comment | Express Comment | Comment |
You voted for Article 50 which states we leave on March 29th even if no deal is secured. You and your party can now be seen as the lying pieces of faecal matter that you are. How anyone who voted leave can trust you is beyond me. #Brexit #Labour #LeaveMeansLeave
People on FB still peddaling Brexit bullshit like we will lose control of our armies, taxation etc if we remain in Europe. These people are thick as pigshit
Wales, you voted for it....
Conspiracy theories in 3...2...1...
Anyone looking to hire Wellcome funded fellows somewhere hot and sunny, and without Brexit going on...?
Are the European Commission really refusing to remove the "Backstop" from Theresa May`s Brexit Deal, at the risk of creating a £39bn Black Hole in their Budget?
What a free press looks like #Brexit #corbyn #may #BrexitVote
Arch-globalist and highly unpopular French President Macron says '' Brexit is impossible, Brits voted for Leave because of fake news !'' This is what the establishment thinks of #Brexit. #giletsjaunes, #Geldwesten #Antiglobalismus
I agree Corbyns to busy hating jews, supporting Hamas, meeting the IRA and promoting communism to ruin Brexit... He's a wicked man #AllCorbynsFault #NoDealBrexit
EXCLUSIVE Poland joined the list of European countries that think some extension to the Brexit deadline is likely. via
In well over 10000 tweets I cannot ever remember using the ‘f word’ but in your case on Brexit - you can fuck right off.
Me too!
#UK #Labour leader says any new #Brexit referendum can't be a re-run of 2016 #BaghdadPost
Your right Labour not going anywhere lol! Bring on no deal Brexit!
This is an Old diversionary tactic. There’s problems within Labour and SNP that no one is seeing. Their leaders are using Brexit to divert the pressure from themselves. Dangerous game and could end up with one of those leaders having to go
No-deal Brexit could be ‘taken off the table’, admits chancellor
Oh, interesting, I misread the article. So you're saying that forecasts have already performed poorly, so there's no reason to believe further forecasts by Leave opponents. Is there any positive reason to desire Brexit? Do you just desire the fullest sovereignty possible?
#BrexitShambles theresa may wants to deliver on what the people want. But what do the people want? #NoConfidenceVote #MeaningfulVote #brexit
Yes, I agree, I more just wanted to make the point. (TBH I can't work out what Brexit end state isn't either simply as was for the DUP or a bit worse)
Glad you liked it, I'm so bored and sick of Brexit. Never mind the EU, stop the world I want to get off.
What was the starting point before you sat down with the IRA and Hezbollah? Would like to think it was to stop killing British soldiers and kidnapping British citizens.
has it :
Stick to the day job (reporting) and avoid the politics because you're getting everything wrong and messing things up. NM 1/2
- take no deal AND no Brexit off the table. This is a fair compromise &amp; FORCES a compromise solution from Parliament
Everything this bloke does is a stunt. In bed with IRA, Jews, Muslims or whoever else. He doesn’t have the interests of anyone but himself at heart but will play on it to get into number 10. Not my country but what a wanker he is!
The stockpiling toys ahead of #Brexit
Corbyn is very much Pro Brexit The man is too stupid to be anyones puppet........well unless he is the IRA's puppet! Tory Voters should love him, he is totally unelectable nationally!
Brexit: Rule out no-deal, Jeremy Corbyn tells Theresa May
KPMG to advise Patisserie Valerie - after problems found to be worse than thought. If only the Chairman had kept his eye on the ball instead of pushing Brexit.
The 49 million of the population who didn't vote leave hope you are right. Even better, May, with or without a vote in the house, could withdraw her A50 letter
I think if any other person was leading it you would be right, but alas I think Corbyn has probably been dreaming of leading a left-wing brexit since he became a politician.
Sammy Wilson: Her failure to negotiate with any real skill or zeal to date is the reason why we have this disastrous agreement and why she was pulverised in the lobbies on Tuesday.
Sid Vicious didn't die for this
But not when PM &amp; Chancellor are remainers we need a new PM now
We should have perhaps wished France good luck figuring out Petain and Hitler in 1940.
True, but thank god they didn't all just happen to be countries nearby.
She's deliberately cooked up a bad deal, because she, or more importantly her Tory party donors, doesn't want Brexit. No question about that.
Sammy Wilson: Her failure to negotiate with any real skill or zeal to date is the reason why we have this disastrous agreement and why she...
Except by Arron Banks and the DUP.
In other words if no deal is taken off the table, a public vote looks unlikely because there's no incentive to save the UK from disaster by any means possible. So the remain camp also need the spectre of no deal to force Corbyn's hand. My head is starting to hurt :(
This...is Brexit Britain
Has to follow it for 39 more working Days #Brexit !.. #GDPR #Pointless
This is solution to this whole Brexit debacle
UK govt survives no-confidence vote by tiny margin #uk #UnitedKingdom #EuropeanUnion #brexit #JeremyCorbyn #TheresaMay
The never ending bourach that is Brexit continues to grab every headline. Late collaborative discussions are welcome but we also need to look at the dysfunctional system of government in the UK. The current system is no longer fit for purpose.
#Brexit for dummies
Alternative funding solution to Brexit finance problems for small businesses [ ]
Brexit votes this week: My view from the House of Commons - Thangam Debbonaire MP #PeoplesVote #PeoplesVoteNow #RevokeA50
GBP/USD breaks above 1.29 as Theresa May announces January 29th vote on Brexit "Plan B." View chart &gt;&gt;&gt; 76.6% of retail CFD accounts lose money.
research into #Brexit facts for #BrexitVote
Haven’t been in London since the Brexit referendum in 2016, and just last night finished brilliant ‘Heroic Failure’ ahead of my trip today. London feels different, somehow, or I’m seeing it with different eyes.
The Malign Incompetence of the British Ruling Class "With Brexit, the chumocrats who drew borders from India to Ireland are getting a taste of their own medicine."
May will stick to #Brexit ‘principles’ in cross-party talks, says No 10. when asked whether May was willing to flex any of her negotiating red lines, he said they remained in place. #stopBrexit #revokeA50 #remain
Theresa May Wins Confidence Vote Despite Brexit Humiliation, Asks Lawmakers to Shun 'Self ...
making up her own Brexit. What is the motivation around this trade issue? Someone appoint a Mueller please.
May-zee, May-zee Give us your answer, do We’re half cray-zee Won’dring what you will do It won’t be the style of Farridge Who can’t afford a carriage But we’ll look sweet Prostate at the feet Of our no-deal with EU #Brexit #2019ASpaceIdiocy #PeoplesVoteNow
Pharma comments on Brexit withdrawal rejection
The whole of the Establishment is the problem, puppets of the globalist elite. Now is the time for real change. We need a party of the People for the People. Brexit in full with No Deals and to start putting the people of Britain first! WWG1WGA #YellowVestsUK
Brexit Armageddon #Brexit #UK #Europe #SeaborneFreight #NoDealBrexit
WHERE WAS THIS SIX MONTHS AGO
The Rudderless West
I'd like to see a single centrist pro-Brexit party, so it would help if they came together...............it will be a struggle enough getting a pro-Brexit candidate in every constituency.
Stephen Colbert drops Mary Poppins into a post-Brexit apocalypse. Jimmy Fallon strands Spider-Man in the U.S. shutdown.
Jonathan, we appreciate your help but I think you may want to concentrate and tweet about UK Brexit problems. We are already saturated here with ppl that have just one narrative all the time and be not objective on anything 24/7. Love UK by the way! :)
An example
It’s 61% actually, but I catch your drift.
Personally I'd love to hear #TonyBlair on a #DesertIslandDiscs Special... at the end of the show they leave him on the f###ing island. #Brexit
From #Reddit: Gamblers predicted Brexit before financial traders, study finds via /r/Economics
Brexit deal: Meetings aren't a Plan B
nobody explains how this agreement can be reached unless EU backs down eventually thru maintaining NoDeal Brexit
Except Brexit even if it were #Fortnumstea
Corbyn the Brexit Wicker Man
France triggers ‘hard Brexit’ plan as no-deal exit is more and more likely
“Oxford chums” who caust through life on “bluff rather than expertise”. “Britain is governed by a self-involved clique that rewards group membership above competence and self-confidence above expertise”.
Dover bosses shoot down Project Fear warnings as they vow No Deal Brexit WON'T stop boats or trains crossing Channel
We are out of time - enough of this dilly-dallying! Just come out and support as you committed to at conference, as committed to in her letter to me as want! LEAD! #brexit
Didn't say all. You assumed. I used the word overwhelmingly meaning mostly. See, unlike the people you tend to associate with I find it foolish to use absolutes. I'm not interested in you trying to pervert my words. Enjoy your failed brexit.
Between the Brexit fiasco and the Trumpian one, we are drifting toward a moment of civilizational self-negation. My column on the Rudderless West in :
"Brexit means Brexit" means "I can make up what I like"
Perfect example - JLR announcing the cuts of 4500 jobs. Their actual statements and interviews have all said that the major reason is a significant drop in sales in China and a poor policy on supporting diesel and not electric. Brexit is a side note. Didn't stop the press though.
Douglas Murray:Talking common sense MK: Recently on the Web a video was circulating of a Syrian child being horribly bullied at a school in England. Douglas Murray: When I was at school,...
Interesting isn't it, because older voters voted the "wrong" way Its now suggested that they have their ability to vote removed or discounted because they might be dead. That tells me all I need to know. These people only belive in democracy when it suits them #brexit
Gapes is against brexit and will twist an turn line all remainers. Stemming the tide of immigration, opening independent links with other trade opportunities &amp; being our own people is enough of an opportunity. &amp; yes i’d love a wall in NI
A thread.
Corbyn has only one interest which is power and selfishly ahead of country. Playing political games with Brexit at this stage also shows up his Momentum ideology backing for what it is.
I've just realised with growing dread that I'm going to have to explain all this to my kids/grandkids when they learn about it in school :P "You witnessed Brexit, right? What was all that about?" "Weeeell, it all started with a blonde ape who went to Brussels..."
"By accusing the European Research Group (ERG) of thwarting Brexit by voting down Mrs May’s deal, the Environment Secretary appears to have sounded the death knell on his leadership hopes." May's WA was Remain with No Say, not Brexit. British people now very angry
Brexit If free trade so good why is Trump putting tariffs on? Rees Mogg PLEASE ANSWER
Tories and Labour voting against ruling out a no-deal Brexit.
This thread from is the most level-headed and rational analysis of the options ahead that I’ve yet read. Which means it won’t even be considered.
It'd be interesting to see if the use of cap locks increases as the Brexit doomsday approaches.
That's Brexit for you.
If 40000000 or so if us all shout OBJECT simultaneously, can we stop Bonkers Brexit?
Because the Tories could well lose the next election if they continue with Brexit.
- take no deal AND no Brexit off the table. This is a fair compromise &amp; FORCES a compromise solution from Parliament
Philip Hammond faces Cabinet backlash over no-deal Brexit as ministers say he is a 'rogue element'
Brexit working so well
An illustration of why nobody can credibly claim the referendum result wasn’t listened to or respected. Suppliers to public services (like me) felt this as soon as the referendum result was declared. points out the hit on colleagues &amp; clients in public services.
Corbyn understands that many of us who voted leave are not thick, gullible or xenophobic and our votes cannot be ignored without dire consequences for our democracy. We need an election ASAP! #JC4PM
No, you idiot. By not talking to May, you are increasing the liklihood of the default option, which is a no-deal Brexit. But you've wanted that for 40 years. This strategy will impact most badly on those that need help the most. Mendacious and callous.
23 eggs a week for me ! Preparing for Brexit then
Point taken. Today's Brits *are* the girliest they've ever been.
mate that’s so wrong, the only party who would do any good for this country at the moment is Labour, in terms of Brexit and in general
Support for Remain highest since referendum, Brexit poll finds
#Brexit #DowningStreet #LeadersMeet #Gove #StopBrexit #Tories #Labour #LibDems #Greens #Yorkshire #DUP #SNP #SDLP #devolution #FinalSay #PeoplesVote #FBPE #EFTA Devolve all lawmaking and taxation to the EU member states Confederate as equals in #Brussels
Are the European Commission really refusing to remove the "Backstop" from Theresa May`s Brexit Deal, at the risk of creating a £39bn Black Hole in their Budget?
Of course they are...
'faced with either calling the whole thing off or going through with #Brexit with no exit plan at all.. whole UK suddenly realised they don't have a condom and they're like, "Well, we know what the smart thing is to do but we also really wanted to get screwed so..."'
Anti-Brexit Tory MP Anna Soubry asks: who runs the country? – video
He needs to be kicked out now he has proved what a biased idiot he is.
You know mps are like as they plug there ears and don’t care.....Brexit news: Julia Hartley-Brewer has DIRE WARNING for Theresa May | UK | News |
List of #Brexit informative events in #Spain via More here
Se llama Brexit: The Uncivil War
Couldn't agree more! #Brexit
Not dental, but funny.
There is going to be no election, so you'd better get used to the idea that it will be a Tory Brexit!
Brexit latest: we are now arguing about a table and what is and isn’t on it.
The latest The Santirta Martendano Daily! #brexit #forbesunder30
The latest The Scottish independence Daily! Thanks to #brexit #brexitshambles
Vague hypothesis: Radio phone-ins where the public call in about Brexit are a complete waste of time. Basically space-filling with the ignorati, because there aren't enough experts to fill the amount of radio airtime available. (Prompted after hearing a bit of Jeremy Vine)
But we B——dy are !!!!
That’s what I said. Her track record of human rights didn’t concern you. This is a woman who literally wanted to continue oppression of LGBTQ rights, had a hand in Windrush, couldn’t be arsed to address Grenfell... but Brexit was a step too far, right?
The Real Brexit Elite
After the massive defeat of the Brexit deal, business leaders call for a People's Vote to end the deadlock
I assume you're not stocking up for Brexit then.
He does, just not all the time. Like the 29 actual Brexit secretaries we seem to have gone through with the Tories. Can’t even name the latest one!
is correct the initial referendum was invalid due to misinformation and tampering so it does not need to be “honoured”.
Which is complete rubbish. The original vote was a binary decision, but the brexit deal on offer is virtually the unanimous interpretation of one person beholden to an irresponsible Right wing. Who knows the intentions or expectations from 2016. It was never recorded. This is now
So he will turn off a third of traditional labour supporters in the North if he stops. Brexit or no deal option and this idiot wants a GE and thinks he can get an overriding majority
Fridges, planes and soldiers: How the UK is preparing for a no-deal…
How does this Monster sleep at Night??....answer,he doesn't...he sleeps in his Coffin,during day,and is brought out for interviews in a Special Tinted-Windowed Hearse driven by 'Lurch-(Ooo I'm so depressed ),Campbell via darkened Basement's only.Absolutely NO natural light....
Sadly it would appear you can indeed make it up, it's what and leave did during the referendum and it's what the government have been doing since. At some point reality will kick back in and the fairy tales of brexit will return to their place on the bookshelf.
BBC News - No-deal Brexit warning for UK drivers
so... let's get this straight. May is asking for another vote, but won't give it to the people? She wants MPs to compromise, but she won't? She wants her deal to go ahead? that'll be the hallmarks of a dictator then #brexit #maymustgo #welcometotheoccupation
I liked a video Mary Poppins: Post-Brexit
You are willing to tell your own members a pack of lies to keep your precious EU £1m funding. You are liars and the British public deserve better than the one-sided BBC allowing you to broadcast such rubbish. #managednodeal #Brexit
Maybe the worst part of the Brexit boondoggle is that the “better” trade deals the U.K. wanted were probably never going to happen.
tbh, Brexit voters who are still wedded to their decision get fewer by the day. They're NOT hearing about benefits anymore - because it's clear they're aren't any tangible benefits, but loads of costs/losses. All rich BrexitMongers have left is - "We Won"
REVEALED: Macron ATTACKS Brexit voters in OUTRAGEOUS RANT! via
Too many for someone who clearly can’t figure out how to handle brexit. Buuuuut I think a lot of people are afraid to vote her out bc it means the UK wouldn’t have a government anymore
Brexit re article 50 it must not be suspended/stopped under any circumstances
Only mediocre leaders could bring Britain to this state of chaos. If both our main parties had just competent leaders, we would not be in the state we are in. With great statesmen, and an independent media, Brexit would never have happened.
The has voted to reiterate its support for a #PeoplesVote . Having seen the utter mess this Government has made of Brexit, people have the right to change their minds
EU have made it clear the Single Market is impossible without Freedom of Movement. is proposing a very soft Brexit indeed. It begs the question, ‘what’s the point of Brexit at all?’ All but the most brainwashed know the answer to that question.
I need a mental version of this when I overthink just the slightest. #ORDDDDERRRRRRRR
A bit worrying from all these so called champions of democracy that they believe Mr Corbyn should not be included in Brexit talks. Democracy when it suits
OH hang on here Mrs May: [1] You concoted impossible red lines that could not be met [2] Your subsequent deal was defeated by 230 votes [3] You now say you are open to cross-party talks [4] You stick to your concoted red lines HUH!?
JC should never be a PM, but one speech from Gove won't erase the mess Theresa May made from Brexit. We won't forget the outrageous deal she just tried to push through. #LeaveMeansLeave #LetsGoWTO
BREXIT: Emmanuel Macron’s summation of Brexit: ‘The British ppl were sold a lie’ – video /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Arch-globalist and highly unpopular French President Macron says '' Brexit is impossible, Brits voted for Leave because of fake news !'' This is what the establishment thinks of #Brexit. #giletsjaunes, #Geldwesten #Antiglobalismus
Also
He did more than talk about Brexit. Maybe you should post a video of him telling us about screwing pensioners out of £7k a year.
I dont remember being asked what flavour of Brexit was acceptable - it was IN or OUT.
the conditions that produced Brexit still exist, are even worse now. People like you need to realise that xenophobia comes about when the poor are persecuted. Austerity leads to helplessness, a feeling of control comes with nationalism. Stupid I know, but its well known (1930s).
To get any deal past parliament the PM will have to violate her own red lines, and frustrate the will of the people. The only way to secure Brexit is to leave on #WTO terms. #WTOBREXITNOW.
Hitachi scraps £16bn nuclear power station in Wales. Nuclear power is not the easy solution like some think. Just like Brexit, new nuclear takes longer and costs more than advocates say!
I'm moved by this important news - overshadowed somewhat by Brexit, but nonetheless I think it should have been reported more widely.
Posted...
Thanks for a very interesting dialogue on #Brexit and geopolitics with #FletcherGMAP students. Your and colleagues thought you were especially fab! #GMAPinSingapore
Or at the least FOM. They should have done the day after the referendum. Taking the fight to the English labour heartlands, saying it’s not an immigration problem, but austerity / wealth accumulation in the South. But Corbyn took the easy way out for his own #Brexit convenience.
To many it was, they wrongly thought Corbyn presented a hope of stopping Brexit. They’re starting to realise they were wrong and they won’t forgive Jeremy for helping to deliver Brexit, which will punish the most vulnerable people in society.
Momentum appears to be gathering for a rebellion.
I agree with the overwhelming number of MPs who believe a No Deal Brexit would be deeply damaging to the UK. I totally understand why he'd want this off the table.
a sad and disappointing choice of words. The DUP didn’t ask for Brexit on their own. 17.4M people voted for it. Respect democracy, it has served you well and given you the lifestyle you now have!
I have been known "to brexit" at a party. I am glad to have a word for this behavior.
The latest At a Glance...! #brexit #trump
3. “ the British political class has offered to the world an astounding spectacle of mendacious, intellectually limited hustlers.”- The New York Times
He actually , as did many others , offer to join in involvement in the Brexit process from the outset but was disdainfully &amp; undemocratically excluded from that process. Remember - " I'm not giving a Running Commentary " ...
Oh noes. Elitist globalist doesn't like Brexit.
I like this one: db_webb Ignore the Pavlovian reaction from the haters whenever Tony Blair speaks. Listen to what he's saying instead and make up your own mind. Interview starts at 08.10. #r4today John …
Cross party support and cooperation has always been available to Theresa May. Since the start of the Brexit process she has micromanaged every stage and element. This is a mess of her own making and hers to sort out.
BBC News - No-deal Brexit - the data dilemma
It's funny. Much as I think Corbyn is a wet blanket, I think I'd rather him negotiating brexit with the EU than May. I know, crazy right? I think Corbyn at least believes he's doing what's best for the country, no matter how incompetent.
Theresa May: 'I am open to talks' Also Theresa May: 'I'm not changing one fuckin thing &amp; I will kill you all before I change my stance on brexit' #gtto #TheresaMay #ToriesOut #BrexitVote #Brexit
British politics is at a stalemate, the PM won't compromise, Parliament will not accept her deal and it is the public's future that is being held ransom. Unacceptable. So let the people decide with a GE and/or People's vote. Fresh eyes are needed. #Brexit #NoConfidenceMotion
Laughed through all of this.
Top notch
Why isn’t the media narrative “Theresa May rebuffs the offer of talks with Jeremy Corbyn as she is unwilling to remove her threat of a suicidal no deal Brexit”
A 'no deal' Brexit is best for Britain and the United States | Fox News
No doubt the likes of or will say, this is just a problem for middle class people... ...thereby showing how little they know or care about Northern Ireland or freight businesses.
Tony Blair Will not defy logic by negotiating #Brexit with whilst her political ill-wind blows towards the unstable 'no deal cliff edge' This is not a stable platform for conciliatory talks and is too late in the day.
Perfectly stated!
Okay, I think most of us are fully aware that this move isn't 'because of' Brexit, but let's also all be clear and honest about it - it *really* doesn't help, does it....?
Tl:dr SNP/LDs/Greens/PC were pushing Corbyn to call a Vote of No Confidence before Xmas because they knew he was delaying it to avoid calling for a #PeoplesVote They're refusing to support him in calling multiple pointless VoNCs for the same reason
Including ex-leave voters like Dr Charles Gallaher, .
Brexit: More than 170 business leaders urge Theresa May to back fresh referendum after deal rejected by MPs - The Independent
No deal #Brexit is real possibility: “it remains to be seen whether parliament is capable of avoiding a no-deal Brexit—which is the default consequence of the triggering of Article 50 which parliament itself authorised.” #WithdrawalAgreement
Totally agree!!!
She has already said she doesn't &amp; that's why she is holding talks to try to find &amp; an alternatives, without Corbyn who is making no deal more likely by not talking about any alternatives but the DUP are. No backstop or no deal. #Brexit #NoDeal
Stick to the day job (reporting) and avoid the politics because you're getting everything wrong and messing things up. NM 2/2
Thank you,Cllr Simpson As a matter of interest,are there really only 24k EU cits in Camden? said 22k in her constituency alone It's possible-you surely can access data I can't,I just find it odd there'd be only 2k EU nats in Holborn&amp;St.Pancras
Germany says it's hardly imaginable that the Brexit agreement will be reconsidered.
There is no evidence that Theresa May will listen to the MPs shrle has agrees to meet. She has gone it alone for two and a half years so what makes anyone think she will change now? If she causes No Deal she will ruin our nation. #Brexit
Yep. Prior to the referendum, many Brexiteers would not shut up about how great Norway and Switzerland have it. Do you really think they voted for a No-Deal Brexit? Here's an example
So the 2 last Brexit-supporting newspapers have fared better than almost any others ie &amp; Turncoat &amp; hit harder
Petition: Brexit re article 50 it must not be suspended/stopped under any circumstances
Brexit means Not having to suffer EU-funded Irish "gender" experts telling me how I should run my life. That alone is priceless.
Tell MPs: work cross-party to fix Brexit. Add your name now via
Philip Hammond faces Cabinet backlash over no-deal Brexit as ministers say he is a 'rogue element' via
Preparing Your Business for a #NoDealBrexit. We have taken the key points and produced a guide with some ACTION NOW points. All we want is for our customers to be able to carry on trading in Europe. Read more #Freight #ferry #HGV #Van #Courier #Haulier
What a disgusting attitude towards our fellow citizens. And one reminiscent of the worst of the cybernats after #indyref. #Brexit
Forget the Brexit part. The video is adorable.
#BrexitVote #Brexit If Theresa May's Brexit deal was overwhelmingly defeated then how come you guys voted confidence in Theresa May?! Please MAKE UP YOUR MIND PEOPLE!
Spot on Macron!
Posted...
I cannot ever see Jeremy Corbyn ever agreeing to that whilst he is leader of the Labour Party. He wants #Brexit full stop.
I think the reasoning is that if some of May's red lines are dropped, the EU will be up for negotiating a different deal. This is true, but getting May to agree to keep FOM and stay in the customs union is a tall order, and would rule out most of the supposed 'benefits' of Brexit
The UK Government has NOT guaranteed the rights of EU citizens living in the UK. Instead, it forces to apply and pay to stay in their own home and lose some of their existing rights. I'd encourage you to watch this video here: #HandsOff
Totally agree. When this brexit nonsense ends people like Mann will be dealt with. Some like Wes Streeting might just have realised what's happened as he gave a great speech yesterday. I still don't trust him but....
It's like we're trapped in a field of thorns. Everyone's saying: "we can't go that way, we'll get cut." Yes, any path you take will result in lots of cuts. But we still have to get out. Getting out unscathed is impossible. 1 or multiple parties are going to suffer.
- take no deal AND no Brexit off the table. This is a fair compromise &amp; FORCES a compromise solution from Parliament
French Government Activates Plan For No-Deal Brexit - NNU POST
but members are 0.5m out of an electorate of 45m. You might find this an interesting, but disheartening, read:
I have signed the People’s Vote Petition to demand a vote on the Brexit deal.We, the people, have the democratic right to determine our own future: #PeoplesVote
Brexit LIVE: Hammond's plot to WITHDRAW Art 50 and block no deal - REVEALED | Politics | News |
From today....
HEADLINES: Brexit: What’s next?
Perhaps because a No Deal brexit is a much bigger threat to our country than all of those put together. Millions facing poverty, medical supplies rationed, the worst recession since WW2. You Tories used to be the party of business, you'll never win another election again.
Corbyn would not be able to turn the UK into a socialist hellhole as long as it's in the EU. He doesn't care what Brexit looks like because he has his own plans.
So is a people's vote or no taking a no deal brexit the red lines in any discussions with May?
I think #brexit is cover for the Netflix price increase
They don’t have an election to help them campaign for it, but if there was one right now and Labour continued to push thru with their plan for Brexit instead of listening to the overwhelming majority of their voter base, it’s an easy win for any Lib Dem councillor.
They also run polls on twitter suggesting people go to prison for manslaugher if people can’t get medicine because of #Brexit. It’s totally insane.
What's the latest on Brexit?
thought you’d appreciate this thread.
Brexit means tiresome screechy tweets like yours. I pity your students.
Brexit can be properly fixed if the interests of Brits considered...
This seems VERY plausible
Andy Serkis sings Brexit Bohemian Rhapsody as his Theresa May-Gollum character
Nice echo chamber you've got here.
[insert This Is Fine meme]
It's no deal! We have been part of the UK's culture and life for 18 years and Rainer's Bavarian Grill was invented in #London - For the potential success of our 'no oil' and 'fun and excitement' concept a NO-DEAL BREXIT MUST BE RULED OUT
Yeah I know, Brexit has been completely orchestrated, the electorate led by the nose on immigration, by a media ran by 5 billionaires who don't pay tax here. All to avoid new Tax Avoidance laws by the EU. Said this for long enough. Brexit is one massive tax dodge.
Surely the purpose of FMQs is to ask questions to FM. As Brexit is a UK Govt decision then why would Scottish opposition leaders ask FM question. - could you and other MSP’s explain concept of FMQs, he’s not grasping concept.
France triggers €50m contingency plan in case of no-deal Brexit
I find this very interesting. The Brexit fantasy as Chekhov’s Three Sisters. I so hope that he’s got it right
Brexit, El Chapo, Nairobi: Your Wednesday Briefing
Campaign groups like have been touting this line for months. People now actually think it is acceptable to tell 70year olds they don’t get to choose, or that leavers dying demonstrates the democratic failure of the referendum. They must be held accountable. #brexit
Eight songs to soundtrack the Brexit apocalypse
The DUP is “the political wing of the 17th century”
, you want to honour the results of the 2016 #Brexit referendum? Here's a very clever way to do it:
These are the muckers who are calling the shots. #brexit #wakeupandsmellthecoffee
Really fascinating work here. With #brexit I’d expect a similar outcome in the UK signs of it already among young Corbyn supporters...
A thousand times this. #Brexit
Support for Remain highest since referendum, Brexit poll finds
But you don’t want a brexit outcome
Make no mistake has proven to have been well out of depth as PM - the only reason she is hanging on now is to get a No Deal #Brexit over the line ! I suspect this has been the Cons plan all along!
Airports, customs, trade: Europe preps for a chaotic Brexit
This is appeasement at its best from May. She is open to reopening the Brexit Withdrawl Agreement knowing full well the EU will not entertain this as stated. Once other parties get a taste of this May will come back with her deal &amp; tell them it's this or a hard Brexit. DOH!
You will miss us dearly... yep, you will! #brexit à Paris Nord 19
Jeremy Corbyn doesn't know what Jeremy Corbyn's position is on Brexit. What chance do the rest of us have?
Our CEO Barry is speaking at 2:45 at the Brexit Stage upstairs (Head up the stairs and turn right when in the next convention room!) Someone is gaurenteed to leave the talk a Trillionaire! (Yes, seriously) #IrishManufacturingExpo #Brexit
Summed it perfectly
Refusing to talk until they take no deal off the table only helps run down the clock until a no deal brexit.
People's Vote: 88% of members want it. Support for any Brexit would damage Labour for 20 years &amp; hand the baton to , dividing the social democratic vote. your last chance. #EndtheMess #BacktotheFuture #Frauderendum16
Why do you assume Leave voters aren't as passionate as Remainers? Some people are bored with Brexit, but that doesn't mean they want it overturned. Only one poll published today &amp; commissioned by a Remainer shows a Remain lead above 54% - not multiple polls as you imply.
This is absolutely brilliant
Jeremy Corbyn: "I want to meet and talk about Brexit" Theresa May: "No" Jeremy Corbyn: "I want to meet and talk about Brexit" Theresa May: "No" Theresa May: "Oh, hang on. Yes, I need help now" Jeremy Corbyn: "Only if you put the national interest first" Theresa May: "No"
Jeremy Corbyn gets the date of May’s historic Brexit defeat on Tuesday WRONG
May’s Brexit Debacle: Britain Finally Confronts Reality
May 'open' to possible renegotiation of Brexit agreement
Regardless of my position on Brexit. If I were May I would declare no Brexit and let the EU panic and make them do the work and come to me with a deal; alternatively, crash out and the let them scramble a deal together the following weeks after. Flip the script/table.
Brexit warning to Canadians that manufacturing political division has economic consequences: Don Pittis
To be clear, I think all of these cases (Ireland, India, Brexit) were/are utter calamities, and the people in charge bear a large share of the responsibility. But it's just plain ahistorical to reduce these events to expressions of ruling-class arrogance. 6/
Is this the end, the begining of the end or the end of the beginning?
So he agrees with then - tell that #fakePM at #No10 will you? Philip Hammond tells business no-deal Brexit will be stopped
If you kill a load of old Brexit voters, that'll save a few bob won't it? Where did you get that horrible ol' lady hairdo, Polly?
Brexit: the unsettling business of applying for ‘settled status’ via
Isn't it time Corbyn threw in the towel? Believe it or not WE actually voted for a no-deal Brexit so he is a fascist or communist &amp; doesn't believe in democracy at all.I'm disgusted. He, doesn't actually KNOW what will happen when we leave the EU! It's just his OPINION!
Only a rupture with the EU will alter the failed status quo | Larry Elliott
It doesn't really matter what anyone against independence thinks, because it won't be stopped... You have your independence and we will have ours. Sick of Westminster and Brexit and the traitor football hooligans who call themselves unionists. Your finished.
What a miserable state we're in #brexit
Labour has done nothing to merit our support and demonstrably cannot win a confidence vote even when we vote with you. Turn your fire on the man who's holding the country to ransom, along with May, because he can't face losing out on his beloved Brexit.
The UK unites to tell Manu to sod off.
I think there's more danger of that from Grieve &amp; Hammond. Can anyone get those two to stop trampling on our Democratic vote. We will not vote for the Tory party if Brexit is ripped up.
Agree. What Remainers should have said after the first vote was 'we accept the result but we still want close ties with the EU. Here is our #Brexit deal proposal'. But they didn't they have just been in tantrum mode for three years.
Rudy Giuliani: 'I never said there was no collusion' by Trump campaign Well over due for a similar drains up over #Brexit
Mankind will achieve interstellar light speed travel before mr corbyn and mrs may will come together to sort any world issue let alone brexit
Brexit: Theresa May meeting MPs ‘to seek consensus’
'Fantasies are just fantasies'.
I've been super critical of Lab and Corbyn on Brexit but I genuinely don't understand the Lib Dems (but do I ever?) Corbyn has simply said take no deal off the table - which is long overdue - so do the Lib Dems actually not agree with that?
#brexit #nomorevoting do the politicians squabbling like school children not realise what they have done to our country? It’s no wonder nobody trusts them! It’s no wonder this country is a laughing stock! the people HAVE voted! just because it’s not the outcome wanted #no #justno
Let it be known that anything other than a no deal brexit after 29 March is a breach of law that our parliament put in place, it sets a precedence, that law can be broken with no repercussions.
My prediction on how Government will try to escape #Brexit chaos. Slightly amended deal v #Remain in a #PeoplesVote . If doesn't act quickly, he will look even more foolish than he does now!
Congratulations to Belgium Goverment with liberal and european approach!
Perhaps Hammond himself should be on the table. Following the wishes of the people should be a very simple exercise, unless you are commited against it. Theresa has already tried to subvert the public wish and it is giving her nightmares.
Brexit, U.S. Trade And Government Shutdown In Focus
Who remembers when this was £3, bloody Brexit
Or here's an idea. Resign . No PM is better than a bad PM.
Despite the people wanting the complete opposite - he needs to be kicked out!
If I can’t go to Benidorm and order fish and chips, this brexit can fuck itself !!!
I don’t understand why you voted against Brexit. Have you no respect for The Will of the People. Poor wee Daz will be fuming over this!
It’s time to get involved in the discussions now, not when you get what you want. It is better to be at the table and being party to this than not, there is no time to fart about now!
Hello? Has Twitter died? I just muted 'Brexit' and it has all gone blank.
Theresa May's Brexit deal has been defeated. Now, to stop a No Deal Brexit, we need more time. I’ve signed the emergency petition calling for Article 50 to be extended or withdrawn. You can sign it, and sign up to hear more from , here:
This entire letter is the closest you can get to common sense while still entertaining the idea that Brexit is - in any way, shape or form - a valid idea that won't have a significantly negative impact no matter how it happens.
Really good piece from The Guardian about Citizens Assemblies; what they are, where they've been used &amp; the range of issues they have addressed. Both the UK and internationally.
New slogan: “Brexit! Honor the departed.”
Hitachi warned the UK in 2016 that Brexit would jeopardise it’s investment. So no one should be surprised other than Davis, Fox, Johnson, Farage and May
#PeoplesVote only option. #UK ready to vote again and #EU is for sure -also to welcome back if that's what the Brits wants instead of #Brexit
Pankaj Mishra in fine form: As the “unimaginable chaos of no-deal Brexit looms, ordinary British people stand to suffer from the untreatable exit wounds once inflicted by Britain’s bumbling chumocrats on millions of Asians and Africans”
It may be time someone introduced the principles of Occam's Razor into the discussions on Brexit. #StopBrexit
Corbyn will happily meet with terrorists - but not May? Interesting approach. There is no incentive for the Wicked Witch to take #nodeal off the table - if nothing happens, that's what we get anyway! Wee Jimmy Crankie from the SNP not helping, poison dwarf. #Brexit
he has shown his true colours. He wants a referendum with WTO not on the table. He wants to a 2nd referendum with only remain options. Please get this message through to the Labour voters outside of London.
It is your duty so why allow Remoaners like Phillip Hammond to say he's cancelling No Deal? NO DEAL is BREXIT!
This is what I as as millenial chav think of Brexit - Iona K, 18 Horham #ThursdayThoughts #Brexit #BrexitShambles #brexitinbetweeners
Top story: May's government survives no-confidence vote after Brexit defeat | Politics | The Guardian see more
Top story: May's government survives no-confidence vote after Brexit defeat | Politics | The Guardian see more
I think we need a BrassEye special on Brexit. That'll definitely sort things out.
The one and only trump card we have to be able to negotiate a better deal. You really are something.
This 'magazine', that he has in his pubs, was delivered to my home, along with the takeaway menus. I can't help feeling that despite the articles about the beverages available in his pubs (Unicorn Gin anyone?), that it was just a blatant plug for his Brexit mission &amp; bullshit.
Me : So this is what Labour policy is on Brexit Colleague : But what do you think we should do? like m8, I can't manage my own pathetic life, don't be asking me what to do with the entire country
If it were not for the massive distraction of #Brexit, such issues would surely be better managed. BBC News - Nuclear plant in Anglesey cancelled by Hitachi
Brexit means unicorns and chocolate rivers.
The Sydney Morning Herald: 'You are embarrassing': Tony Abbott slapped down over Brexit claim. via
This is so sick #Brexit #LeaveMeansLeave
58 seconds of British House of Commons Speaker John Bercow calling naughty Members of Parliament to order, compiled by a German TV station #Brexit
Hi . How embarrassed were you submitting this article, on a scale of 1-10?? Did you not feel at any point that , because the story is complete and utter fucking bollocks, that you may just give it a miss?
“Why send £Squillions to Brussels when you can prepare for a civil war instead?!?!”
New Yougov poll 56% remain to 44% leave (excl don't knows). But Theresa May says the public wants Brexit to go ahead - and Corbyn doesn't disagree.
(Welshwoman now living in Sicily)..Good, stay there, enjoy the sun the food and the great weather. You are not missing a lot apart from the brexit tug of rope.
Thick ,stupid,unemployed,should of been allowed to vote on brexit, how can someone with no job make someobe at nissan lose their job
Excellent. "Taking back control" turning into Martial Law? "Defence Secretary Gavin Williamson told Parliament that 3,500 regular and reserve forces would be ready to be deployed across the country."
That should solve the problem of Brexit.
Seems the English-speaking world is basically shut down or shutting down. Perhaps Colbert can borrow &amp; adapt Brexit jokes.
UK motorists to EU will need insurance proof if no Brexit deal
So do you want a no deal brexit? Or are you even OK with risking one if a negotiation with May ends up with her siding with the ERG instead of literally everyone else?
REVEALED: Met ‘Colluded’ With Remain Figure To ARREST Pro-Brexit Activist
This #Brexit crisis is beyond a farce. The hard right and the DUP demand a hard Brexit - the total leaving of the EU and inevitable hard border in Ireland. Parliament has no appetite to deliver a hard Brexit and there is no middle ground between these positions.
Interesting....
I don't respect the outcome, they broke electoral rules, it was a narrow result and were not getting what was promised. We were promised unicorn brexit, paying nothing, taking no rules but getting all member benefits. "no one is saying leave the single market" Daniel hannan
DUP says no &amp; Parliament voted to leave with or without a deal. #Brexit #NoDeal
I think he knows perfectly well that he cannot win another NC vote, but is pursuing that option because he doesn't want to have to back a PV. He'd rather let the Tories take the country through a no-deal Brexit, bcs he thinks that would improve his chances of winning the next GE.
I think the guys high on gear and on fucking Scotland over.
France: To invest Fifty Million Euros into border controls facilities to protect from Post Brexit British invasion:
He has no say, nobody has any power to force a second ref. Just push brexit through.
Also, #Corbyn has nailed his colours to the mast now. He is unquestionably Pro-#Brexit - If there were to be a snap General Election he could not stand on a Pro-#Remain manifesto even though the Party is Pro-Remain and Pro-EU. My view is he'd rather resign.
I assume this joker is a . He doesn't seem so bothered about the Libdems helping at the ... again. Libdems: closer to the Tories than a Democratic Socialist . Maybe they fancy some more knighthoods. How many times does it have to be said?!
But unfortunately you don't employ them... The deep state global elite do...
Queen Should Suspend Parliament to Stop Remain MPs from Blocking Brexit "Gets my vote"
Want to understand the division that pushing for a second vote may cause for Labour? Read the comments to this thread where it is laid bare for all to see.
If May now decides on a no-deal Brexit, it will be her decision and her decision alone. What an epitaph.
“Millions of EU citizens could find it difficult to assert their right to remain in the UK after Brexit under Home Office rules denying them access to their own personal records, the high court has been told.” #BrexitShambles
Jeremy Corbyn has written a letter to Theresa May
The 1% the tory and rich elite classes will be fine and dandy no matter what happens with brexit and austerity Even the so called "man of the people" Farage is now so loaded with cash he can afford private planes. People are getting hammered while the tory heist rolls on.
The latest "How to Deal with Life Changes" Thanks to #brexit #uk
They're useful at a local level as a temperature gauge, but entirely useless at a national level.
Government ‘sneaks out’ £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote Disgraceful on several levels and Frank Field said just on #wato cuts could be even higher. Government trying to bury this bad news. Please RT. #bbcwato
Excellent article (as was Age of Anger an extraordinary book) but Brexit is really a proposed surrender of the chumocracy to the safety of England. The UK will unravel as the Etonians revert to their hinterland of turmoil.
Look at the audience at this Left meets Right pro #Brexit meeting with George Galloway, and Do they all look old? This idea that the young want to stay shackled to the EU &amp; the old want to leave is a tactic to divide &amp; rule.
As far as I understand it the executive retains the right to unilaterally revoke Brexit, but if it doesn’t there’s a clear parliamentary majority to approve such a mechanism.
:Tell MPs: work cross-party to fix #Brexit . Please sign &amp; RT. Many thanks. via
The way you fuckers talk anyone would think you got 70/30 win. You barely scraped a win despite all your cheating, misinformation and outright lying and racist dogwhistling. Brexit is dying, a growing number of us don’t and never wanted it. Can’t wait to see the back of you cunts
I agree Brexit was a con; TMs £39 Bn Remain without Rights, endless negotiations blackmail trap, disguised as Leave, is a con. If Leave No Deal is off the table. REMAIN IS THE BEST DEAL NOW - any other deal will leave us poorer with less rights - Time to tell us the TRUTH.
Don’t let Brexit get you down. Check out some great comedy in Kilburn next Tuesday night at the North London Tavern!
Mundell: govt open to all discussions on Brexit except for second referendum Scottish Tories yet again ignoring the clear wishes of the Scottish people &amp; selling us down the river. Stand up for your nation, you spineless arse
The working class in France are correct fighting for there rights not like us take everything that is chucked at us by our pantomine government who cant scrape up a Brexit deal &amp; running around like headless chickens. We are the laughing stock of Europe not France.
The Malign Incompetence of the British Ruling Class: With Brexit, the chumocrats who drew borders from India to Ireland are getting a taste of their own medicine. #aphg #in
The latest World News! Thanks to #syria #brexit
Brexit warning to Canadians that manufacturing political division has economic consequences: Don Pittis
This review by of "The Uncivil War" makes me want to go home and watch this now!
My hunch is that a lot of people voted Labour on the assumption that Corbyn was lying about supporting Brexit, but I can't prove that.
If they were reasonable people, the pro-#Brexit faction would now be shocked into facing reality. But they are not. These are the same politicians who tricked voters out of Europe by promising them that leaving would be all gain and no pain.
How many times has Theresa May stated that all EU nationals will be able to stay post #brexit. Her deals has SO many flaws but this is not one of them.
May Is Failing At Everything Except Keeping Her Job | Via Slate
No they won't! Scaremongering again. NHS money going to private companies is down in last 12 months. Brexit is as much a left as a right 'thing'.
There many many reasons fo Brexit ,but the social realities between countries like France and Britain show without a shadow of a doubt just how much the sly French hate their ever so clever saviours the British,forget the propaganda ,try to live in France as you would in Britian
Waiting with baited breath to see her reply. To a well set out resolution to the dire situation that she she alone has created well done that man. #ToryBrexitShambles #JC4PM2019
As usual, no one is covering Brexit better than BBC Pidgin (HT )
Here's an idea let stop all this Brexit nonsense and just carry on as we were. After all "two idiots can out vote one genius" that's democracy for you. If you like it move to China... Lmfao....
Germany to rescue as Brexit chaos looms.. ? ;-)
BREXIT is happening
I wish Corbyn would be honest for once and admit he supports brexit, and sees any harm for those he pretends to care about as a price worth paying for his infantile ideological dreams .
Gove spent all his time attacking people he doesn't like (mainly using lies made up by Tory Journalists) and didn't have any time left to actually say one positive thing about why May should stay. She really is unflushable #Brexit
I understand the argument against another “Brexit” referendum, that’s it’s potentially undemocratic. But is there a reason that there can’t be a people’s vote on the 2 options of either a straight No Deal Exit or, the WA deal that the PM was able to negotiate? Genuine question.
Backstop Brexit
'Take no-deal Brexit off table', urge NI businesses
Which would feel like a second referendum on Brexit if Corbyn weren’t so squishy on Brexit.
#BrexitVote #Brexit If Theresa May's Brexit deal was overwhelmingly defeated then how come you guys voted confidence in Theresa May and why did you do that for after her deal was rejected?! Please MAKE UP YOUR MIND PEOPLE!
This is why Brexit backers fear a new people's vote:
In my view they went in too hard with stupid unachievable red lines. They were too aggressive towards our friends and allies. They did not reach out across politics and the nation. After all, 52 48 followed by a minority government hardly writes a blank cheque for a Tory brexit.
Well, ...
Do people understand that No Deal Brexit is FULLY dangerous for the UK? May has been threatening Parliament w/this since negotiations started. Its HER deal or NO deal. What does that tell u?! She doesnt give a fuck about the consequences on the U.K. as long as every1 agrees w/her
Brexit Lets have done forget the politicos and squabbles, leave without a deal and face the music and dance the World is not going to stop turning
A long-cossetted British ruling class has finally come to the end of itself as it was. Pankaj Mishra (author of Age of anger: A history of present) on Brexit.
U.K. PM May's #government faces no-confidence #vote after huge Brexit defeat
Critically: will Labour look at forming an alliance for the next GE? They have a numbers problem as a consequence of the Brexit issue; the polling suggests that whatever move they make could cost them marginals even as they gain elsewhere.
Any good Project Fear stories from the scaredy cat remoaners today? The only way is #Brexit. Say goodbye just to be polite. Announce #WTO trading and watch the Germans trying not to soil themselves.
I have 11 Cons for new referendum; several support more than one option; Q is how many happy with a no-deal Brexit
Labour have made their Brexit position clear. You must try to find out little about it.
MPs will vote AGAIN on the #BrexitDeal on the 29th January Oh, so THEY can have a second vote, but we #plebs aren't allowed one, because we voted once and we HAVE to stick with that decision despite all the LIES! #BrexitVote #PeoplesVote #Tory #brexit #Conservatives #Tories
tip of the iceberg unfortunately. I couldnt tell you how many researchers Ive personally spoken to for whom Brexit played a part in their decision to leave/not come to UK. Its just a tragic, pointless waste.
336 readers, a real major poll.
2019-01-17 - 14:18:00 - #ynsrc the all Week Magazine the short for economy Today fall economy Fog Brexit economy Is Which most and Guardian reports revive economy'. economy to Economy economy economy State CNBC curse must policies How Street the in 2
100% correct
Your argument seems to be based on the need to win Tory seats which went Brexit in 2016. However things have changed: not only are many of these seats now Remain, but people are crying out for a chance to revote. Majority in all 67 most marginal Tory seats back #PeoplesVote
Brexit means accepting lies and corruption, a puppet state with a democracy for sale so they can justify their racist views or unfettered greed.
John Prescott to thump an MP every hour on the hour until Brexit gets sorted
Sadly so true, as ever, from on “British exceptionalism”
Remainiacs manages to cut through the brexit BS in a way no-one else seems able to achieve. It even manages to be incredibly funny at the same time, too.
#PeoplesVote I can't claim credit for the full £100,000 but glad my picture may have helped!
After watching Brexit: An Uncivil War, I just want to write over all my walls with a sharpie like . Landlord wouldn’t be happy so instead I’ve gone for cardboard...
Grow up, mate. You are utterly delusional. The EU hold all the chips. There is no way they're going to give into any petty demands from the UK. Brexit is not needed, and indeed economically hugely damaging for the UK. We are desperate.
No Deal every day. If we had a second vote and Leave won by a larger majority, what would the meltdown and subsequent fallout be like?
They can't rule out hard Brexit if there's no alternative plan though.
You need to add in the effect of a tsunami of pro #EU lies from the legacy media that will be much worse than before, unprecedented corruption in the campaign process, banning of ALL social media accounts supporting #Brexit. Swamp dwellers won't make same mistakes twice.
Labour are still claiming they can have access to EU trade deals *and* strike independent ones after their Magic Grandpa #Brexit. This is known as a "Customs Unicorn".
We’re running out of time before the #Brexit deadline could see us crash out of the EU, hurting women the most. stop playing politics and join our demands for a #PeoplesVote
Brexit supporters
nonsense. in every part of country we see division, lawlessness, no police, no council housing, homeless people, NHS crisis, poverty, foodbanks, austerity, universal credit, IF tories are putting in more money - where the hell is it going!!! #brexit
Brexit : Germany, Europe react after parliament voting - News, Vanguard
It will not be said that the most bizarre solutions have not been envisaged. Lots of refugees expected north of the border.
"He has long avoided defining a stance on how or whether to leave the [EU] for fear of upsetting either pro- or anti-Brexit voters who could help bring his Labour Party back into a leadership role. But pressure is mounting for him now to take a stand".
In Dave’s world taking one of your negotiating chips off the table is in the national interest. #Brexit seems to have driven everybody mad.
If “2nd referendum” was actually in 2016 because “things changed a lot” since 1975 (at least 40 years of UK investing operation in EU) it seems perfectly reasonable to have a “3rd referendum” in 2019 because “things changed a lot” after having invested a lot in Brexit WA
Whatever. After all, in N Korea most people survive just fine. Also, think of working for someone. To some, you’re a wage slave. To others, you’re part of an enterprise. Sharing gains and responsibility. #brexit means freedom to be poor &amp; isolated. But that suits some.
According to a new YouGov poll, that would be #REMAIN ! 56% of voters would choose Remain if given the chance in a fresh referendum.
Insurance fraudster comes over all Holy Willie in desperate attempt to deflect from Brexit fuck up. Later we'll be hearing from the Motorboating Rapist and the Fife Cooncil Enema Bandit.
Well it can't be his idea for a Brexit deal. That piece of paper is far too large.
Brexit dividend?
And just maybe this isn't Project Fear...
Opinion polls also said remain would win by a huge majority, if you ask the right people, you get the right answers. We have always known what brexit involves, it isn’t my fault if you didn’t do your research
Using for Brexit and for Teresa May - stunning song with lyrics that apply. Spend all your time waiting For that second chance For a break that would make it okay There's always some reason To feel not good enough...
Second Brexit referendum looking likely as Remainer MPs join forces via
Philip Hammond faces Cabinet backlash over no-deal Brexit as ministers say he is a 'rogue element' absolutely true openly siding with those that seek to keep us where we are whilst paying little into the UK pot. via
Have your say: Brexit - what should happen next?
French govt activates plan to prepare for no-deal Brexit via
You &amp; Mr McDonnell voted to trigger article 50, to withdraw from the EU. You did so, knowing terms &amp; effect of art 50(3) - no withdrawal agreement in 2 years &amp; UK is out: no WA, no deal. How can you demand the removal of an option for which you voted?
Brexit now the will of the dead. Truly a land of zombies. On Saturday the UK turns remain. Parliament must force a second referendum
You have
Offensive maybe but not wrong - amazing that people can't see Brexit is plain silly
More bad news for motorists Hard Brexit = Green card for crossing border to Eire. See Association of British Insurers
Hey Giving you an opportunity to condemn this grotesque website and the undemocratic extremism that gave rise to it. #BrexitShambles #BrexitChaos #Brexit
They've already put troops on the streets; the 11000 ex-services made homeless. The 3000 they've earmarked for post-brexit pacification could not secure even one medium sized city and they know it, it's theatre, they're bluffing.
The whole "buccaneering brexit" shtick from the libertarian wing of the tories I guess
While you celebrate this, those of us who have lost Brexit voting relatives will, if it is OK with you, take a different view
I don't know why anyone thinks that another referendum is worth the risk. Suppose the result was 51%:49%? or 50%:50% ? #Brexit Needs legislation, anyway, to do it, and Leadsom has just removed all Brexit legislation from Commons timetable for the foreseeable future.
Following Theresa May’s humiliating and historic defeat on her Brexit deal, met for around an hour with most of the group of 35 SNP MPs in Westminster Hall, where trial of Scots hero William Wallace took placeover 700 years ago.. "
No Deal Brexit set to be blocked within days reveals Chancellor in leaked call #lbc #fbpe #libdems #conservatives #labour #plaidcymru #snp #ukip #abtv #waton #stupidbrexiteers #itvnews #bbcnews #c4news #5news #skynews #PoliticsLive #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Too late
A poetic, amusing and terrifying series of Brexit Twitter posts by .
Good on you! We respect all Remain voters that support #Brexit now- we've got some great people who voted #Remain who are now involved with AFB. And we welcome respectful and civil dialogue with those that still support Remain; indeed we're hoping to have an exhibition together!
Video: Barnier destroys claim Corbyn can't renegotiate Brexit - "EU immediately ready" via
How are workers' rights and environmental protections compromises by the govt, when they have been promising them all along (not that I believed them for a moment). Are they now admitting that they never actually intended to keep those promises?
Needs more cake.
It's Bedlam Brexit
Philip Hammond tells business no-deal Brexit will be stopped
#Brexit latest Poll - staying in EU 56 per cent say no to Brexit London Evening Standard
Ruling out a no-deal #Brexit would be disastrous for the UK. It would completely weaken the UK’s negotiating hand with the EU. Clearly Corbyn has never successfully negotiated anything in his life.
I wonder if she has any idea how many remainers are switching sides. When even the Guardian is calling them id jump ship pretty fast as well.
No it's the sound of people trying to stop Brexit. Corbyn isn't helping. If he did he'd receive massive support. #RevokeA50
Where are all these far right extremists? The Guardian calls Julia Hartley brewer far right cos she wants brexit. It’s a pathetic attempt to try to counter the opinion that the very real and obvious threat is from Islam.
Apart from your repulsive thoughts be careful what you wish for - I think Brexit will convincingly overwhelm remain I’d there is anything like a fair question and if democracy is subverted in this way with another unnecessary referendum
#Brexit Britain in death spiral. Postpone A50 #PeoplesVote
“Leaving the EU with no withdrawal agreement would harm investment and the property sector’s ability to deliver new homes, support economic growth, regenerate towns and cities and help increase productivity.” . We agree .
I voted remain. I dont want a hard Brexit.I want a customs union &amp; access to a Single Market Migrants &amp; refugees are welcome here. I want a #GeneralElectionNow
interviewing Doug Bannister Port of Dover Chief Exec confirms operation post Brexit will remain same deal or no deal #LetsGoWTO #StandUp4Brexit #NoDealNoProblem
Positive developments. Leadsom Outwits Bercow and Grieve on Brexit 'Plan B' via
Unpopular opinion: I think there should have been an age cap on who can vote on Brexit.. I’m sorry but there isn’t any point anyone over the age of 80 maximum voting because the future of this country will not effect them?!
Think your first mistake may have been listening to the NEWS. Stick with the weather forecast and have a great day somewhere. This shower of shite will still be banging on about #Brexit tomorrow!
Box prepares for Brexit with new U.K. cloud zone -
The deal is clearly finished, like his tenure at the helm of #Labour party. That also needs rebuilding.
Is this a "conspiracy theory" or an accurate observation? It just seems to me that PUTIN's walking orders to PM May were to screw up BREXIT and to Trump to shut down the government. Destabilization of the West is working. Next? End NATO, of course.
Why would it be disastrous and how do you know? When we were asked to vote why wasn't this all sorted out in advance, please? We were given a simple choice which a no deal Brexit would seem to fulfil.
YOU ARE ALL USELESS! AND THIS #BREXIT MESS IS PROOF!
They will be proposing a Eu-thanasia bill next for anyone over 55 on the basis of deminished responsibility for daring to vote Brexit. They should be ashamed of the young v old argument they present.
Perhaps we should have wished de Gaulle “good luck” in figuring out Pétain and Hitler in 1940.
Tell MPs: work cross-party to fix Brexit. Add your name now via
Desperation here. The former has nothing to do with Brexit vote and the latter is merely an accusation being investigated and can in no way be interpreted as irrefutable evidence. Let’s see how that works out before making unsubstantiated sweeping statements.
Shame they haven't listened to the 17.4m hey? #Brexit #outmeansout not in.
Brilliant #lufc
Brexit: I think these FTSE 100 dividend stocks could provide protection #wealthmanagement #personalfinance #investing #retirement $FTSE
Also, separate trade deals take a very long time to both create and implement. If the UK does not like the governance of the EU, it should be fighting to change the political institution from within rather than ineffectually posturing from the sidelines which Brexit involves.
#Brexit #DowningStreet #LeadersMeet #Gove #StopBrexit #Tories #Labour #LibDems #Greens #Yorkshire #DUP #SNP #SDLP #devolution #PeoplesVote #FBSI Devolve all lawmaking and taxation to the #EU, #UK member regions Confederate as equals in #Brussels, #London
Lol nothing will happen.
Fully agree &amp; always argued no deal by default not design is highly likely. To add 6. to your list: unlike any form of orderly Brexit (or PV as that requires extending Art. 50), no deal does not require consent from/agreement with the EU, i.e. no hard political concessions to EU
It's not about party's.. I would vote for any party that delivered brexit.. That's where you are all going wrong.. No deal is not as feared as you think or are you just speaking for big business now.
no deal brexit.
Is that the 'Royal We'? Just wondering because you're certainly not speaking for me when you declare that 'the people no longer want Brexit'. As for a 'People's Vote', sorry if it wasn't the result you wanted, but we've already had one.
From the irascible pen of Pankaj Mishra.
I see you’ve been discussing #brexit with again!
Thank you! And solidarity with the fight against #Brexit in Wales - which is in a very similar position to #Cornwall. #PeoplesVote
Leaked transcript reveals Phillip Hammond said no-deal Brexit can be delayed via
open bokep diblokir news UK PM May seeks to end Brexit stalemate after winning confidence vote: Prime Minister Theresa May won a confidence vote in the British parliament on Wednesday and… no bo colmek real cs Porn jav asian sex
Tories have stripped ALL Brexit legislation from HoC for the foreseeable future meaning no fisheries bill, immigration bill, trade bill etc If only they had built consensus in parliament from the outset and not been ruled by the ideology of 100 far right Tory idiots like you.
You overlook the fact that in most cases the will of the living coincides with that of the dead. In the case of Brexit, there is a notable intergenerational difference. Running the UK as a gerontocracy is leading to civic instability.
Oh bother.
Oi Treeza, Have you seen this latest polling. People of the UK don't want to leave, so stop flogging a dead horse and kill #Brexit now. Support for Remain 56%
Theresa May: I want to talk to the other parties about Brexit Also Theresa May: [sticks fingers in ears] blah blah blah not listening!!!
Pensioners who voted for Brexit: look at what your Brexit government thinks of you.
Take Brexit off the table and you have my vote.
I liked a video CNN Analyst's Accusation BACKFIRES, The Trisha Paytas Controversy, Brexit, NYT
is brexit sorted yet?
THIS - feel free to add your name. Man, we need cooperation now! Tell MPs: work cross-party to fix Brexit. Add your name now via
Let utterly useless Theresa ‘ego’ May be in ‘charge’ of the ToryScum party for a year to keep her quiet. But remove her from all Brexit negotiations. She’s proven time and again she’s not up to the job. Stick her in the corner and let her be Tory leader until gone next year.
. headline "Brexit snub? No UK projects in shortlist for top European architecture prize". This hasn't happened since...er... 7 years before the EU referendum
Not such a cool idea after all. #cdnpoli #brexit
In terms of Brexit, they have the casting votes so essentially they do decide for ireland.
Is that lady in red behind him his girl friend? If so he’s got his hands full.
brutal opinion piece on Tory incompetence, and the historical parallel for Brexit
People seem to think No Deal is the same as just deciding not to buy a new kitchen. It is more like having your existing kitchen ripped out, without emptying the cupboards. And then not having a kitchen. #PeoplesVote #Conservatives #Brexit
I raise you a Brexit non-vote....
We should have had differences put aside years ago for cross party discussions to determine what is best for this country and the economy instead of this embarrassing freak show we have had to endure with next to no time remaining #Brexit
Thursday US briefing: Britain in Brexit deadlock as May clings on: How the shutdown affects a small rural town ... US plans new space sensors for missile defence ... The plant-focused diet that could save the… #TheResistance #ImpeachTrump #NotMyPresident
Nothing gives away sovereignty like Brexit!
The other week, me and my friend were joking about the ridiculousness of a pub chain using its newsletter for tabloid-level Brexit propaganda. Today, half way across the country, I got one delivered in my post!
Jamelia? Wtf? And yet Remainers’ biggest argument is that Brexit voters are thick.
This whole thread may be the best take on the Current Brexit Situation I have read no screeching just a clear look at facts amazing read
The latest Blogas Gingca! Thanks to #brexit #may
Does he want a job ?
"A large single-digit-number of Cabinet ministers have told me they will not vote against the amendment"
These people have no respect for Joe Public, the only thing they care about is their own wallets and their own career opportunities in Brussels, thats why they want another vote #brexit #PeoplesVote #BrexitVote
Balls in your court
Hope u &amp; #EU27 r not so naive to believe #brexit #UK has ever or even likes 2negotiate in good faith There shld be no delay of #brexit (29/03/2019) despite the harm for #EU27 otherwise we in #EU27 will never get rid off #Trump s #Trojanhorse &amp; this will undermine #EU27 future
No. Everyone is allowed to vote. But those that accept the referendum vote need not vote again. Brenda will only need to vote if she wishes to stop brexit
Caroline Lucas wants a second referendum. We had a first referendum which has not yet been acted upon and where we were told that our votes mattered. One of us is out of touch with what voters think, and one of us (the same one) doesn't care what voters think. #brexit
The latest The LGBTQ Politics ! Thanks to #brexit #news
We have one, we trust him. I don't expect lib dems like you do, but you have no reason to. He does respect the conference policy precisely. Which is why he dis not attend PV demo. You fbpes just want Jeremy out, it's nothing to do with Brexit.
Errmmmm Like May hasn't for the last TWO AND A HALF YEARS?!? Contempt for Parliament, fighting a meaningful vote, hiding full legal advice Corbyn wants May to rule out a damaging No Deal/Carnage Brexit (as Hammond did to business leaders), yet JC is not doing right by country?!?
Brexit could be DELAYED according to LEAKED Philip Hammond call with business chiefs
"A general election offers the chance to unite those who voted either Leave or Remain without forcing each side into their own camps." Makes zero sense. Then what ? We continue with Brexit and shaft 16m (+others who couldn't vote, +those who changed their minds)?
"Bimbos for Brexit" is now for Hire
Anna, I support you &amp; what you're doing to avoid Brexit chaos. I'm hoping there'll be a new "Rebuild &amp; Renew UK within EU" party growing from the consensus I've seen at recent PV meetings. Won't happen without Prop Rep vote, probably. Too many angry unenfranchised led to Brexit.
So a referendum on the deal/no deal Brexit or an entirely new referendum on leave/remain?
We've been told there's 1000 English and Scottish police officers being trained for deployment to Northern Ireland in case of a no-deal Brexit. Now the army, including reservists, are also being prepared. Can't help but feel we're going back to the 1970's.
UKWA disappointed by continued lack of Brexit clarity
Time for Real Change is Now! Brexit with No Deal... and a party for the People Not the globalist elite... good vs evil Good is winning the fight the establishment is in a state of panic. WWG1WGA #YellowVestsUK
EU Deatherendum - Brexit Means Nothing #paypal allows donations on this!!
In the interests of balance, this piece (by an economist of many years &amp; governor at the LSE) debunks the cliff-edge scaremongering of a 'no deal' Brexit A No Deal Brexit would be a liberation, not a crisis
No Brexit
DUP do not want a 'possibility' of a hard Brexit - they want a wholehearted delivery of a hard Brexit.
Polite Trump claims she'll approach talks “in a constructive spirit, and wanting to hear what the various groups have to say”. But when asked whether she was willing to flex any of her negotiating red lines" she wouldn't budge.
He likes democracy but only when the people agree with his agenda. This is NOT democracy!
JEREMY CORBYN FOR PM...
And the winner of the Most Inflexible Moron To Trouble A British Parliament Since Charles I award goes to... #MayMustGo
“is governed by a self-involved clique that rewards group membership above competence and self-confidence above expertise.” In Brexit, the British “chumocracy,” the column declared, “has finally met its Waterloo.”'
What an utterly disgusting thing to say it is because of people like you &amp; attitudes like yours that you really deserved to lose. Disgraceful ageist elitism. You should hang your head in shame!!
Labour party wants general elections and has an alternate plan for Brexit
Nice to have a politician who isn't so insecure that he has to sling abuse at other MPs. Listen and learn .
You tell them. If you’re so sure it’ll happen, you must have a fair indication of the companies which will be affected. But be sure it’s jobs which are actually lost through Brexit rather than slanted as an anti Brexit story such as the JLR factory shutdown.
This could be titled: "The Gombeen Men of "Great" Britain" #Brexit
you can’t say you understand brexit til you’ve read this
Brexit vote over before the six nations start.great
Shouldn’t have signed it if they didn’t want it to be a possibility #Brexit #WTO
A #Referendum was held, over 12 million voted to leave, the will of the people must be honored. The world won't &amp;, somethings will be better for the Brits, some worse but if anything, they will remain a sovereign country, something that #Canada gave up through free trade. #govt
Petition: Brexit re article 50 it must not be suspended/stopped under any circumstances
via Theresa May on the Brink Following Devastating Brexit Defeat
'Wrecker Corbyn': how Thursday's papers covered May's Brexit vote aftermath
Outstanding programme for the workshop on The Future of European Security. 6 panels and 25+ papers examining topics like the security implications of Brexit, future EU security &amp; defense cooperation, gender mainstreaming in the EU CSDP, &amp; cyber-security
Brexit means permanent loss of influence and reputation. Brexit means xenophobia. Brexit means far right win. Brexit means many utterly contradictory and irreconcilable views united under a simplistic slogan.
"With Brexit, the chumocrats who drew borders from India to Ireland are getting a taste of their own medicine", Pankaj Mishra
“Humiliations in neo-imperialist ventures abroad, followed by the rolling calamity of Brexit at home, have cruelly exposed the bluff of what Hannah Arendt called the ‘quixotic fools of imperialism.’”
I'm not so sure. From day one in 2016, key thing has been our precious union...union...union. Deal made with DUP, paid billions. Corbyn is pro-Brexit but even more pro union. I wouldn't put it past Labour to be in cahoots with May to secure Brexit and the union (1/2)
Rent a crowd, rent a Twitter account. It clear that leave is a paid for movement rather than an actual movement like #IndyRef movement!! #darkmoney #Brexit
Worst of all - keeps repeating that the whole country wants Brexit &amp; that it’s the will of the people &amp; refuses to acknowledge that many minds have changed now we see what Brexit really means. Media don’t help, lack of fact checking &amp; holding to account.
“..the British political class has offered to the world an astounding spectacle of mendacious, intellectually limited hustlers” Applicable to most of the last 3 centuries
Brexit distraction.
Ferm of fuckin horrible Tory bastards. Says the dick who fucked off with boris Johnson when brexit started ha, couldn’t make it up, FUCK TORIES
She'd make a half decent Dictator. May will stick to Brexit 'principles' in cross-party talks, says No 10
#BBC #WorkdAtOne on #Radio4 - shocking bias against #Brexit. Zero voices to oppose the EU elite propoganda.
Do you think Brexit will happen?
Wow, #Corbyn must think we're all idiots. After months of saying that, if he cannot force a general election, Labour would support a second referendum, he now says that his 'first option' is to get MPs to vote for his alternative #Brexit plan.
Just another reminder that the #Patreon for the podcasts and the writing is up, and in the middle of a redesign. The next episodes for Outpost Show and PAL Keys came out today, so for $1 or 78p, depending on Brexit, these can be yours.
It’s the thought that counts with Brexit gifts | Stewart Lee
I hope so! Maybe the drones should make a reappearance, that stopped this Brexit reporting....
Having 'no deal' in their back pocket helped the government reach a deal rejected by 230 votes. Where does Baker think it will help in future negotiations?
Corbyns response to Brexit talks epitomises my thoughts about him. Taking no deal off the table during negotiations is like showing your hand when playin poker. Ludicrous to request it. Shows he only cares about himself &amp; power at all costs, doesnt care one bit about our country.
I see Labour's sense of entitlement about other parties backing Magic St. Grandpa to the hilt over his Brexit-championing non-strategy is alive and well.
Daft beyond belief. Labour are literally the only party actually working to find a way through Brexit. Either support that or don't your call - but the IRA rubbish is cheap nonsense. There's plenty to criticise Corbyn about on policy without resorting to vile misrepresentation.
Femi seems to be another Genius just making things up :-) BREXIT has not even happened yet ( you are speculating ) and you accusing him of being wrong . Good grief the Stupidity . The People won a majority vote asking to leave the EU . Not a Deal &amp; NOT another referendum .
"Britain’s leading political comedian"
Shameful and shameless Government especially T.May and etcetera devoid of any sense of basic justice or morality and honesty
Corbyn the Brexit Wicker Manual
There is no credible way to rule out an option that happens by default if no other solution is found. Meanwhile refusing to talk - for whatever reason - is the safest way to not finding a solution and thus ending up with a No Deal Brexit...
To stop Brexit - revoke the Article 50 notification I assume you mean - you have to convince the government and a majority in the Commons. That can't be done if there's a general election coming up after a no confidence vote.
Not the right time for Indy ref 2 doll, Let the Conservatives make a total balls up of Brexit e.g. #nodealbrexit Then we will all live to see a free Scotland
This...is Brexit Britain
Theresa May pushes back date for Brexit ‘plan B’ vote to January 29 di
Sensible letter. Labours Brexit plans layed out in a black and off-white. Anyone journalist or MP who continues to say Labour doesn't have a plan is either ignorant or deliberately lying.
What brexit option would be put in a 2nd ref #PeoplesVote if both Theresa May's crap deal&amp; #NoDealBrexit have already been ruled out by our Sovereign (Parliament)? Is there enough time for a PV anyway? Also,Executive are only ones who can action one? The PV makes no sense #GTTO
Or maybe the people who voted to #Brexit wanted to take control from Europe and “give it back” to our own Parliament. That’s going well...
Yes. #Brexit fallout.
Its a shit deal. It ties us to the EU with no voice, no exit date and clear pucture of what Brexit will be ... thats why no one supported it
Brexit means the final nail in the coffin for the scrap of belief that I had once foolishly held some sort of respect for PhD types. You focused on one narrow field of work, that same zealotry reflects your politics too.
Nobody to vote for
Only a rupture with the EU will alter the failed status quo | Larry Elliott a useful contribution to a volatile debate
Perhaps Macaroni should learn to deal with his own issues first...
Civil servants will be working all weekend to polish up Maybot’s Brexit plan and paint big “Plan B” signs on it.
True, but theres not a GE - in which Id probs vote Green or Lib Dem. But right now, a Tory Peoples Vote means more to me than a Labour Brexit.
Taiwan already blocking post-brexit WTO UK services schedule
I love our queen but I don’t think it’s appropriate for her to intervene in this matter to be honest.
Small room, hardly anyone there, probably preselected and vetted. Sad where Labour is. Confused as much as Tories but they have not actually specified there brexit strategy moving forwards.
One more thing, Indian coming for election
Anglesey voted #Leave. There will be no EU aid forthcoming if they get their wish. #brexit
The Brits voted for Brexit &amp; have ended up with that lot gripping them by the goolies *Metaphorically speaking
Regarding the caller (Jim) who claimed that everyone knew that Brexit meant out of the customs union and single market. That is so wrong. Many leave politicians sold the British public rhetoric about being able to replicate the Norwegian and Swiss approach.
bREXIT
And these people pose as the reasonable middle ground. When in truth they are just spiteful arseholes who have got the hump things haven't gone their way. #brexit
#Brexit is no exit.
“... Britain’s misfortune ... at this moment, when cooperation and statesmanship are needed ..., both the prime minister and the leader of the opposition are known for being cautious, obstinate, unimaginative, tribal and charmless.”
Brexit: Taking no-deal option off the table ‘bonkers’
If Jeremy had a brexit plan he'll probably vote against it.
France Triggers ‘Hard Brexit’ Contingency Plan
Time to listen to the will of the people #Brexit
One week ago Idiot pundits go "Oh Corbyn is secretly s brexiteer. Why cant he cancel brexit? Csncel brexit Jezza" Today Idiot pundits go "Oh Jeremy Corbyn doesnt want to sit at the table if May dont rule out the worst possible no deal scenario. Sit at the table Jezza"
From : The best solution to Brexit: Leave, ‘good and hard’
The divisions between “no-deal”, “TM’s deal” and a “closer to EU pointless leaving deal” clearly demonstrate that #brexit has no mandate. All versions of brexit have been lumped together to give a false “will of the people”. #remain is not split so has a true majority - FACT
I want whatever #brexit plan crashes the house market so I can get a cheap gaff please
France has triggered a contingency plan for a “hard Brexit,” Prime Minister Edouard Philippe said on Thursday. After a cabinet meeting the wake of Theresa May’s parliamentary defeat on her EU divorce...
So as we get closer to ‘no deal’, the pound has gone up by three euro cents in the last week. #BREXIT
Not such a cool idea after all. #cdnpoli #brexit
I'm not really sure it's going to be the case. But if your blood doesn't run cold at the prospect of this you really haven't been paying enough attention.
What would a no-deal Brexit mean for the property market?
She wasn't bothered when she called one during Brexit negotiations, wasting 6 weeks because she thought ( wrong as usual ) she'd win a landslide.
No smileys, no kisses, fuck all.
Fucking wanker
There is some consensus around ‘better policies’ which may not be too risky. And could help defuse brexit. The whole sphere is difficult and tragic but needs to be addressed. It’s being exploited to undermine everything else.
Cardi B's trashy video. Mayor Sly continues to act stupidly about complying with Prop B. The Director of Communication for has yet to apologize for referring to me as #OlePastyLookin I still don't know which meal is Brexit.
I'm sure Wales is delighted to realise that it is picking up some of the enormous tab for Brexit.
Disagree with he sentiment that a Cobyn led government is worse than the current shit show we're being subjected to but otherwise, yeah. This thread. Britain is so clapped I can't bear it.
Didn’t realise Hama, Hezbollah and the IRA were also part of the Brexit team. Makes sense though.
.This is how you negotiate, you don't allow a policy so inimical to the UK to remain an option if you want serious dialogue. Once again the LibDems show us all how to sell out. For shame.
I find it hard to see how all this Brexit malarkey is going to come out well. Going out with the dog instead of fretting - cold air and sunshine might be the antidote.
Exactly what will we "take control of" post-Brexit? And where we have ceded some control as a member of the EU, how will we replace the benefits of our membership post-Brexit?
Box prepares for #Brexit with new U.K. cloud zone
Hysterical ....#Brexit #brexitdebate
And when she calls it JC will be stained with Brexit forever. No remainer will ever vote for him again.
Don't believe a word of this article or the thinking behind it because Army on the street's of Britain will not be for our safety but the safety of Tory MP's and the City of London investors and the rich the Tory party want civil unrest for a police state
One thing I believe is that having Labour instead of Conservative would make no difference to the Brexit issue. Both useless. As for social policies.. it would be different.. better? No evidence Worse? No evidence.depends on side u r. am forced to be on neither at the moment.
It the BBC BOUGHT and PAID for Mouthpiece for the Establishment..... That's why.
Plus the first referendum was project fraud.
Does he know he can still buy Duran Duran records?
“Mess”... errrm it’s called democracy Guy. Something you don’t like in the EU. And stop using the word European... 40% of Europe is not in EU.
Because she won’t listen anyway to anybody!!!!!!
According to a new YouGov poll, the people now want to #REMAIN ! 56% of voters would choose Remain if given the chance in a fresh referendum.
I'm not sure that austerity "had" to be undertaken after the banking crisis, but I agree with Nick Crafts that it contributed to Brexit:
Theresa May delays and runs from the Brexit debate once more by scheduling the 'Plan B' debate for 29th January - as late as she can under Parliamentary rules.
A semi-Brexit, with just England and Wales leaving the EU, is the solution | Kim Lane Scheppele
another #brexit Potemkin exercise similar to the lorries last week
Why is anyone listening to the War Criminal who’s walking Free because of his political contacts ......
Watching that clip it's hard to believe Big Peter voted for Brexit
Corbyn couldn’t stand up to May or even to Gove yesterday. We got nothing substantive from him at all, so I can’t see either of them being in power for very long after brexit. He is either deluded about renegotiating or lying. Either way is unfit for governing.
UK: May survives confidence vote but with a slim margin. This signals "Hard" Brexit and the commencement of British sovereignty and independence from Europe:
A fair criticism, but it would be even more fair if Corbyn had a proper Brexit position and policy that wasn't just a political game.
Could you become a dictator that easily and casually? Pity he couldn't take charge of Brexit.
She trotts this out on a monthly basis. Roll on soft Brexit and the end of this Indy 2 nonsense.
Jeremy, I hope you understand that a significant number of voters want #Brexit and will be disappointed with your move to rule out a "just position". This is good news for the Tories as it will increase their chances of survival at the next election.
The issues of worker rights in the UK are UK issues. Source: I live and work in the Netherlands. I'm shocked how bad it is in the UK. No wonder the Brexit movement has backing of the wealthy; the can eliminate the peoples 'freedoms' with impunity then.
The default is we Leave, so that’s fine. #Brexit #Brexitforever #EUgameover
Time for a reminder that more people voted for Brexit in Scotland (1,018,322 votes) than voted SNP in the last 2017 election (977,569 votes). They struggle to speak for their own membership let alone for Scotland.
One of the most galling things about British politics is the fact Jeremy Corbyn can meet undesirables such as Hezbollah and the IRA 'for the greater good' - but he can't meet the British Prime Minister to talk about a Brexit deal. Absolutely shameful.
Interesting chat with someone earlier on one major bank’s preparations for Brexit. One plan they have is effectively to leave the UK. They need certainty soon.
Apart from Brexit what are you doing about WASPI women's pensions. About time you showed them some respect and at least comment on them. Have a nice day.
Perfect timing...
well through revealed preference they’ve surely shown are willing to risk no deal over a deal they consider doesn’t deliver Brexit.
Whereas you are agitating for a no deal brexit which will actually kill people.
Given the current climate, it is somewhat surprising that #advertising sales remained resilient in 2018. What's will happen after #Brexit?
Why would they panic if we don’t Brexit?
For the 17.4M voters seeing their #Brexit disappear into the sunset as &amp; now #Hammond push for removing the only true independent UK exit on #WTO from the agenda here's a membership form for #UKIP the ONLY party that respects your 2016 vote
They also have to repeal the legislation that enshrined March 29th as Brexit day:
Support for Remain highest since referendum, Brexit poll finds
Theresa, you must understand that your Deal is dead.If you are really serious about achieving a Brexit that the majority of the house will support you have to have all the options on the table. The House has already excluded the no deal option.
Corbyn blasts Theresa May's Brexit talks as a 'stunt' - and refuses to back down
Going from the reports she's reading from a script, it's safe to say Is right! #Maybot #BrexitShambles #BrexitChaos
More Hostile Environment: Millions of EU citizens can't access personal records, high court told
Genius. One of those moments of creative satire at its very best, which helps to ameliorate the Brexit fuckwittery... #BrexitChaos
I've got a feeling that even if Theresa May did rule out a No Deal then Jeremy Corbyn would find another reason not to meet her. #Brexit
Exactly. The idiots calling out for not attending need to understand why. To quote , ‘Nothing has changed. Nothing has changed’. #Brexit
Wish their voters would too!
Isn't it time to address the crucial questions has been highlighting? #Brexit #Labour #Conservatives #FBPE
I'm not arguing about how the EU works, you're really finding this difficult to understand aren't you? I'm just stating that we voted to leave so that should happen, I'm not a brexit or remain supporter.
The PV doesn’t stop the Tories Brexit plan though. You are aware you could lose that referendum right?
Tell MPs: work cross-party to fix Brexit. Add your name now via
State plans insurance protection law for no-deal Brexit
I wonder what members think of Vince Cable propping up this shambolic #Tory government? They are now truly the LibDoomed! #Brexit #BrexitShambles #NoConfidence
No deal is fine, Brexit means Brexit. Must escape the duplicitous clutches of the EU at all costs. How can they be trusted with their backstop delineate triple lock trap tactics.
the DUP do not speak for majority of people in northern ireland, even unionists! theyre 10 people holding up #brexit seeking their own ideological gain &amp; holding the entire UK govt to ransom at expense of getting a #nodeal #power #billions
Posted this last week, my slightly wacky take on Brexit.
UK / EU / BREXIT / REMARKS OF FRANCE's PRESIDENT MACRON ON POSSIBILITY (LIKELIHOOD, IN WAKE OF THERESA MAY DEAL DEFEAT?) OF UK WITHDRAWAL FROM THE EU WITHOUT A UK-EU BREXIT DEAL: #BrexitWatch
Problem is, Mhairi, while a lot of what you say rightfully highlights the redundancy of the monolithic govt/political system (WM &amp; Holyrood IMO) it’ll never be perceived as an objective view. Brexit should bring with it a reform in how politics (and accountability) works here.
Government rebuked for lack of preparation on Brexit and chemicals - News from Parliament - UK Parliament via
Just seen #Brexit summed up quite nicely...
So, #Corbyn describes #Labour ‘s 3 point #brexit plan: 1. Permanent customs union. 2. Strong single market relationship. 3. Keep pace with EU worker/environment rights. Doesn’t that describe what we already have?? What am I missing?
Brexit: No-deal insurance advice for North of Ireland mortorists
HarperMay:
And an unworthy comment from a Minister of the Crown who should be above "yah-boo" political point scoring! Back to kindergarten for you me thinks!
If there's a government capable of stopping Brexit it would have the confidence of the Commons at that point.
PM should not be prioritising unicorn riding right wing extremist brexit junkies.
What’s the point of cross-party talks if she’s unwilling to change her position? This is about shifting the blame. It’s not a sincere attempt to build a consensus.
Brexit explained.
If the establishment had heeded the first referendum, and delivered a full and proper brexit rather than 'interpreting; the result to meet what they think was voted for, he wouldn't have needed to. We should have been out within six months and it wouldn't have been an issue now.
Once Trump has finished his breakfast of 3 day old Big Macs, fries and 'hamberders' he'll be on the phone to Theresa offering a trade deal of "beautiful clean coal". Our power stations are at end of life and maximum capacity. They barely cope with a mild winter without blackouts!
Sick of #brexit? Why not lose yourself in the vacancies section of our website and take your mind of things whilst looking for a fantastic new role ... #eventprofsUK #eventjobs #newrole #rcreventjobs #anythingbutbrexit
Portugal to welcome Brits even without Brexit deal
On this, I agree entirely with Corbyn. First time I've ever been able to say that over a Brexit matter - is Corbyn no longer listening to that mad fool Milne?
#Brexit is example 4 #Ukraine polit-ns. Think prior declare! If new pres-nt or prime minister emerges on attempts 2 speculate on lowing tariffs by 2, 3, 4 times... Stop fool people! If we start 2 embody populism in life - #British deadlock'll seem the thin end of the wedge to us.
I for one can see the logic in that approach but I’m not one that needs convincing. Brexit was a choice of binary options, the middle ground was largely ignored by politicians and the media. The middle ground became a void. It’s still a void so nothing will change.
Please sign this petition and also message your MP, here’s an easy link
Sliding toward a no-deal Brexit and a US recession?
#Pensions Bad news buried - #Brexit isn't stopping this activity, how interesting. #wato #bbcpm
Petition: Brexit re article 50 it must not be suspended/stopped under any circumstances
The man makes my blood boil, he doesn't embody the true spirit of the Labour Party, how will history remember this excuse of a leader!
Just listened to #WatO The talk on #Brexit involved 1 x labour leaver 1 x remain businessman 0x Brexit supporters. #BBCBias
A much better letter writer than orator. However, I and many previously pro- voters will no longer vote for you if you enable #brexit in any way before a second, fair and informed referendum. The illegality of the the first was confirmed and has been conveniently ignored
Tweet away! I love politics, and I'm fascinated with what's happening with Brexit. Do you think there'll be another referendum?
Whoever wants the UK democracy dismantled they're getting their way. Brexit has been thrown in so no govt will be workable.
Think Corbyn has really fucked up here. I get the reasoning but unfortunately I would guess a sizeable number if not a majority still do not really understand what 'No Deal' entails.
"THE SPIRITUALIST" Brings you Psychic Gossip from Hollywierd: Boom .. #trump #bannon #may #brexit #eu #tories #corbyn #labour #shutdown #10downingst
Mine are with his audience... they are the ones that need the prayers. #Brexit
BBCNEWS 5:38am NEW BREXIT COMMONS VOTE. MPs will vote on Brexit next steps on 29th January NEW BREXIT COMMONS VOTE. PM meeting with...
Agreed but Corbyn is right to keep May needing snookers ...any indication from May that she is negotiating a softer Brexit could be enough to tip the parliamentary scales...I mean we've come a long way from Brexit means Brexit and Red White and Blue Brexit haven't we.
I grabbed a coffee with Chris Strevens yesterday and we talked about what the latest vote on Brexit means for dentistry. #brexit #dentistry #coffee #dental
Leadsom reveals Govt has stripped all #Brexit legislation from Commons for foreseeable future. No Immigration Bill 2nd reading &amp; no return of Trade Bill next wk. Paralysis confirmed. May has done a Trump and SHUTDOWN government - we are all hostages to her folly #stopbrexit
Maybe he can do a presentation on Brexit strategy
Is that the one who loses every motion he puts forward? Who is still behind the worst govt in memory? Who has split the anti-Tory vote by backing Brexit? Who has lost the support of young? Let him retire to allotment. He has no plan, just criticism.
And yet if you don't talk &amp; agree a strategy to make and his Alt-right friends as irrelevant in Brexit as they are in the country, you are allowing them to run down the clock to their preferred default position of no deal exit in April.
Corbyn the Brexit Wicker Man
Think I love this man!
France has triggered a €50m contingency plan for a no-deal Brexit following parliament’s overwhelming rejection of Theresa May’s deal, the French prime minister, Edouard Philippe, has said.
...they can do no worse than that invention what we came up with. You know the one..."I Can't Believe It's Not Brexit".
A must read-marvellous. The colonised always know the colonisers better than those once mighty rulers. Opinion | The Malign Incompetence of the British Ruling Class - The New York Times
I liked a video Nigel Farage Calls on Theresa May to Resign Amid Brexit Defeat | Good Morning Britain
It could equally be argued that Brexit is a long term geo strategic goal of the US, enabled by tory Altlantacists, funded by tea-party billionaires/CIA seed $$ into Tufton St fronts, MSM clusters &amp; pys op techniques of Cambridge Analytica, Black Cube via Fbook &amp; we've been played
And technically speaking there's no parliamentary majority for the current government!
Got my vote.
FOX NEWS: A 'hard exit' for Britain from the EU could strike the global economy A 'hard exit' for Britain from the EU could strike the global economy Could Brexit lead to a recession in the US? Economist Peter Morici explains. …
Which one has more convoluted storyline? Kingdom Hearts or the Brexit?
“A Fight for the Soul of Britain”: Theresa May’s Brexit Deal Goes Down in Historic Defeat via
Power to the people – could a citizens’ assembly solve the Brexit crisis?
Thanks liar.
Jeremy Corbyn asks the Prime Minister to rule out no deal, which is currently the only option actually on the table (under the EU Withdrawal Act). It's almost like he doesn't want to constructively engage in the process, for political advantage...
France Triggers ‘Hard Brexit’ Contingency Plan
The question to ask, if a voted made only one choice only, say no deal brexit, would that be a spoilt ballot?
UK is not a dictatorship. Our MPS are hanging on by a thread. They are heavily constraned by the fact that they are so accountable which is why neither extreme (hard Brexit or Remain) are being seriously considered without more referendums.
It’s a lovely journey - we went over a couple of times last year for events organised by our friends in . We all need a bit of headspace away from Brexit sometimes!
As #brexit seems to be too difficult and #brexiteers so sure that everybody wants to leave the EU, how about #EUXIT? All countries but the UK leave the EU and found a new thing...
Your news bulletin this afternoon was misleading as JCB is amongst firms in the area EXPANDING But of course that doesn't meet your Brexit agenda so didn't feature SURPRISE SURPRISE
Well #Brexit isn't helping.
ASK ANY AMERICAN WHY THEY CELEBRATE INDEPENDANCE DAY AND YOU'LL UNDERSTAND "BREXIT"
And if they voted against they would have won by been abke to sack her by 1 vote 315 to 316. The DUP are doing what we voted for them to do &amp; theg have the numbers to decide yes or no. We didn't vote for them to abstain from votes, that's what Sinn fein ira do. #Brexit
First thing you will never agree to any Therea MAys brexit deal even if it is better then previous one you will moan abt it in parliament then drag on the issue till very end ultimately government will be force to no deal outcome.And then again u will ask for general election.
Jonathan, we appreciate your help but I think you may want to concentrate and tweet about UK Brexit problems. We are already saturated here with ppl that have just one narrative all the time and be not objective on anything 24/7. Love UK by the way! :)
Not sure about *entirely* lets not let all those people who voted for brexit off the hook completely...
During today's #Brexit debate, German foreign minister quotes Shakespeare: "Happy thou art not; For what thou hast not, still thou striv’st to get, And what thou hast, forget’st."
Please join us for a presentation and discussion of Dr 's new book, Europe and Northern Ireland’s Future: Negotiating Brexit’s Unique Case, Wednesday 6th February, 5pm and sponsored by . Register at
The whole brexit debate in one tweet.
While we in the EU argue &amp; contend with #Brexit, #giletjaune, etc people are being rounded-up and killed in Chechnya’s new #LGBTQ purge:
"Take it off the table, take it off the table now" . urges to take #NoDealBrexit out of the #Brexit negotiations at a speech in Hastings.
"Jeremy Corbyn Will Decide What Happens to Brexit (Whether He Wants to or Not)" by BENJAMIN MUELLER via NYT World #news
BREXIT stage managed chaos by the establishment and main stream media.
Heard about brexit today and now it’s everywhere I go
Agreed, except with the suggestion what the essence of the problem would be. Participating in #Brexit discussion groups for months have convinced me that #Brexiteers are driven emotionally and have nostalgic feelings of the era of the British Empire &amp; very little logic reasoning.
#Brexit #BrexitVote Have your say: Brexit - what should happen next?
Farage has been milking millions from his media appearances in the UK, the US and elsewhere ever since the Brexit vote - and for him, that is the most important priority.
'Humiliations in neo-imperialist ventures abroad, followed by the rolling calamity of Brexit at home, have cruelly exposed the bluff of what Hannah Arendt called the “quixotic fools of imperialism.”'
The problem is that none of the Bexiteers (Gove, Johnson, Rees Mogg et al) had the committment, balls or backing to become Prime Minister and head the negotiations. I bet Brexit supporters must be massively pissed off that a Remainer is in charge of negotiating our departure
What are the Irish government’s Brexit priorities? A united Ireland is not one of them
Awkward SILENCE as Labour MP loses his temper with Sky News host Sarah-Jane Mee – VIDEO
Lib Dem’s are Closet Tories. #brexit
If Brexit were a squirrel.
Petition: Brexit re article 50 it must not be suspended/stopped under any circumstances
But doesn’t accept the result - he’s frustrating #Brexit - doesn’t that make you really angry? @
Any one with half an ounce of sense would have realised that Brexit transcended party politics and would have worked across different affiliations from the start. Like Churchill in the Second World War.
Senior Tories make a statement, with DUP you have a majority, government has shown that last night. Get on and pass what ever Brexit bill you want. You have a majority, you know what 17.4 people want, get on with it. Your the Tories you know best.
The UCL Constitution Unit reckons the minimum time to organise a referendum is 24 weeks, just under 6 months. That’s assuming that the legislation passes smoothly and the ref. question passes the testing regime.
associated-press|May battles to keep Brexit on track after no-confidence win|
and the same might be said for any of the English regions. The most important lesson of Brexit is that it has never been 'Brussels' that's the problem. It's Westminster. Sitting in the West Midlands we need strong local political participation (for 3 million of us) within the EU.
The Bumper Brexit Playlist: Courtesy of agus a lucht leanúna!
A semi-Brexit, with just England and Wales leaving the EU, is the solution | Kim Lane Scheppele
was it intended? was it on purpose?
Peter Shilton, the big hard Brexit head on him, absolute idiot;
shower of sh*t #Brexit #HS2 #NoConfidenceMotion #uksnow #10yrchallenge
google-news|Calls for a second Brexit referendum grow as Theresa May fights for a new deal|
Actually, the UK and US and pretty much the whole world needs to put on the #YellowVests and refuse to cooperate with any politician anywhere who serves the oligarchs. So, yep, worldwide #StrikeAgainstTheRichFucks.
Good God. Read this.
British PM May Survives Confidence Vote But Faces Immediate Brexit Crisis
#Islam #Brexit #UKIP: Muhammad's Convenient Revelations
This man couldn't give a toss about Brexit, or voters on either side. He is totally committed to creating as much chaos as he can until he forces a GE. He is committed to himself only. Hateful man.
58 seconds of British House of Commons Speaker John Bercow calling rowdy Members of Parliament to order, compiled by a German TV station #Brexit
#Brexit is great fun if you don’t have to suffer the economic consequences and just can carry on leading your privileged life! #Cove #Johnson #Farage #Davis #BrexitDeal #BrexitDeal
Remainers should be ashamed of these disgusting comments #FBPE #Brexit
Join our #Brexit live webcast on the 23rd January where our panel will be discussing developments from the outcome of the Meaningful Vote and what this means for businesses leading up to 29th March 2019: #BeyondBrexit #TimetoAct
DEAR TONY CRAWL BACK TO BRUSSELS PLEASE ,YOU HAVE DONE INUFE DAMAGE TO THE UK
The amount HMG set aside for no-deal contingencies (4.2bn GDP) is approximately the same amount that asked for his wall resulting in USG shutdown (5.7USD).
Even Remainers must want to distance themselves from this attitude. #Brexit
France Activates Plan for No-Deal Brexit #World
Dear Canadian journos and pundits: Here's the Brexit lesson for Canadians. #cdnpoli
For the politicians to do the right thing and try to regain a little intergrity &amp; trust. Work together fans deliver the Brexit we voted for. We could never trust any result of a 2nd referendum as it would surely be fixed &amp; manipulated to deliver what the politicians want.
This is brilliant from Pankaj Mishra. How the chumocracy Cameron, Rees Mogg, Johnson followed the pattern of their forebears &amp; laid the foundations for Brexit disaster: I knew when I was at Oxford. I thought he was different but I guess not.
“Everyone upbeat, very pleased to see Nicola...lots of hugs &amp; shaking of hands.” "important (Nicola) here at this time of UK crisis" “She is the only one through this whole period who has shown leadership and consistency, who has put forward compromise positions on her terms"
Fridges, planes and soldiers: How the UK is preparing for a no-deal Brexit. It's actually 81 billion but that is far cheaper than staying in the EU. Staying in the EU or any part of the EU is not a good idea. There's no such thing as a "no deal" no deal = a WTO deal the best one
Shame on you Shame on you
But May is preparing the army for when she decides to delay or stop Brexit because the police won’t be able to cope with the backlash.
We voted for a Brexit. ..we've come to the point now..where they are saying...only another referendum could solve it...truth being I said this 2 and a half years ago. ..we would be forced here by the dummie spitters. .we voted leave European union..not..otherwise.
I've so many newspapers saying Jeremy Corbyn is stubborn and evil for not talking #Brexit with Theresa May. Leaving out the fact he said he's willing but only if May stops putting forward a "No Deal" option like she's holding the UK hostage. Fucking hate Newspapers...
Seen these red lines, there is ZERO foundation for a bipartisan #compromise, as everything the others are calling for is unacceptable for #PMMay and the #NastyParty. Hellbent on hurting #Britain on their quest to deliver #Brexit.
Brexit is like the Patrick Bergin character in Sleeping with the Enemy. You think it’s dead but it inexplicably keeps getting up.
Me at dinner with our four kids:
*BREAKING NEWS* Jeremy Corbyn has finally revealed the Labour Party policy for #Brexit
Damn straight Kidda
Absolutely,but calling leaders from all parties to work together should have happened the first few weeks after the referendum, not a few weeks before we are about to leave the EU! When wasn't this a national issue?
The Controlled Demolition of Brexit - #NewWorldNextWeek via
. now on #BBCWATO discussing perceptions of #Brexit outside the #UK. Hear more from Dr Tocci in an interview for the latest issue of on the #NextEuropeanCentury:
"Twitter feeds worth following" . #thinkanewactanew #Brexit #PeoplesVote #nhs #theresa_may #Farage #BBC #NickRobinson #AFNeil #Marr #Boris #BorisJohnson #PoliticsLive #BBCR4today #StandUp4Brexit #LeaveMeansLeave
: Theresa May survives confidence vote, even after Brexit failure
Paying for it twice then ? Brexit politics.
Theresa May's Brexit deal has been defeated. Now, to stop a No Deal Brexit, we need more time. I’ve signed the emergency petition calling for Article 50 to be extended or withdrawn. You can sign it, and sign up to hear more from , here:
"It is actually more accurate, for those invoking British history, to say that partition — the British Empire’s ruinous exit strategy — has come home."
Review the DUP's behavior during the whole Brexit process to date, their attitudes towards NI and NI minorities in particular, their attitudes to appropriation of public funds also. There's your justification.
It's like Hungary at Wembley in 1953 hasn't happened yet. But more than anything, this illustrate why GB are in the Brexit mess.
When the governments do not listen to scholars and experts, then the people should pay the price.
The #PeoplesVote would be between May’s deal, and #Remain. The #PeoplesVote would break the impasse at Westminster. The result could be made binding. If the People back May’s deal, then that’s the result. If the people back #Remain, then #Brexit is stopped.
How are your 6 tests doing after yesterday's smacking #Brexit
I'd love to know what wants to achieve from all this Brexit bullshit. she supported remain and she clearly doesn't want a no deal, but she knows she can't get her awful deal through parliament and the EU won't renegotiate. #deadlock
This probably my major reservation with PV: that it's leading figures have absolutely no idea how to speak to the problems that caused Brexit. They didn't give a shit about them until someone took away something they define themselves by.
UK would vote to stay in EU by 12 percentage point margin: YouGov poll | Article [AMP] | Reuters #brexit #remain
independent|Brexit deal: Theresa May takes maximum time available over plan B as debate scheduled for January 29|
Brexit = Bullshit #Brexit #TheresaMay
MP's in the main are quite stupid but strut around like a bunch of self important pricks talking utter rubbish mostly.
GBP/USD Stronger as Chances of a no deal Brexit
independent|Brexit dominates political circles, but outside Westminster many are tuning out|
Brexit warning to Canadians that manufacturing political division has economic consequences: Don Pittis
No deal Brexit. That is actually out.
Catastrophic for North Wales to lose 9,000 jobs and effects on local economy considering Holyhead Port complications post- brexit. North Wales needs investment, hopefully new NW Minster will ensure Welsh Gov't stops being so Cardiff--centric
It’s now or never for May. Time to compromise on Brexit
UK tech companies favour second referendum as subsequent transfer in Brexit stalemate
So according to the telegraph Hammond has said a no deal Brexit is to be taken off the table within days and even article 50 to been rescinded. Brexit has been betrayed #forthefewnotthemany #democracyhasfallen #brexitbretrayal
Strong sales the last 4 months of 2018. That is good news. Because of Brexit or despite Brexit
Brexit warning to Canadians that manufacturing political division has economic consequences
How come she gets two votes but we don't?
How true!
Your reply was "Brexit? So tell me about this washing machine"
Brexit Ferry Company..we can do it! #FBPE
According to a new YouGov poll, we want to #REMAIN ! 56% of voters would choose Remain if given the chance in a fresh referendum.
The Brexit fitness bonus has been massively overlooked. I'm training to swim the channel.
Box prepares for Brexit with new U.K. cloud zone
Brexit latest: I dey confuse... wetin dey happun now?
Do you HONESTLY believe that now they understand the issues more clearly, half the population still want brexit???????? #deluded
Leavers fear another referendum, because the people are seeing that Brexit is such a Balls Up. Democracy is not a one vote wonder:
hurry up im lingering w ppl i dnt like talking abt brexit
Not quite sure what this means tbf
I thought you might enjoy this thread - not so much "how would this be a movie?" as much as, "at what point is this too ridiculously beyond the bounds of likelihood to be a movie?"
Leadsom reveals Govt has stripped all #Brexit legislation from Commons for foreseeable future. No Immigration Bill 2nd reading &amp; no return of Trade Bill next wk. Paralysis confirmed. May has done a Trump and SHUTDOWN government - we are all hostages to her folly #stopbrexit
SAY NO TO WTO
Only if that brought the Brexit process to an end (temporary or equivocal revocation doesn't satisfy the CJEU Wightman ruling) which would be quite brave without a referendum.
Look at the Debt per GDP percentage. The Irish government should not be asked to bailout Arron Banks and his broken Brexit, it should not be asked to bail out the U.K. To bank things from a Withdrawal Agreement that the UK government likes. Ireland will not be the UK's doormat
Ah the uneducated are a delight... like the fact unionists voted for Brexit but get all salty when the will of the Scottish people assures independence. If you want Brexit we will have independence. There is absolutely nothing you can do about it.
That said, Labour right to vote down the deal to fight against hard Brexit
"Alexa, show me the definition of projection"
The latest #More #Coffee #Now! #brexit
It’ll be interesting to see whether world class politician Macron’s elite level Brexit chat will help him out with the whole issue he’s got on his hands of everyone in France fucking hating his guts lol
France plans for no deal Brexit with customs and border recruitment
No mention of brexit please I think it is a shambles
It is feasible to do it but the complexity of leaving ensures timeframe is insufficient within article 50. Hence brexit is a leap of faith, and a leap with certain downsides as even uncertainty, let alone resultant trade friction have economic downsides.
You're as cuplable as anyone for Brexit being foisted upon us and independence is posited as an escape route from this insanity in Westminster, they are relative to one another.
You shouldn't make a second referendum just because the first one puts you in a pinch. And I say that even if I find Brexit a dumb idea. If there is a lesson to be learned, referendums are unhealthy if all they're going to be is a propaganda bash-fest between opposing views.
In refusing to talk to May, Corbyn is making it clear that - despite his protestations - he actually wants and is certainly facilitating a no-deal Brexit. As ever, he is part of the problem, not part of the solution.
TODAY 5pm at : Visiting Parliamentary Fellows Seminar “Countdown to Brexit” with Lord George Bridges, Lord Stewart Wood, and Professor Anand Menon
Best one-line take on Brexit so far.
Well it does identify the remainers
No, Obi-Wan. It was written extremely tongue in cheek. I actually think what Bielsa done was hilarious. I was merely mocking the current hysteria regarding both Brexit, and this spying nonsense.
Yep. About right. #BrexitShambles
If you get bored just take the pee out of Brexit- you have to make it funny... please.
Leave lost in #GE17 "Mandate for Brexit" election, or did I miss that?
The latest the #business #consulting news! Thanks to #brexit #lawine
Any chance of extending the Working Holiday age to 35 (as is your policy for some countries) for us hard-working Brits who want to escape Brexit and move to Canada?
So many similarities. Worth a watch.
independent|How long would it take to organise a new Brexit referendum?|
I know there are still plenty of Blair haters, but he speaks intelligently on this, as did sorely missed Paddy Ashdown. Many times in life, people need saving from the muddled decisions they made. There's no good brexit, however much you try to pretend. #RevokeRemainRebuild
So funny....
I’m sorry but this is a ridiculous position. It basically means we remain a member without any representation and influence, thus what is the point in “leaving”? #CorbynBrexitSpeech
Brexperts en route! is planning to send experts to #EU27 capitals to coordinate the bloc’s no-deal #Brexit preparations. The latest on Brexit:
Hammond colluding with big business to prevent Brexit.
is vocally spruiking a no-deal Brexit in the UK. This provides an excellent example when explaining why he is not the Prime Minister of Australia. #auspol
Hey, just checking in to say I would like an independence referendum. Incidentally, that's why we gave the Scottish government a mandate for one ... And one we will have, even if - like Brexit - it's an advisory one.
good old Vince, making sure that we get Brexit! wait, what?
Brexit Street.
The country is in some state due to Brexit and people are upset with a razor blade advert. A lot of men seem upset with it too. Why the fuck are a lot of guys so effeminate these days ?
athey won the eu elections. #Brexit
You won the Confidence of your Party and the "paid" DUP. not Parliament you deluded fool #Brexit #BrexitShambles #StopBrexitSaveBritain
So the question is why are the views and anger of the 56% always ignored with only the 44% being described by media + politicians as "the British people" ?
Some of those equations aren't particularly helpful.
I would argue that they weren't oblivious, but arrogant. There are some elites in the UK that refuse to recognize that Ireland no longer has to bend to the whims of its former colonizer, largely due to the prosperity and security brought about by the EU.
or alternatively go back to the public and ask them to vote: 1. No Deal 2. No Brexit
Corbyn: "The imperialist Labour Party's starting point for any talks on brexit is the absolute negation of an actual brexit! Long live cosy deals with the EU Cartel of austerity, privatization &amp; plunder!!" -
One of very few Brexit tweets from me...
Your news bulletin this afternoon was misleading as JCB is amongst a number of firms in the area EXPANDING But of course that doesn't meet the BBC Brexit agenda so didn't feature SURPRISE SURPRISE
CURRENCIES : Dollar, Major Currencies Stable As Shutdown, Brexit And Muted European Data Scrutinized
So, in all seriousness, what the hell is the point of the talks?
Loving that The Water We Would Have Brought is present in the background of this discussion of potential actions and responses to Brexit #ohUKGov #couldawouldashoulda
Sadly this is Britain as it always was... I recently asked my Swedish partner why she isn't angry about Brexit... It's because it's just confirmed what she knew all along. And that makes me fucking furious.
#PeoplesVote #Labour #Brexit Interesting very interesting..?
why must a no deal Brexit be off the table. every deal has a no deal option you wouldn't accept a higher price because you go in somewhere and say i'm buying this no matter what so they increase the price. our choice to leave you people need to do the job and leave. no deal.
Crowdsolving works! Finally, a sane and civil #Brexit solution.
Hancock, I'm sure your instructions from central office was to attack Jeremy Corbyn to deflect from your disastrous government but it won't work. JC has insisted a hard deal is taken off the table before negotiating with May. Given a no deal Brexit would be calamitous good on him
We did before. It wasn’t an issue. We can again. It still shouldn’t/won’t be an issue. Unless the EU make it so!
Nap time! Please can I wake back up to a news service who realise that Brexit has an X in it and not a G cus seriously guys I’m about to punch the next person on telly who says Bregsit. Oh aye and it’s secRETary and not Secitry or anything else you lazy bastards. It’s not hard!
Brexit: Rule out no-deal, Jeremy Corbyn tells Theresa May
I wish I had your conviction. Unfortunately, I'm a cynical pessimist which is pretty tough going &amp; optimism is in very short supply. I hate the missed opportunity to burn their arses. Then we have the seventy+ tories squatters we have to deal with.
Everyone should watch this one. exposes what an utter lightweight and bullshitter Rees-Mogg really is
what is the market in within 12 months? ?
Aesop - again, personal attacks, no substance What are you defending, and why? What is the point anymore? I'm highlighting Corbyn's Pro Brexit approach, people can agree or disagree, but hopefully with counter arguments What do you think you are achieving?
always on the wrong side of history.
To cancel Brexit the EU Withdrawal Act 2018 would need amending or repealing. This would need to complete all parliamentary stages in both houses and receive Royal assent before it changed current law. All 27 EU member countries would also have to agree to cancel Article 50.
"When all solutions are bad, it’s time to reinvent the problem. Is it still possible to honour the initial Brexit referendum without crossing the EU’s red lines? Yes – through semi-Brexit." #mindgames
#brexit seems to have degenerated into childish game of chicken for massive stakes. What a shambles.
#Thursdaythoughts #Brexit We need a #PeoplesVote.
Theresa May on the Brink Following Devastating Brexit Defeat
Should've offered us a deal that didn't try to annex N. Ireland then? F**k you , N. Ireland will NOT be the price of #Brexit. WTO exit it is!
Yes, it was, REMAIN said "If you want that then vote LEAVE but it's risky". We voted LEAVE. We accepted the risks associate with WTO Brexit (there is no such thing as no deal, there will be a deal, on WTO trade terms). We want what we voted for.
This is as much about Plaid/Adam Price Wales positioning as it is about anything Brexit. Excuse my absolute (Welsh) cynicism.
Brexit ! What the...who cares...fake news. look ! I can survive in here for years folks, I’ve got everything I need.
#BinBrexit #Remain don't #Leave #PeoplesVoteNow #RevokeArt50 #RevokeRemainRebuild
Government has utterly failed to deliver brexit solution. We need to delay A50 to avoid no-deal: would be catastrophic. Then cross party talks to find way forward. If that fails, need all opp parties to group together &amp; support clear "Remain" policy &amp; fight GE as broad coalition.
Anyone who can think that leaving the EU isn't a cause for worry, at this stage of the countdown, is too pig-ignorant to be real. I sit on a twice-weekly Brexit steering committee, in a firm which employs 10k people in the UK. There's plenty to worry about, you utter fuckwit.
Posters showing politicians' quotes on...you guessed it, Brexit.
Perhaps but in modern context, Brexit has brought it understandably back to the fore given the provocative commentary from the ill-informed.
You actually want brexit supporters to die? Each to their own.
More than 170 business leaders join call for #PeoplesVote They represent more than £100bn in annual contributions to UK economy
I'm goin to take a quote from Corbyn.."STUPID WOMAN"
There are nasty people on both sides of the Brexit divide, but Remainers really are plumbing new depths at the moment. What kind of mind thinks that this is acceptable?
Central Bank says Irish financial system can withstand 'cliff-edge' Brexit #Brexit
JFC. No.
#Brexit no sympathy for #TheresaMay
The fact of this is that represents an actual challenge to the authority of Theresa May and the viability of a Tory Brexit. It works as a strategy because it cuts through so much noise and demands that people take sides.
This does not make any sense. You break a deadlock by giving your ace away. Oh wait. He also wants to decommission all our nukes and leave NATO as well so all war ends.
The Prime Minister is to blame here for all the delays in Brexit negotiations. and have failed the UK and are trying, patheticly, to lay this as Jeremy Corbyn's door. We see straight through you Mrs May. #Brexit #PeoplesVote #TheresaMay
Much looking forward to launching my coming book, How Change Happens, at University College London in April. (With discussion of Brexit, President Trump, democratic cascades, antidemocratic cascades, climate change, feminism, &amp; Martin Luther King, Jr.)
I dont agree with everything on this article, but there are a lot of good points that go beyond the short-term economics of Brexit
Speaker of the House John Bercow is becoming a cult figure in Europe as he struggles to maintain order during #Brexit debates.
I would argue that they weren't oblivious, but arrogant. There are some elites in the UK that refuse to recognize that Ireland no longer has to bend to the whims of its former colonizer, largely due to the prosperity and security brought about by the EU.
I lost a lot of money backing Remain. My gambling days on Brexit are over. (plus, I have no idea what those odds you sent me mean).
Just instigate a people’s vote you wet lettuce. Brexit has been a complete mess and you on the other side are of no use. What purpose are you actually serving?? The situation would be the same if you had been invisible for the past two years. You talk too much.
no, REALLY? you mean is sticking exactly to her ideas but pretending to listen? how unlike the past two years. #Brexit #FacePalm
Apparently No10 is willing to collaborate &amp; compromise, as long as they don;t have to compromise. Just an attempt to share the blame for utter ineptitude when it came to Brexit. No more.
They would only be required if there is no Brexit. Dealing with angry remoaners would be easy, just threaten to close pret
Whilst #Brexit talks continue, over the past week, there have been some encouraging predictions for the UK property market this week - #houseprices #propertyprices #propertymarket #marketpredictions #ukhousingmarket #propertynews #propertyinvestment
It's because of people like you people voted Brexit. Keep up the good work.
The Meatloaf of brexit.
Jeremy, you're supposed to be the leader of the opposition. Avoiding the situation is only going to make a no deal more likely.
Brexit re article 50 it must not be suspended/stopped under any circumstances
No it also can also change the composition of the House of Commons and the executive. And would force both the tories and labour to agree a manifesto position on brexit.
Petition: Walk away now! We voted for a No Deal Brexit
To be honest. At the moment I couldn’t give a shit who was friends or who talked to whom 30/40 years ago. Let’s leave all that for the time being, and let’s sort out Brexit . Shits hitting the fan , and politicians are busy talking bollocks with absolutely no relevance at moment
Brexit deadlock: May pandering to ‘sectarian protestant DUP’ blasts Tory grandee Ken Clarke
Caroline this 'gridlock' to what you refer is of your making and intentional. The ballot was Leave and won on a no deal WTO prospectus.
How do we prepare for Brexit when so much is undecided?
Disagree with the sentiment that a Corbyn led government is worse than the current shit show we're being subjected to but otherwise, yeah. This thread. British politics is so clapped I can't bear it.
Yep. He feigned Remain for quite a while. He’s still embarrassingly cagey about what he believes. See HOC yesterday and all the other days. Brexit is a fascist policy. Hard to believe Labour adopted it.
After this staggering defeat for May, our country is left lost and adrift | Jonathan Freedland #BrexitCrisis #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Great NEWS
capturing the Brexit zeitgeist in Southampton today
I was thinking more along that lines that it is a pro Brexit Tory bot trying to drive Labour moderates away from the party!
Is UK property heading for a post-Brexit meltdown?
BBCNEWS 5:40am NEW BREXIT COMMONS VOTE. PM wants talks held in "constructive spirit" ', I NEW BREXIT COMMONS VOTE. Theresa May met...
My take on and a Second #Brexit Referendum: Don't expect an option to remain in the #EU
I think that’s true of most but there’s enough who have just generally lost it over Brexit and can’t control themselves, and with only a minority govt that makes it tough to act. That said, I can’t see how the govt survives any possible outcome - No Deal, Deal or revocation.
Brilliant
He literally admits voting Brexit in the first sentence
Why doesn't he fix his nose, too?
Corbyn defends refusal to talk to May without no-deal pledge - I tend to agree, May’s hard-Brexit red lines are still standing! No humility, no surrender :) 432-202, no?
So what form of Brexit did you vote for in 2016?
During constructive meetings this morning with the Minister for the Cabinet Office and UK Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs we raised possible ways the British government could meet on solutions to break the Brexit impasse.
Tory MP pledges second referendum amendment to May's Brexit plan
I speak French, and he is actually a little more eloquent than the translation, but no doubt he is 1000% SPOT ON! Please share this for those who need to hear it. Brexit was a Steve Brannon fantasy, pushed by Russia, untethered to any economic reality.
Unfortunately general elections tend to be relatively predictable events about how much tax and spend is necessary - and in broad terms tend to correct for too much and not enough. Brexit is not like that so I am not convinced a broadly two party election will resolve anything.
One way to "rule out" a no deal is to legislate to unilaterally and automatically rescind Art 50 if there is no deal by the afternoon of March 29. Is there any other way to guarantee it won't happen?
5 things to know for January 17: Shutdown, Syria, Kenya attack, Brexit, climate
Can we have a second election 2016? Irregularities, colluding with enemy, lying Flynn, despicable Sessions, reckless , constitutional crisis. Wow, let's have a do-over! #TrumpShutdown will cause bankruptcies but screwed you there too!
No that is the Media &amp; Government who don't want to BREXIT , scaremongering &amp; using delay tactics to avoid it . Nobody knows what BREXIT will look like until it happens .
Great idea. We just launched a new petition today calling on MPs to work cross-party and assign time for cross-party proposals on how to find a way forward on the Brexit negotiations:
Hitachi just killed massive project to build a nuclear power plant, putting thousands of jobs at risk (+ losing the company £2 billion). Their CEO was outspoken in March 2016 against Brexit, making it clear they chose the UK because it was part of the EU.
This is very good: Brexit is a perfect storm of highly improbable occurances that nonetheless occurred, one after the other.
is there any link between the Japanese visit last week, the shambles of Brexit and Hitachi pulling out of the nuclear power plants in Anglesey and Gloucester....losing jobs and future employment in their THOUSANDS?? Just asking.........
Interesting that almost no-one has mentioned how the EU has worked silently to maintain very peaceful co-existence in Europe. In Macron's latest speech, he hints at potential problems for UK planes wanting to land in France if no deal. Hey ho. #Brexit
Don't ruin the 's agenda please, France. Most UK politicians want us to naively buy into their Project Fear propaganda.
Eeriely reminiscent of the Brexit vote. The people who want it will show up. It would be close.
Thought you'd be happy that he wants the PM to rule out no deal, given how much you've talked about why we should all oppose Brexit? Anyone would think your primary concern is just making right-wing attacks on Corbyn whatever he does on Europe...
This is quite a summary
Sometimes I dont know if I want black or white shoes because black is practical colore but white shoes are fancy. However, my decision in shopping center doesnt affect 66 milion people around me, as does the UK in terms of BREXIT’s black and white politics..
“The truth is, the real divide in our country is not between those who voted to Remain in the EU and those who voted to Leave ...It is between the many—who do the work, who create the wealth and...
Acquaintances of mine who voted leave are now bemoaning the fact their shares have lost 10% in value, and they are worried about getting their meds after Brexit.
REES-MOGG on Philip Hammond support for No Deal "It is not intelligent politics nor an intelligent negotiating strategy. If the Government connived in changing the law to stop Brexit it would be a very good way of alienating voters." via
Brexit fan... I love death threats.
Omg spot on
Great points on Brexit made by war criminal Tony Blair, today.
. Either do it or don't. Stop pussyfooting around for your precious political points AND GET ON WITH IT.
This is a sad reflection on the depths remoaner campaigners will stoop, using the naivety of the young to do their bidding. He can look forward to unemployment in the country of his choice,Italy,France,Portugal,Greece etc a cornucopia of failing Eu Euro countries. #Brexit
Finally discovered what MPs have been trying to have and eat at the same time for the last two years #Brexit
I'm here lurking - just got fed up with ALL the tweets being about Brexit :(
May will stick to Brexit 'principles' in cross-party talks, says No 10. aka Let's have a talk to come to an agreement, but I'm not going to change my mind.
Nothing will improve while we have a Remainer managing Brexit. We don't know what we could get if we properly negotiate instead of vainly throwing around Boris Johnson's discredited spin and then saying that nothing more could be done!
Hi. I am Rajib. I am a professional Graphic Designer. I can do any task that Graphic related to any work contact me. -FIVERR #Background remove. #
Who needs satirists when you've got David Davis? Former Brexit Minister David Davis: 'We Should Not Be Afraid of No Deal' via
Labour's Brexit policy isn't decided by Corbyn.
This is brilliant from Pankaj Mishra. How the chumocracy Cameron, Rees Mogg, Johnson followed the pattern of their forebears &amp; laid the foundations for Brexit disaster: I knew when I was at Oxford. I thought he was different but I guess not.
is he on about Brexit?
Corbyn only ever comes off the fence when he sees an opportunity to pounce for power when things are going against May. No plan of his own - no substance. #Brexit
If we have a #PeoplesVote I will be able to accept the result even if #Leave wins despite being a passionate #Remainer. I can never accept the result of the 1st referendum as it was based on lies and no clarity about what we were voting for. #BREXIT
Depends, the lowest jobs have seen wage increases lately and will likely after we leave the EU due to less immigration. I am the poor. There is more to the brexit debate than money and economics though. It depends what you prioritise.
Brexit re article 50 it must not be suspended/stopped under any circumstances
But we should have it in written LAW. If there is another ref for Brexit, if we vote to remain, we automatically have a ref for INDYREF2. OR WE AUTOMATICALLY CALL THIS SECOND VOTE CALL FOR BREXIT AND CALL FOR INDY, 2 VOTES IN 1
Democracy is not a fixed point in time, people are entitled to change their view as more facts emerge. If you are so confident of increasing the brexit vote %, why be fearful of a further referendum?
Now I understand it a tad more. Brexit thread read.
What’re your thoughts on Brexit?
How a Playwright Made Sense of Brexit via
True and not all elderly people voted for Brexit. Yet to take such drastic action as Brexit on a slim majority without assessing if a majority is still keen at all is extraordinarily unwise. #PeoplesVote
Would the balance really be changed that much? Did surviving the confidence vote not just suggest that nobody wants the job as no one wants to negotiate brexit? Unless a change in PM and party would force the EU back to the negotiating table, of course
When Blair - is he still a paid up member of Labour? - yet again attacks Labour's Brexit stance, you know Corbyn is right! Blair is doing everything he can to prevent a Labour government led by Jeremy Corbyn
, being a bit dubious about Brexit , thought I'd look into WTO only countries. Perhaps we're wrong ?
#Brexit: Rule out no-deal, Jeremy Corbyn tells Theresa May
ARSEHOLE MAY,RESIGN,PAST YOUR SELL BY DATE,YOU HAVE TURNED SOUR.
Too little, too late? Contingency planning for UK nationals in case of a no deal Brexit - Barrow Cadbury Trust
How a Playwright Made Sense of 'Brexit' ( - )
#Thursdaythoughts #Brexit We need a #PeoplesVote
Bret Stephens Between the Brexit fiasco and the Trumpian one, we are drifting toward a moment of civilizational self-negation. My column on the Rudderless West in :
: Labour party wants general elections and has an alternate plan for Brexit
Jon Snow got a shock with the youngsters view on brexit!!
Absolute classic line from Owen Paterson about the Welsh referendum. Wonder why he isn’t making the same point about the Brexit one?
Theresa May on the Brink Following Devastating Brexit Defeat
Indeed. There is no mandate for any particular type of Brexit. In order for it to happen legitimately there would need to be a majority in Parliament for it -which there isn’t. Only choice therefore is a PeoplesVote or run off style Votes to establish the true will of the people.
2nd Referendum Can't Be Re-Run of 2016 Vote - Corbyn Amid Brexit Chaos
An old lie from JRM - What one piece of Jacob Rees-Mogg nonsense tells us about Brexit tactics via
#Brexit: Are we running out of time?
Honestly what options do we really have for Brexit at the moment? It's weird to watch all the politicians act like we still have so many options but we really don't, do we? Did I miss something?
GBP/USD Stronger as Chances of a no deal Brexit
'Chaotic' Brexit May Hinder German Economic Growth - Federation of Industries
The vote did matter, in facts it was the reference to trigger A50. The issue is that the Brexit promise was a unicorn and when reality prevails and the actual deal is presents there’s a democratic need to ask the people if it’s worth accepting it
UK Could Nix No-Deal Brexit, Delay Article 50, Hammond Tells Business Leaders
Rob says the same. And this seems a little extreme, even by my standards! *starts secret stockpile under the bed just in case*
Report on Brexit actually being Russia's 1st western success. Russia's misinformation and propaganda campaign brainwashed Britain's into thinking that they needed to leave the E.U. same people behind Brexit were behind Trump. Never heard 1 report about it.
This is not looking good for UK medicine supply in the case of No Deal Brexit either
Can you ask her about UK’s ongoing involvement in the EU military unification project? Does it not make a mockery of brexit if we give away control of our armed forces to an unelected and ostensibly soon to be even less accountable European superstate? #PESCO
Say what you like about the bloke... but the no deal Brexit 4.2 billion could be spent so much more effectively on struggling public services and those on the universal credit!
The left has now got to the point where they are entirely happy for under 18s to have a vote and are quite happy for immigrants to have a vote. But if you're white and over 60 you may as well top yourself because your meaningless Gammon existence is ruining the country. #brexit
So... #Brexit? What happens next...? No one knows... via
If this is what they’re eating for breakfast no wonder Brexit isn’t going well
Ireland produces virtually no milled what of its own for bread, importing the majority from or via the UK. During recent storms, it ran out causing bread shortages. Consumers warned to expect more of the same with Brexit.
Not seen or mention this. Strange as they're suggesting only Is saying 'yes we'll talk but only if #NoDeal is off the table. Come on guys....keep up, or is there another agenda?
#Labour must pursue a better #Brexit deal, not a second referendum
I find it highly interesting ! the united kingdom ,the English ,the british ,they can find their ways to and in every door on planet earth ,but ! can not find the Brexit …………….maybe ,we should place signs on the doors that says "Brexit " ………..the captain
Never had any respect for Polly or Guardian. This crosses limit. It is downright #ISIS level propaganda of hoping people die. No issues with statistical analysis but this kind of giving it a campaign slant is horrible. #Brexit
So go for the throat. May is weak. If she won’t go for referendum, fine. We want to ditch Brexit. Revoke A50. Now is the time.
Gary Johnson would’ve got his Brexit agreement through parliament because Gary Johnson doesn’t lose
Gollum Decodes Brexit Shambles With 'Bohemian Rhapsody' Spoof
This parliaments way of treating the public’s vote, scheming every underhanded way they can to stop brexit and kill democracy very few people young or old will probably exercise the use of there meaningful vote anyway
#EUsupergirl madeleina_kay updating news channels of #brexit latest outside Parliament #bolloxtobrexit @ Parliament Square
I still don't like Brexit
Meet Femi, never had a job for more than 10 months, entire real life work experience outside of telling lies about speaking for whole of UK is less than three years, WOW, Femi must be so clever to KNOW he speaks for whole UK. How did he come to that assumption, bullshit occurs.
Currencies: #Dollar, major currencies stable as shutdown, Brexit and muted European data scrutinized #marketwatch #finance #news
Okay, I think most of us are fully aware that Hitachi's decision to write off $3bn and scrap much of its UK investment isn't 'because of' Brexit, but let's also all be clear and honest about it - it really doesn't help, does it...?
What will unleash demons is a second vote, especially one without a genuine Brexit option. I would move from supporting democratic protest to calling for active resistance against our traitorous elite.
What brexit option would be put in a 2nd ref #PeoplesVote if both Theresa May's crap deal&amp; #NoDealBrexit have already been ruled out by our Sovereign (Parliament)? Is there enough time for a PV anyway? Also,Executive are only ones who can action one? The PV makes no sense #GTTO
Brexit means Brexit
Go on now, go, walk out the door Just turn around now 'Cause you're not welcome anymore Weren't you the one who tried to break me with goodbye Do you think I'd crumble Did you think I'd lay down and die? Brexit: Theresa May meeting MPs 'to seek consensus'
The backstop is only partly to do with Northern Ireland actually. It is the EU's guarantee that the UK will negotiate in good faith during the Transition period and not try to crash out if being a rule taker gets hard and difficult. So no Arlene, the EU will not budge.
Brexit is going proper Chris Grayling
Very enjoyable read.
Manchester Council wasted enough money to house *EVERY SINGLE* rough sleeper in #Manchester for an entire year, with a hot meal, warm shower and access to a support worker #abedeverynight #endhomelessness #endroughsleeping
If Brexit has taught us anything, it’s how totally inept and self serving this government and the opposition has been, on a issue of this magnitude they’ve been left wanting.
PM ready to hand over cash The Commons will only vote after slices of the funds have been allocated to Northern Ireland, and will be denied a single vote on the overall £1bn – despite the Govt conceding last year that Parliament’s “authorisation” is needed
It makes my eyes roll back in my head at the sheer half-arsery of her approach...it will get everyone precisely no-where #Brexit
So Brexit plan B is just plan A a week later FFS
They're not banning us from going to the EU loool?
The latest European Affairs! Thanks to #brexit #germany
and Revoke Article 50, cancel #Brexit and get on with sorting the country out! #BrexitShambles #BrexitChaos #bolloxtobrexit #laughingstock
Tell MPs: work cross-party to fix Brexit. Add your name now via
Now Chris Southworth, Sec'y General of the Int'l Chamber of Commerce is on saying stupidery: "Yeah 80% of the economy is services but really there's no difference between goods and services." Seriously? How do these people get their jobs? #Brexit
MPs “(Nicola)complimentary about work we are doing under Ian's leadership, about the way he has handled matters, about the way we have a united group, the way we have taken matters to the Tories.” “pep talk” at such historic moment "getting Scotland’s voice heard,”
Imonce #brexit is done I think that the history of politics should be taught in all schools to allow youngsters to grow up with the knowledge of what went wrong before. It’s an important part of adult life the same as finances. #justmyopinion #education #KnowledgeIsPower
Theresa May takes maximum time available over Brexit plan B as debate scheduled for January 29 When will May get her full ERG membership badge?
Time this scheming bastard was fired: Philip Hammond faces Cabinet backlash over no-deal Brexit as ministers say he is a 'rogue element'
The latest on the new brexit. Teresa May fucking over the election and the people who voted to leave
Foolish position to take. Would you tell a salesman selling you a car that it doesn’t matter how high he prices it, you’re still going to have it?
The trouble is, you've shown we import a lot, but to a Brexiter they still don't understand the problem of getting these things through the border. A hard brexit is so foreign to them that it just does not compute that goods won't get across the border swiftly
If sticks had one end, he'd still grab the wrong one. #hesgottogo
It's actually really insulting (I don't mean you personally) to be told that you voted for Brexit when your choice was between a safe Tory, a longshot Lab who wasn't clear on her Brexit position and the other parties who weren't even on the map where I live.
We are now at the point where many people start talking Brexit, they give terms and conditions in advance.... 'Obviously everyone is entitled to an opinion, but I voted xxxx, because xxxx but I feel xxxxxxx..... Sad times.
Tell MPs: work cross-party to fix Brexit. Add your name now via
Fascinating the new left argument that Glassman strings together here. Nothing new. Very 1956. Every he describes in terms of a proactive model can be achieved in the EU.
I liked a video Theresa May's Brexit Failure | The Daily Show with Trevor Noah
Do you know when, after a dinner with friends, at midnight, your friends say goodbye, put their coat, you accompany them to the door... but then you all stay on the door talking for another hour? I call that "pulling a brexit".
Jeremy Corbyn gets the date of May's historic Brexit defeat WRONG via
Thanks folks!
I expect you are already familiar with this. All you need to know about a hard border. There is also the problem of Carlingford Lough where the snipers used to go out on the mudflats in wetsuits that made them invisible, to shoot at police and army patrols.
Paging #wightknight
As tensions rise with China, Brexit seems more dangerous than ever
#Brexit gone send arlene and nigel to Brussels to negotiate this deal. See what they come back with. That should resolve a few things holding this up
he already friggin did she declined ffs
When they chanted “Take back control” did they ever specify who was going to take power from who? #Brexit #RevokeArticle50 #PeoplesVote #LBC
Brexperts en route! is planning to send experts to #EU27 capitals to coordinate the bloc’s no-deal #Brexit preparations. The latest on Brexit:
Brexit: Axa will transfer part of its activities to Ireland
Sums up the remainers attitude completely....we want democracy but screw it cus we didn’t get the democratic result we wanted!! Morons!! #brexit
With Brexit looming the EU is basically putting up a middle finger to the UK and saying either run with us or leave stop wasting time.
#TheresaMay tenacity as she is a woman,a responsable true strong politician,a wise militant of a fair compromised #BrexitDeal ?Both those qualities.Proud machist and sexist disagree and take offense? #BrexitVote #BrexitChaos #uk Cowards who vote #Brexit but dont have shoulders
That's my take on it. If she were inclined to properly negotiate, she would have done. Corbyn doesn't want any ownership of Brexit at all. His behaviour for 2+ years has shown that. SNP just wants indyref legitimised by a 2nd ref. Norway bad for the City.
Happy birthday to me!
I came to the UK from Singapore when I was one year old (English dad/Singaporean mum) and I used to get all that rubbish back in the 70s-80s. I hadn't been told to go home/back to my country for years until the brexit referendum.
100% we have had governments trying to sail us across the Atlantic before but we can actually walk to Europe and that is where our future lies. Labour's soft Brexit is the best democratic solution,
#nodeal #Brexit contingency plans.
Worth chatting with about a new Science party? Admittedly it would leave you with less time for teaching and presenting but we might end up with sensible government for the first time since 1947... #Brexit #BrexitShambles #RemainandReform
Trump. Brexit. Acceptance.
We keep getting told that we can't have a 2nd Brexit referendum, because a minority on the far right will get up set and cause trouble. Isn't that the definition of fascism?
The Tories caused this Brexit problem - Let them sort it.
I don’t agree with it, but Corbs has made the Labour Party’s Brexit position clear time and time again
Maybe brexit is causing these headaches
Not content with #wasting £ billions of #UK money #brexit #liars cause this too France triggers €50m contingency plan in case of no-deal Brexit
Well of course you don’t regret it , it is merely the greatest political mistake of the 21st century. Will we ever hear “sorry, I was wrong” from a politician?
I can't decide who's more Brexit, Neil Warnock or Peter Shilton. I think it's Shilts
Instead of voting with a Brexit supporting leader of the opposition who cannot defeat the government until the DUP or ERG change their position. Stop playing games Owen. JC is just time wasting.
Brexit is a very interesting problem, like the ones we face in software development. If you have a problem that you have to mentally load it all and solve it all simultaneously then we face our own human limitation.
What Macron said is that the 17.4 million people who voted to leave the EU are sheep who fall for fake news/lies, and that our democratic will is subservient to an unaccountable regime who knows what's best for us. Ever wondered why his popularity in France was fleeting? #Brexit
If you’re a Sociologist in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a calamity for you. If you live in the East of England then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this mess! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
how is lab to blame for brexit ldem coalition enforcing austerity and hardship on millions certainly helped decide ppl to vote out
Fabulous morning St Luke's Write Club. Wrote 1000 words on diagnostic uncertainty and shaped a chapter :) thank you and for excellent and focused facilitation plus a bit of Brexit and kitchen talk #phdchat
i hope there's another one here. I've spent several decades being the most left-wing person in the room, but I'd like those of us who hate Brexit to stick up for each other and fight together against the Bannon/Farage/Putin coup. Why so much hatred JC4PM/FBPE?
Everyone's banging on about the #Gove speech but this from is inspired #brexit #BrexitShambles
71 days to #BrexitDay or, better still, only 36 Parliament Sitting Days to #Brexit left. LOL
Philip Hammond is a key reason why Tories have messed up Brexit. Constantly undermining UK negotiating leverage. The Tories have failed us.
Beautiful Brexit and Parliament analogy. #singletear
Not only hasn't Mrs May met with other party leaders until now, it appears, going by what David Davis implied, she didn't even let those she'd supposedly put in charge of Brexit negotiations know what was going on.
I'd put money on no election before March 30th. I heard the French have just decided to activate their planning for a hard brexit...
It hasn't been ignored, there are *many* ways of leaving - May has proposed one. What was your definition of leave? Hard brexit and WTO?
So why are Not talking about this??
For more than 2 years Theresa May as been in sole charge of Brexit and its been a shambolic failure rejected by Parliament. It's too late to involve the other parties. May has failed. May should resign. #Mayout #BrexitShambles #Brexit
Just an example of the sort of stuff i got in response to decrying use of war imagery in Brexit yesterday.
Also, brexit is a exactly what Russia ordered, so why not get the current chief puppet on?
If Corbyn wanted to rule out No Deal he would have opposed activating Article 50. As it’s now the default, this can’t be the starting point of any talks, it’s the inevitable consequence of talks failing.
This. #BrexitChaos
I have thought this the case for some time ... they don’t really want it deep down. Leavers have just killed the best chance of Brexit ever happening | The Spectator
The Rudderless West #Trump #Brexit
BBCNEWS 5:41am NEW BREXIT COMMONS VOTE. MPs will vote on Brexit next steps on 29th January; I ; NEW BREXIT COMMONS VOTE. PM meeting...
So, when it comes down to wire and it's May's deal or no deal, Lab will fold, as planned. That'll leave only hardline Brexiteers voting against, and some anti-Brexit types. But if they vote that way, their votes could bring only disasterous no deal. But no times for indyref (2/2)
The WA was agreed by 27 countries. Together they will accept those terms. A hard Brexit instantly makes 1.2m people 3rd country nationals. The EU has no existing law to compel any member to treat those people in any specific way. That would require another 27 country agreement
Bravo to put such a complex case into a 2 mins of simplicity and clarity outlining lies and manipulations: a second referendum needed to give Brits the last word Emmanuel Macron’s summation of Brexit: ‘The British people were sold a lie’ – video
According to Ardal O'Hanlon The Great British Bake Off (and the DUP) is to blame for Brexit! | | #jeremyvine
Tory Brexit = Disaster Capitalism Labour Brexit = Disaster Socialism One thing in common
Getting insane now, what to believe anymore...
Seafood Brexit guide released by as March 29 draws near: #fish #seafood #food #Brexit
YES, WE HAD A LOT FIGHT IN THE PAST, OVER GERMANY'S MATTERS,BREXIT ETC.I ALWAYS HAVE POSTED PAINTINGS AND STORIES ON TWITTER ( THEY SAID ON ) : "BED TIME STORY" .THEY ADMIRED MY POSTS ON MY OLD FACEBOOK ACCOUNT .I HOPE THE NEXT EUROPEAN UNION IS MORE DEMOCRACY THAN TODAY.
Particularly amusing in the light of Jeremy Warner's article in yesterday's Telegraph about Brexit and the 'Thrift Paradox'.
clearly your policy now is to be obstructive as you sees political capital in possible chaos after No Deal exit&gt;reality is 'Mr Corbyn wants a No Deal'
Wylfa Newydd: Hitachi to halt work on UK nuclear plant- Another vote of no confidence anyone?? I wonder if they used #BREXIT as excuse to put all this on the long finger &amp; now #BrexitChaos ripples begin &amp; their patience has understandably run out!
He should be at Downing Street discussing #Brexit with the other party leaders
Let's hope we get a full proper brexit delivered, if not then the Tory party can say good bye they would of destroyed there own party, as people are all ready thinking voting for a different if this happens!
YES, WE HAD A LOT FIGHT IN THE PAST, OVER GERMANY'S MATTERS,BREXIT ETC.I ALWAYS HAVE POSTED PAINTINGS AND STORIES ON TWITTER ( THEY SAID ON ) : "BED TIME STORY" .THEY ADMIRED MY POSTS ON MY OLD FACEBOOK ACCOUNT .I HOPE THE NEXT EUROPEAN UNION IS MORE DEMOCRACY THAN TODAY.
I voted to leave the EU in entirety. The only form of brexit
BBC 5 live interview with Clare McDonnell about the avalanche risk in the alps #ThomasHager
Latest Brexit poll...56% REMAIN
Any Spike Lee Joint is pure class. Between Trump's 'Merica, Brexit and everything in between, I'm struggling to find a lower point in my 46 years on Earth. I know the pendulum will swing back, but we're risking so much that we inherited &amp; those before us sacrificed for. Peace.x.
Arrogant remainers want a second vote. That would be a bad day for democracy | Chris Bickerton
Our parliament voted by a massive majority of 384 to trigger Article 50. 432 MPs voted against, let’s face it, the EU’s take it if leave it deal. I’m now wondering how many MPs actually want Brexit? Perhaps they won’t vote in favour of any deal
There's no reason why any of these options can't be discussed, but May &amp; the govt do not want to be held responsible for even countenancing them. If it does eventually go to a 2nd ref, they played no part. Other issues allow the govt to identify themselves clearly as 'Brexit'
I urge the Jew-hating, terrorist -loving, Marxist red dog to leave the country and sod off to North Korea .
The fixation in delivering Brexit has to be off the table too
Theresa May has one last throw of the Brexit dice via
That should work!
So how do you feel that your hero Corbyn has ignited Party policy and has NO intention of allowing a second referendum. He and the 4Ms are playing games with everyone over Brexit.
The view from Germany: Brexit as a Monty Python sketch? #wato
#BrexitVote #BrexitDeal #BrexitDealVote #Tory #brexit One rule for us, one rule for them! #Hypocrisy
Emmanuel Macron sums up the chaos of Brexit perfectly in just two minutes
Despite being the worst PM in history he was without doubt the BEST Labour PM in history.
Ok, but my interpretation of “Brexiteer” might be different to yours. I don’t think all of the 52% who voted Leave are Brexiteers in the sense they want a hard Brexit/no deal. Some of them would be happy with Norway.
Based on the silver-haired audiences attending Remain rallies, I would hazard a guess that one of the underlying assumptions is false. And based on the egg-on-their-face C4 News youth debate on Brexit, I also reckon so is the other.
WOW HER SAYING LETS WORK TOGETHER TO BRING THE BREXIT THE PEOPLE VOTED FOR DID NOT LAST LONG DID IT
Fridges, planes and soldiers: How the UK is preparing for a no-deal Brexit – CNBC
Who are you? When were you elected
A Tory MP has likened no-deal Brexit fear mongering to Bird Box
Further proof - as if it were needed - that we have a Parliament in meltdown fighting tooth and nail over a deal the majority of the country no longer wants. Never, ever, leave politics to the politicians.
There is nothing to get excited about here. The MOD is just doing its due diligence and ensuring it has enough personnel at the ready to assist civil authorities if required. Contingencies are made by all government departments, it would be irresponsible not to.
im not having this labour policy is not clear its never been clear, he knows the tories wont take no deal off the table so is by doing nothing is actually facilitating a No Deal brexit.
That's lucky. Neither do LD members. Are you suggesting LD Brexit policy is to have a Tory gov?
Sometimes I dont know if I want black or white shoes because black is practical colore but white shoes are fancy. However, my #decision in shopping center doesnt affect 66 milion people around me, as does the #UK in terms of #BREXIT’s black and white #politics..
France triggers €50m contingency plan in case of no-deal Brexit
The chaos of the UK Government over Brexit might be the 'hot' topic but here at #OOWLON it's business as usual with discussing how we can help businesses with their ERP &amp; SCM projects. Come &amp; meet the team. #emeapartners #SupplyChain
Blog: Ishbel Smith examines what the third sector can learn from the Brexit debate
What Brexit policy is that?
Is there an option for us Brits who want no part of what our allegedly-representative government (laugh) seeks to achieve and implement re Brexit, i.e. keep our citizenships? The younger generation will never forgive this current lot of corrupt, unforgiving, pathological liars.
#Brexit Do not dare to compromise our principles in the EU for historic British arrogance and chaos &amp; let them leave without a deal if they don't exactly agree to this one!
There are 71 days left to stop a no-deal Brexit. A GE will not stop it.
THE COUNTRY IS DISAPPOINTED SHE HASN'T RESIGNED.
Bye bye Brexit. We off to Japan... Oh shit, what about the kids?
AV is ideal for getting the majority view of least worst option. But imagine the scenes if/when No Deal/No Brexit win in first round but lose overall to May’s Deal. A very large minority would stay very unhappy.
me talking on behalf of the uk against Theresa May and her brexit shenanigans x
Brexit means the NWO is losing however, Brexit will never happen. Mark my words
Of course that was the plan along. If they couldn't stop us from leaving then they would water down Brexit as much as possible.
Arguably an actual "Brexit dividend" - less nuclear waste to worry about for thousands of years, because Hitachi is cutting UK investment. Of course, since it's the hope that gets you, the gov will likely replace it with a dozen coal plants...
It's comforting to hear Richard Plunkett-Ernle-Erle-Drax, MP in my father's constituency of South Dorset, is confident that 'we will survive' Brexit. I'm going to go out on a limb and guess that he will manage just fine in his 900 acre ancestral seat
yes, which is exactly the point. take a no deal brexit off the fucking table !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Don’t rely on Germany to solve Brexit, it doesn’t need to help Britain | Alan Posenor
You’re right there, the “artificial federation” of the UK certainly isn’t going to survive Brexit
Why would Corbyn become unelectable if he agreed to a PV - it would give him a 10 - 20 point lead over the Tories. Labour is neck-&amp;-neck with the worst Tory government ever, in the polls now, because Corbyn is sitting on the fence over Brexit and the country is now for "Remain"
Tuairm:
Welp, this is where I'm at. #Brexit #UKpolitics #TheresaMay #corbyn #NoDealBrexit #animation
You obnoxious idiot Brexit is now 'the will of the dead people'. #RevokeA50 #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit
There are a lot of young people coming out in favour of Brexit after witnessing this country being humiliated by the EU in the last 2.5 years. It is not a foregone conclusion that all the new voters will be Remainers.
So by same logic they are willing to risk no Brexit?
What do our European neighbours think of us? Complete confusion over our rational, pragmatic reputation. #Brexit #BrexitVote
The frustration is understandable. But, respectfully, I disagree with the idea that Brexit can be separated from party politics. Lest we forget, the referendum's origin is in an inter-Tory political struggle. Brexit doesn't exist above politics, it's a product of it.
May will stick to Brexit 'principles' in cross-party talks, says No 10 Then what is the point FFS!
I liked a video How the UK will get through brexit
Currencies: Dollar, major currencies stable as shutdown, Brexit and muted European data scrutinized
#Thursdaythoughts #Brexit We need a #PeoplesVote
It is impossible to renegotiate a deal before 29th of March, so if a no deal is taken off the table and May’s deal can’t pass, then surely what this bozo is really saying is he wants Brexit taken off the table. #BrexitBetrayal #JeremyCorbyn #brexit #TheresaMay #LeaveMeansLeave
Theresa May rejects a No Deal scenario as she knows it's Economic Suicide, a cross-party soft Brexit passes through Parliament, the UK leaves in a compliant and friendly manner in March, and the Tory Party splits in two, never to be elected to power ever again. Happy Days.
Currencies: Dollar, major currencies stable as shutdown, Brexit and muted European data scrutinized
The most articulate way to list options that Britain has for #Brexit. If you cannot renegotiate the deal, we either have a hard brexit or stay in #EU. Staying in EU and making changes from within is the best way forward.
The starting point for any talks to break the Brexit deadlock must be to rule out a disastrous No Deal outcome. Jeremy Corbyn's letter to Theresa May
Money was forwarded to DUP as part of Leave campaign to run a Brexit ad in Metro newspaper in England in clear breach of EC rules so it is directly related to Brexit.
ANOTHER BREXIT DISASTER Motorists will need an insurance 'green card' to drive across the border shows how disastrous a no deal Brexit scenario would be for the north. #unityref #Right2Decide
Dover was chosen as the Brexit frontline for a poster campaign.
‘... the British political class has offered to the world an astounding spectacle of mendacious, intellectually limited hustlers.’
Well there are two ways to take No Deal off the table: 1. Get a deal through Parliament 2. Revoke article 50 and sack Brexit off altogether Those are the only possible, legal options. Which does Corbyn want May to choose today?
It was a pretty narrow win for May, it only needs a few to change - and some might be persuaded if there’s no other way out depending on what changes. If no deal likely remainers might, if no brexit likely brexiteers might.
#Brexit is now "The Will of DEAD People", . On Saturday the UK turns remain. Parliament must force a second referendum | Polly Toynbee
Yes we do! You wouldn't want the politicians to implement a policy that doesn't have the majority backing of the public, would you? Opinion polls show the majority no longer want Brexit, yet the politicians still want to drive the bus over the cliff edge... ;-)
Question. 17.2 million people voted for #brexit. when it fails and we don't leave what percentage of those 17.2m will be violent enough to burn #london to the ground.
France triggers €50m contingency plan in case of no-deal Brexit #BusinessNews
Interesting read:
Brexit means seeing the right people upset. Absolute lip wobbling limp wristed wet blankets hell bent on overturning a result they lost by calling everyone who voted leave racist, xenophobic, hateful, bigots in the hope to win their support. Brexit means glorious remain tears.
there could still be one called earlier. just after the lemmings have taken us over the edge of Brexit Cliffs, why? because after they have made the mess they wont want to be taking the flack for the aftermath...
Brexit...
Project is now officially mothballed. We have 11 years to replace our outgoing reactors, or find another way to produce up to 1/5 of our electricity.
That’s not Brexit
There's no IF about it so I don't understand why people keep using that narrative. #Brexit
"My deal delivers the Brexit people voted for, a country that works for everyone, a fairer Britain" But Mrs May we voted leave, not for a deal "My deal delivers a country that works for everyone, delivers, stronger together delivers, everyone, fairer" NURSE PLEASE COME QUICKLY
If Russia influenced the Brexit referendum, why not have a new vote?
Don’t rely on Germany to solve Brexit, it doesn’t need to help Britain | Alan Posenor
A lot of food for thought from #mspartnersummit yesterday. Focus on skills development, partnering and collaboration, and the importance of trust &amp; ethics in #CloudComputing. A positive distraction from the Brexit noise anyway!
I'm just wondering will she and her family be allowed to stay in the UK after Brexit?or do they face a windrush type deportation back to Germany and Greece?
All they want is a fake Brexit. So anything that moves away from the real thing is ok by them.
A paragon of oxymorons! I am sure Nigel Farage can handle it in his usual fashion. Remainers kind of remind you of Liberals (Dems.)
But James’ sat nav only says ‘Turn Right into dead-end’. Sums up Tory Brexit
Important! Even if stats bring you out in a sweat, cast an eye over these. They prove how disastrous Brexit - especially without a deal - will be.
You can't give contradicting messages to two groups of people, one being told we'd leave all the EU institutions and the other reassured that nobody is threatening our place in the Single Market, then give them both what they deem to be an acceptable Brexit.
Well, in that case, I only have one red line. Exit Brexit. Everything else can be considered, so long as it conforms to that single red line.
Ugh can my wife Pam just walk into the shower and discover this has all been a dream now please #Brexit
Going by the media coverage of the speeches on the debate on the motion of no confidence, the two leaders slugging out a GE should be Michael Gove and Tom Watson. #Brexit #PeoplesVote #r4today #FBPE #c4news #alloutpolitics #BREAKING #MotionofNoConfidence
Brexit means seeing the right people upset. Absolute lip wobbling limp wristed wet blankets hell bent on overturning a result they lost by calling everyone who voted leave racist, xenophobic, hateful, bigots in the hope to win their support. Brexit means glorious remain tears.
Brexit: An ‘escape room’ with no escape - - Via - "...the EU says the deal cannot be renegotiated before the March 29 deadline."
Fridges, planes and soldiers: How the UK is preparing for a no-deal Brexit – CNBC
Second Brexit referendum 'now an option' as calls for a new vote get louder
How do we prepare for Brexit when so much is undecided?
How do we prepare for Brexit when so much is undecided?
Gloom shrouds UK housing market outlook as Brexit nears
Sums her up perfectly
Ok I accept that philosophers &amp; grammarians talk incessantly abt tables, bc they need an example &amp; they just look in front of them. Can I be sure that this table, on the table, under the table, fine. But does brexit really always need to be a story abt what's On or Off The Table
Brexit: MPs to debate and vote on Brexit ‘plan B’ choices on Tuesday 29 January – Politics stay | Politics
Millions of EU citizens can't access personal records, high court told
IATA calls for clarity as Brexit flight cap looms
In truth you need to look at the real reasons for this, not the propaganda being spread by the company. Poor management decisions based around over reliaince on diesel, poor design and sales of key products (XF, XE), failed currency speculation etc. Not Brexit.
Wow even Boris Johnson, a hardcore Brexiteer, admits the uncertain limbo this whole Brexit mess has put the EU nationals currently living in the UK.
#Brexit illustrates a countries democratc right to leave an organisation if a referendum has indicated through a majority that it wishes to do so. A referendum for the UK public about the future of the UK, not to ask the question how will Ireland or the EU deal with the aftermath
No, I definitely hear that. I just think an ardent Brexiteer asking someone to take no deal off the table is a bit disingenuous because you can't take that off the table without putting no Brexit in its place
That’s Brexit right there
Just keep doing the poll until you get the results you want #Brexit
It’s time for a wto brexit
The Malign Incompetence of the British Ruling Class With Brexit, the chumocrats who drew borders from India to Ireland are getting a taste of their own medicine. By PANKAJ MISHRA from NYT Sunday Review
No Deal/WTO is terrible. Pretty sure than the prosperity and success of the whole of the UK is more important to the population than any delusions that Democracy is being somehow compromised.
It was always a big weakness Brexit done by a Remainer then add #OlleyRobbins into the mix a Remain civil servant With 1st and 2nd choice Brexit secretaries sidelined before resignation obvious really
And who supports her brother in People’s Vote. Get rid of Remainers in Cabinet get in people who believe in Brexit.
Wealthy #Europeans call in movers as Brexit cliff edge looms - Luxembourg Times #wealthTax #news
Don't give up. They are counting on Brexit fatigue but we must fight the last few rounds.
That's great Kate and of course understand with the interesting times we are in! Also I noted the call for use of citizens assemblies by your colleagues yesterday re Brexit. Are you supporting this?
Corbyn policy now is to be obstructive as he sees political capital in possible chaos after No Deal exit&gt;reality is 'Corbyn wants a No Deal'
in any event that is irrelevant to the present debate and issues of Customs Union. You are just trying to raise a completely separate issue because you've got no answer to my points about Corbyn's position on Brexit
maybe you should handle Brexit?
I’d back a General Election tomorrow, but only on the basis of those that got us into this Brexit mess being barred from standing for re-election. Oh, and STV as the electoral method, binning FPTP...
Corbyn the terrorist supporter playing party politics with all our futures. Someone give that excuse of a man a dummy.
There needs to be a separate cross party cabinet to manage the social agenda until this BREXIT business is sorted GE, or whateveraboutary. Alternatively use UC to get the Tories out.
There's a list of EU funded projects in Cornwall here:
Reservoir Brexit
Tell MPs: work cross-party to fix Brexit. Add your name now via
For #Brexiteers who are critisizing France: You are not worth to smell old frenchman's farts, is that clear? #Brexit
hilarious....
While many people were distracted by Brexit at Westminster, another consequence of Welfare Reform slipped out regarding Pension Credits which could impact on some couples to the extent £12000 per year.... and barely a word about it.
French Government Activates Plan For No-Deal Brexit
So by voting for Brexit we have taken away our ability to vote for “unelected bureaucrats”?
Do you know when, after a dinner with friends, at midnight, your friends say goodbye, put their coat, you accompany them to the door... but then you all stay at the door talking for another hour? I call that "pulling a brexit."
good luck girl.
Amongst the exhausting talk about #Brexit.... Read this and see there is still good in the world. And in my favourite London Borough #Newham
the empire is coming back to eat its children. Or so. #brexit is one educational experience....
Airbus Preparing for ‘Worst’ Brexit Outcome
Well there's a point isn't there? Do tell us while your here about Doctor Kelly Tony,your holiness, Mr Blair, wouldn't you?
Lord Empey: Dublin has failed to work with London on Brexit and is over reaching, as it has done in the past
#brexit this just shows how sick and deranged remainers are How can anyone stoop so low
Brexit is the worst of British - and I haven’t had a good opinion of England for a long time.
They will vote with May in any future voted of confidence. They are still Tory! Could not care less about brexit. It's all about enabling the Tories by trying to dilute the Labour support!
If the MPs fail to deliver #Brexit it will become legitimate for the people to seize The Houses and take control of the Nation under the Queen
French Government Activates Plan For No-Deal Brexit
Lord Empey: Dublin has failed to work with London on Brexit and is over reaching, as it has done in the past...
What planet are you on with mess of brexit independence would cause another knock on economy leave us alone
Time for Labour leave to stand up for what people voted for - leave the EU, leave the Customs Union, leave the Single Market! #redlines
What are you talking about?
Keep calm . Firm hand on the tiller. Keep to the Brexit plan The Tories are in a critical existential crisis... /\/\/\/\/\/\/\____________
This is totally down to brexit.
"It is a measure of English Brexiteers’ political acumen that they were initially oblivious to the volatile Irish question and contemptuous of the Scottish one." Britain's "bumbling chumocrats" laid bare. #Brexit
Yes please! We have been #inLimbo for 937 days and urgently need legal certainty. #RescueOurRights
and not getting the media coverage it should be getting pushed out by #Brexit
their alternate plan for Brexit is '' no Brexit''
Drone tanks will perform better, same influence, less risk..... #brexit
That's ridiculous - the EU leaders have since the creation of the agreement May got to take back, that it's the only deal available. May can't change that. You have the choice between a no-deal brexit or a new vote about remaining in the EU.
Government has utterly failed to deliver brexit solution. We need to delay A50 to avoid no-deal: would be catastrophic. Then cross party talks to find way forward. If that fails, need all opp parties to group together &amp; support clear "Remain" policy &amp; fight GE as broad coalition.
Brexit: Most talked about political event in British history
Interesting argument...
Brexit means a referendum bought by dark forces and dark money
Hard Brexit may well split the party too with the sensible tendency leaving. May has to decide what kind of party she wants to have left. UKIPy gammon and Ayn Randian extremists or one-nation types. Difficult to see another outcome.
Pankaj Mishra om Brexit og den britiske eliten før og nå: “As partition comes home ... ordinary British people stand to suffer from the untreatable exit wounds once inflicted by Britain’s bumbling chumocrats on millions of Asians and Africans.”
Great proposal from on how to overcome the #BrexitShambles
I’ve never had Speaker Envy before.
#Brexit the gift that keeps giving&gt;&gt;&gt;BBC News - Housing market outlook worst 'for 20 years'
If you want to see a play for our times, look no further than #AnEnemyofthePeople, Written in 1880s, adapted in 1950s, and chillingly relevant to what’s happening in the USA right now, and in the UK with #Brexit. A stark message about the politics of the mob
Support for a #PeoplesVote is building both inside and outside Parliament. #RevokeA50
"Go on, tell us, what did the citizens' assembly decide?" *Deep sigh* "They've voted to dig a huge ditch between Northern Ireland and the Republic, blow up the Severn Crossings, and name Spencer Matthews from made in Chelsea Prime Minister."
She cannot be let off the hook by opposition parties here. The pressure needs to be kept on her to come clean and face the consequences. She’s using Brexit as a smokescreen
Watching Politics Live today I felt really sorry for Lucy Harris surrounded by four Remainers. The BBC is really strengthening their bias against #brexit. I am currently building an iron gag for Chuka Umunna.. Well done to Lucy who kept reminding the panel about the 17.4m
First-time buyers shrug off Brexit saga in Britain via
The Brexit vote is proof of what happens when the people speak to there representatives and demand to be heard. thinks the majority is not why we voted for Trump. She is mistaken, that is how our country was made. It was the majority that wanted change and they voted.
Belated New Years promise: I think I'm going to shut up about politics for the most part. Brexit is a mess, but as a long since expatriated citizen that also holds an EU passport, it's not my mess.
I don’t care whether you are a Brexiteer or a Remoaner. This is just an example of how badly served we are by politicians who enter office with no plan, no principals and no idea. Democracy is damaged beyond repair in this country and we all deserve and should demand better.
can you please do the honourable thing and tell people the truth...
At the minute, does it really matter? Politicians should be trying to sort out Brexit, not calling each other out over something we all know about that happened 30/40 years ago. Can we leave the mud slinging until the GE ?
Seems reasonable to me
Extending Article 50 may mean Britain must elect MEPs again Giving back control CRITICS OF Theresa May often attack the prime minister for invoking Article 50, beginning the Brexit process, before her government had decided the form of exit it wanted. …
: Here's three minutes light relief from Brexit, the new single from . Along with news of a new album, and show
A seismic defeat throws Brexit plans into chaos PARLIAMENT SQUARE was like a circus, with flags, music and a boisterous medley of quarrelling Leavers and Remainers. Inside the House of Commons the mood was more portentous, with MPs talking up their hist…
They have nothing to say about what a relationship would look like post Brexit. That’s why there is nothing to talk about. A referendum isn’t an offer of a vision of life post Brexit or relationship with the EU. Ruling out no-deal isn’t either. Nothing to offer but grievance.
Not a big fan of nuclear power but fuck Brexit!
he's just desperately deflecting from Brexit, nothing else he can do, if he pursues any other line Nicola will eviscerate him
Worth a watch
Ha Ha the fall out from the Gammons Brexit and shoddy handling by HM government has now impacted on the future energy plans for our feckless nation -Hitachi pulls out - still much like Brexit won’t affect the Gammons or Coffin Dodgers , this will affect our younger generation
I see that disgraceful individual Tony "war criminal" Blair is in the thick of it.
When you have to pretend you want to engage, by inserting an impossible condition to commence talks. No deal is the default position. It can't be ruled out. Avoiding no deal is the literal point of having talks.
These two idiot party "leaders" will take us over the cliff of No Deal because of their equally dire intellectual limitations and ideological rigidity. Corbyn just doesn't care about Brexit because his pipe dream of getting to No. 10 more important.
You sorta made my point though. There was clearly in issue with the definion of what Brexit entails, which is obvious if one looks at the public discourse over the past 2 years.
Are we surprised?
Yet again we have a MP in Smith, who's constituency voted to leave by 66%, ignoring there vote, and Politicians wonder why they cant get Brexit through Parliament
So WHY would Corbyn as her opposition sit down &amp; negotiate that option with her when he (and many other political commentators &amp; informed members of the public) fully believes that it should not even be an option for Brexit. He’s forcing her to explore seminal alternatives.
The vote on Brexit was about Brexit, nothing more. Imbecile.
application is too high for us to afford. You can imagine how it feels to hear May gloating over &amp; over again about stopping FoM. How it feels to have brexiters tell me we should just leave our home &amp; go &amp; live in another country if we don't like brexit. How it feels to have
So there will be no extension to Article 50 and instead she will run down the clock to force her deal through? It’s now May’s deal which everyone hates or jumping off a cliff with no parachute. #may #mess #brexit
Like you Razzy the 1975 ref was my first vote(18) and I stupidly believed the Remain lies and voted to stay. I didn't fall for it a 2nd time though, 2016 was all Leave. I voted for #Brexit together with 17.4m others who also refused to believe EU and Remain lies.#managednodeal
in someone else's position. They don't care about the negative effects of brexit on themselves or their own families, why would they care about anyone else? I don't sleep. I have flare-ups of my RRMS (known to be linked to stress). I cry every. single. day. And the politicians
eg. For the last 3 years an awful lot of people have been reactionary towards brexit and remain. Look how well that has turned out.
Looking at the sh!tshow in Britain with #Brexit, why the f*ck would voters in Canada even consider giving and the , a populist party, the keys to our country? He was pro-brexit before it was cool? He's doesn't have a f*cking clue! #cdnpoli #CPC
. Opining.
His opinion doesn’t count for much! “I think if the Prime Minister’s Brexit plan doesn’t get through Parliament I think it’s quite difficult to see how the Prime Minister could continue. Because she has staked her credibility...” 12/11/18 Read more at:
the brexit talks are going in circles, over and over again
In a lot of jobs, leave is subject to the needs of your employer and can be cancelled if need be. Why are MPs different? Cancelling the Feb recess would give an extra 6 days for the Brexit process
Britain deserves better than this Brexit mess
Has anyone asked the Eu if we can basically do all the economic stuff but we refuse to have an open boarder. That way we could create a soft visa system that would allow what we need migrant wise but stem the flow? Wouldn’t that appease most brexit and remainers?
Exactly. Who wants to be responsible for No-Deal Brexit. Except for the minority ERG in her own Party, no one.
Osborne’s comments on the economy in the last two days of the campaign were plainly ridiculous. They do, however, largely hold-up, in the event of a no-deal Brexit. UK manufacturing &amp; agriculture would be decimated, and the impact on food supplies doesn’t bear thinking about.
MOD announces that Army reservists will be called up to reinforce regular units in event of ‘No Deal’ #Brexit Ministerial statement says “A particularly important role may be the planned reinforcement of Regional Points of Command, to enable their 24/7 operation and resilience.”
"Brexiteers like the feeling that they have been betrayed by the political establishment. Well, I'm sorry, but you have not been betrayed." "Leave meant Leave. A deal has been negotiated that would allow us to leave in two months' time and it's you...that defeated it."
Well put.
Oh that makes it ok then. A. There are facts around trade many dont seem to want to know B. We have already had costs hit us due to brexit C. Anyone can lookup WTO &amp; EU and make their own minds up The WTO The EU
We're all going mad trying to think of metaphors - 'ball in the basket' is a good one - but it's so simple it shouldn't be necessary! Reality is that the only way to guarantee the avoidance of 'no deal' is 'no Brexit' (which Corbyn doesn't actually want!)
Furthermore, having opened the decision to the widest possible electorate, the Govt canvasses the views of a very small number (possibly only 1, Theresa May, with the Brexit minister being that only in name) when it comes to negotiating the deal with the EU
Can't agree more Chris; more inclusive recruitment is something we consistently advocate, e.g. in our Preparing for Brexit #WorkforcePlanning guide:
Oh that's disgusting but this isn't? "I created this site now that a no deal Brexit has become a real possibility. I'm an expat who has been living and working in Germany for seven years.
I understand the Tory reluctance to end Brexit. Scotland is in a unique position. Declare a new indyref for us FM. Now is the time.
Failed talks delivers a Brexit outcome some want. Does May prefer a recession to break up of the Tory Party? Maybe.
Have all the Italian wiseguys left the USA now? #WATO NOT #bbcWhatOh does #Brexit #ProjectFear
As Corbyn said today its a stunt to kick the can down the road heading inevitable for a no deal brexit EXACTLY what the ERG in the Tory party want...
Posted...
Brexit, Corbyn &amp; May all smell of political death. UK democracy is a rotting corpse. A citizen assembly wont help. We are entering a period of one-party misrule. The reaction against this will be violent and extreme. But ineffective. We just need better MPs across the board.
Who is really going to benefit from brexit, when the government is preparing for military action &amp; predicting food and medicine shortages? Is THIS the much hackneyed "will of the people" or should that be the willfulness of some people? I despair &amp; hope Scotland sees the light.
Europe is in no fit state to handle the risks of its own Brexit brinkmanship "Half the eurozone is either in recession or close "With the exception of the Dutch, the EU is not remotely prepared for a cliff-edge divorce in 10 weeks." via
Based on the silver-haired audiences attending Remain rallies, I would hazard a guess that one of the underlying assumptions is false. And based on the egg-on-their-face C4 News youth debate on Brexit, I also reckon so is the other.
Don't normally, but was just curious this time so here goes...... #10yrchallenge #10yrschallenge and I don't think I win, I miss my old style. #Brexit
We should be leaving. We shouldn't have to think of what it's voting for. Sadly, we're still in. There's a real risk of Brexit betrayal. Of a transitional period where we have to obey these and more laws. I wish I could agree it doesn't matter, but it's still happening to us.
Yup, and last year. Not next time. Can’t vote for a Brexit party.
A democratically generated &amp; approved policy, originated at conference by members. Consistently held and implemented while , #Tories, #media, &amp; #redtories whine #whataboutery.
Brexit vote: MPs must find a way to avoid ‘catastrophic’ no-deal outcome, business groups say. This is what Hammond met with them for directly after the vote. He wants to continue with all the scare tactics and anti-democracy propaganda. And, they say "I'm not a Nazi", not much!
This weirdo trying to tell us what to think when his country is burning LOL! #Brexit #LeaveMeansLeave #WTO
Harsh...
The latest El Tweetero! Thanks to #brexit #10yearschallenge
#Brexit 1000 crazy ways to ruin the future #may qualification is, she knows 1001 #eu renamed as #euwfngb #EuropeanUnion with funny neighbour #greatbritain #badenglishunionmember
Agriculture sector is going to be hit hard by Brexit so this could be a solution!
Wow. So many lukewarm takes on Brexit yesterday. Glad I wasn’t on here much.
Brexit. It's all about the maths. Canada plus, Norway minus, UK divided &amp; Confusion multiplied!
There is not much consensus building - I think is lying - wants her hard #Brexit - why are meeting w her - will they really vote with for #Brexit
Anyone care to tell me what the fuck is going on #Brexit #BrexitShambles
The EU has consistently said there is no further negotiation to be done, based on the Tory/Maybot's red lines - you seem to miss this for some reason. Unsure whether accidental or selective hearing? The red lines change, the Withdrawal Agreement can be amended. #Brexit #EU
People getting all hissy about Brexit. Maybe it had to happen like this so the other countries back down so we get a better result. I’ve every confidence it will be fine and we will prosper but everyone needs to work together not get in a strop over it.
BBC News - Brexit: Are we running out of time?
Mum's asking what I want for tea. But before I get into all that, she must rule out a no-tea scenario. We can't move forwards otherwise.
Perfectly logical and reasonable from Blair, but it will fall on deaf ears, because he's the worst possible advocate for virtually *any* course of action in British politics today.
An illustration of why nobody can credibly claim the referendum result wasn’t listened to or respected. Suppliers to public services (like me) felt this as soon as the referendum result was declared. points out the hit on colleagues &amp; clients in public services.
That is my worry as well. I think we have to wait till that issue is resolved one way or another. At the very least it would surely allow soft yessers to demur from supporting Independence. Not to mention it takes 'dragged out against our will' out of rthe equation.
That would still be preferable to no deal. Its also what a lot of remainers, myself included, laid out before the ref as a best-case scenario from Brexit.
Did u tell them how many kids died in Iraq war?
Same here, and I didn't vote in 2016. #Brexit is the only solution we have left for socialism to ever be.a possible reality.
Brexit means denialist go-fever groupthink.
UK : Brexit plan rejected, negotiations in shambles. US: Goverment has been shut down for 27 days over a wall. The rest of the world Rn:
I’ve said this so many times. She can’t just flick her fingers and say that. It’s not up to just her. It’s up to parlaiment and the eu. Side note. You not thought about why he’s fighting for a no deal brexit? Instead of fighting for no brexit at all?
Brexit has not happened so what you chatting about
“You can check out any time you like but you can never leave!” #HotelCalifornEU
Actually, that's called putting your country before politics; something the Tory scum don't know how to do!
Then there will be another referendum dumdum. No deal or no Brexit
explains #Brexit in less than 2 minutes.
78% of Labour voters now want the final say on Brexit, with more than 3/4 of Labour voters supporting it in EVERY region of Great Britain. See the full findings here:
Full support here Jeremy. Keep it up.
Jeremy Corbyn gets the date of May's historic Brexit defeat WRONG via
If you can deliver Brexit like delivered the referendum you’ll deserve your own private jet!
Your opinion doesn’t count for much! “I think if the Prime Minister’s Brexit plan doesn’t get through Parliament I think it’s quite difficult to see how the Prime Minister could continue. Because she has staked her credibility...” 12/11/18 Read more at:
I don't believe a single Leave voter would not prefer a fair, wide-ranging FTA over no deal. However if the choice is 'partial Brexit', 'no Brexit' or WTO terms, a heck of a lot of Leavers want the latter.
Macron nailing Brexit here. Seems it's so clear from the outside, yet not here!
Another interesting article from dear explaining is really happening behind the headlines
Graphic of Brexit #Yougov poll with Drop down menu to view breakdown by age/party support and more
No matter what rubbish the remoaner MPs or the MSM come out with, a No Deal Brexit is still the best option at the end of March to give us a stronger negotiating position. The problem is, those in Brussels dont believe we have the balls to do it. LETS SHOW THEM?
Brexit supporters are chasing 'imperial virility'. Hey, is that Toxic Masculinity? Gillette? Red Lobster? #LongLiveTestosterone
Brexit done right... maybe
They say Leave lie and cheat! How much did Remain spend on Brexit vote £28.359.066. " " " Leave " " " " £13.436.241.
As much as it's interesting to get the perspective of a Professor on Brexit, this piece by Kim Lane Scheppele is deeply problematic. Firstly the Welsh people were asked if we wanted the UK to leave, not whether we wanted to leave with England 1/
Developed international #stocks deeply out of favor. #Europe and #Japan equity #ETFs each set for eleventh outflow in past 12 months. #Brexit #markets #equities
What impact could a delayed #Brexit have on the #EuropeanParliament? Our explains. #BrexitVote
Brian Colgan of is on the Lean Productivity &amp; Continuous Improvement Main Stage at 2. Make your way over to hear about the #Brexit Loan Scheme. #IrishManufacturingExpo
Theresa May tries to turn screw on Corbyn after surviving no confidence vote
Brexit, they vote tory, they have FPTP, they think they are exceptional. Just a poor Scottish blokes view
So you know at work when no one is honest enough to say that this is pointless as the boss is a dictator, so you just arrange meetings instead... BBC News - Brexit: Theresa May meeting MPs 'to seek consensus'
How a Playwright Made Sense of 'Brexit'( - )
$DXY $EURUSD $GBPUSD $USDJPY: Currencies: Dollar, major currencies stable as shutdown, Brexit and muted European da…:
Today on the David Webb Show 9am-12pm Guest Hosts on #WilliamBar confirmation on his poll on socialism William Ogborn on #Brexit &amp; #Syria CALL IN 866-957-2874
Leadsom Outwits Bercow and Grieve on Brexit ‘Plan B’ (Guidofawkes)
1pm UK news: new Brexit vote, EU no-deal preparations, cross-party talks, Brexit options, Anglesey nuclear plant suspension, Nairobi terror attack arrests, David Duckenfield trial, flexitarian diet, housing market, moyamoya disease surgery, concussion diagnosis trial, weather
Well that would be a shame - but for all his bluster I’m sure he’d think again if it was a 2nd no confidence vote to get rid of a PM when its shown she’s hell bent on a “no deal” Brexit.
Brexit deal collapse keeps U.K. pharmas in limbo | BioPharma Dive
I couldn't agree more you are absolutely right. Stopping #Brexit is against democracy. Does this woman not have a brain?
Huawei, Brexit, Jack Bogle: CEO Daily for January 17, 2019
I am not sure leavers will accept Norway plus and will (rightly) see this as being rule takers not rule makers.
THIS. IS. MADNESS. We are not at war This will go down as one of the largest self-inflicted wounds any country has ever willingly foisted upon itself #Brexit
Disguised rule by the European Union is still rule by the European Union. I do not believe that has ever been sincere about restoring the independence (the liberty) of the United Kingdom.
Brexit delay 'reasonable', as May tries cross-party talks [ ]
Corporate lawyer who first coined the term ‘Brexit’ joins Platinum Chamber member and leading Midlands law firm, #Brexit #Lawyer #BlackCountry
No deal is really WTO deal! No divorce payment, free from the beastly EU and its tyranny. Free at last, free at last, great God almighty we are free at last! That is unless #Brexit is postponed till after Wimbledon, then a general election called as a second referendum...
Prime minister , how exactly do you hope your talks to be constructive if you listen with determination to be unswayed by what you hear? How exactly do you hope that others might be prepared to listen and be swayed by what you have to say?
This is a brilliant piece. We were always going to end up where we are (though that doesn't mean we can't wake up).
#Muslim #Brexit #AFD #London Muhammad's "Convenient Revelations"
Definitely not before March. She’s going to wait to see how this Brexit thing ends, if ir ever ends. She won’t push it before knowing how we leave.
Well they are the ones with most to leave. Maybe one of those kids will return in 20 years time and lead us to new partnership with Europe
Maybe that's a good thing. Blame the Tory's for the Brexit mess not Corbyn as that's what the Tory's want! So they won't take the blame.
I liked a video The Controlled Demolition of Brexit - #NewWorldNextWeek
No Jeremy because you &amp; Parliament put it on the table by voting to pass the withdrawel bill. #Brexit
Hogwash!!! There is nothing the EU can do for the UK. The UK needs to come to an agreement within the UK. Tell the EU they had their chance, now the people of the UK need to have their chance.
Scotland will be £1,600 worse off per person due to Tory Brexit deal via
lads, wouldn't want you to miss out. Obviously as a "brexit fan", I'm all over this...
has so far ruled out discussing: - a #PeoplesVote - extending #Article50 - taking #NoDeal off the table - a #customsunion ...so it begs the question - why did she bother opening cross-party talks if she isn't prepared to actually negotiate? #Brexit
The only discussions Tony Blair should be having in Europe is with his solicitor in the Hague.
BREXIT BOMBSHELL: Terrified EU to be forced into MAJOR CLIMBDOWN after May defeat
Portuguese Government announces as part of its no-deal #Brexit actions the creation of special channels for UK citizens at Faro and Funchal airports [article in Portuguese].
One element of a wider conspiracy - involving the most malign forces in national and international politics - to systematically unpick the institutions that have guaranteed our freedom, safety and values since the end of WWII. Brexit must be seen in this context to be understood.
Based on the silver-haired audiences attending Remain rallies, I would hazard a guess that one of the underlying assumptions is false. And based on the egg-on-their-face C4 News youth debate on Brexit, I also reckon so is the other.
Would that be the silent majority who own the news media including TV, newspapers and advertising? The silent majority like Yaxley-Lennon and Hatey Katie who constantly promote themselves and their fascist bile online? That "silent majority"? Review your stance - it's wrong!
Open managed fx: #clients #investors #hnwi #pensioners to #invest in our #forex #managed #accounts #cityofinvestment #uk #Brexit #Pakistan #Iran #UAE #Iraq #Qatar #Kuwait #Oman #Lebanon #Jordan #Yemen #Bahrain #Syria #SaudiArabia #Egypt #eth #btc
Spice up your life.
“In a grotesque irony, borders imposed in 1921 on Ireland, England’s first colony, have proved to be the biggest stumbling block for the English Brexiteers chasing imperial virility.”
The fact that the had a referendum in the first place as a vanity exercise by an egomaniac;was the 1st idiocy.That he was allowed to resign, before cleaning up the mess;was the 2nd.May not standing up and saying this is idiocy #Brexit will turn UK into a mendicant state;3rd
Brexit seen as Partition Part Deux is certainly a useful mnemonic. One key difference is that while the colonial exploits visited disaster abroad, the ill effects of this second partition will be borne primarily by the British themselves.
Post Brexit looting XV 15 that can strip a city centre in 15 mins Blend of chaos, power, reach, deception, coppers, lawyers &amp; gas 1 Genge 2 Thompson 3 Lee 4 Skelton 5 Dooley 6 Pocock 7 McCaw 8 Powell 9 Phillips 10 Spencer 11 Lomu 12 Basteraud 13 Conrad S 14 Shane 15 Robinson
What? For Brexit Minister?
The way we were - Memories of a border duty Garda, as hard Brexit looms
To quote Mrs Doyle, “Aw, go on, go on, go on...split the Party.”...as if it isn’t already. What is the point of Brexit, of ERG, of the miserable TINA obsessed Party?
What I think (as of just now, subject to change at the drop of a hat): Theresa May considers delivering Brexit a duty. But she considers keeping Corbyn out of Number 10 a scared obligation. When it comes down to it, she'll choose a second referendum over a General Election.
But independence wouldn't have happened immediately in 2014. There would have been a near two year transitional period which funnily enough coincided with the Brexit vote so they may have said "stay as you are in the EU"
Assuage the demented brexiters by effectively declaring martial law ! Brexit BRITAIN-what a f**king joke
Hmmmm..... let me think #BrexitShambles #BrexitChaos #GeneralElectionNow #jc4pm2019
Basically it suggests that punters think there is only a 1 in 6.2 chance, or 16% chance, of Brexit happening by the March 29 deadline.
I think this sums up the great speech by . Although with a more pro EU Labour leader we might not get brexit at all. So after the 29th of March!
Clearly you did. Labour and Conservatives both stood on Brexit Manifestos and got 85% of the vote. The Reminer Lib Dems only got 7%! Leave 2 Remain Nil!
The reason its GE is MPs of all parties have to appeal to both remain and leave voters Its the only way you will get an agreement that the commons will agree to (A Soft Brexit) I voted remain but don't thing you can now change the result of the plebisite because of liberal elite
What brexit option would be put in a #PeoplesVote if both Theresa May's crap deal&amp; #NoDealBrexit have already been ruled out by our Sovereign (Parliament)? Is there enough time for a PV anyway? Also,Executive are only ones who can action one? The PV makes no sense.
$USDJPY - Pound Strengthens To 3-day High Of 1.2924 Against Dollar Amid Brexit Talks
Over 800,000 people who voted Brexit are thought to have died since. On Saturday the will of the people *still alive* will change to Remain!
NEWS: Concerns Mount as Trade Repositories Face Brexit Split (Waters)($)
Dreaming of the days when con men just took a person's money. "Theresa May lost the #Brexit vote because Brexit was a lie"
Simple answer: no deal v the renegotiated deal, when we know what it is! Simple question: Why is May’s #Brexit pandering to the Far Right of her party? Because they are the majority? Brits want to leave- the Gov has duty to leave with as little destruction as possible! #deal
“Britain itself faces the prospect of partition if Brexit, a primarily English demand, is achieved and Scottish nationalists renew their call for independence.”
No, Jeremy. The starting point for any talks is to actually... talk. Not refuse to talk.
I liked a video May Suggests Brexit May Not Happen, as UK Elite Considers Ignoring the British People
As the Commons agreed to commence with Article 50 and if no alternative deal is voted for then the default position is 'No Deal' Brexit come March this year. No Deal possibility will concentrate EU minds to offer a better deal - quickly.
In the case of a no deal Brexit, I have no idea what will happen to myself or my family. I'm hoping this site will make some Leave voters rethink what impact this is having on the millions of UK citizens living abroad who had no say."
France is a grown-up republic with a grown-up president, a grown-up PM and a largely grown up electorate. In these respects it differs markedly from the UK. That's the result of a sustained and genuine effort at maintaining educational standards.
Thoughts ? It couldn't be, could it, that you are deliberately trying to manipulate how people think..?
you need lessons in courtesy and manners yourself love... Charmless nerk ain’tcha?! Your interview skills are rubbish; who did you shag to get that position?! News anchor eh, you must be joking... you’d sink the Titanic!
Brexit: MPs to debate and vote on Brexit 'plan B' options on Tuesday 29 January - Politics live
#PeoplesVote, #RemainandReform, #StopBrexitSaveBritain, #Remainer #Remainers, #Brexit On Saturday the UK turns #Remain. Parliament must force a second referendum #PeoplesVote #FinalSay
While we are all aware that #Brexit has a significant amount of scaremongering, _that_ kind of scaremongering is one step too far. So please stop.
Turns out it's NOT #AllCorbynsFault after all. Corbyn was right all along, as usual Hope 'Tory rebels' are finally understanding that Theresa May is taking us towards a no deal Brexit, the worst of all deals &amp; she must be defeated in a #VONC Now it's time for a GE #GTTO
It's crystal clear that May's Brexit deal is dead. Simply because the Tories can't budge on the customs union issue without it splitting their party. Which makes taking No-deal off the table even more imperative. Corbyn get's to the heart of it as usual.
Market for no deal Brexit up on Betfair. Yes trading at 8.0. Tempted.
As someone who travels across the border for college/placement everyday, my anxiety levels are getting higher because of this brexit chaos.
Surely Hammond's promise to businesses that no deal will be taken off the table is bigger news than Cornyn asking for the same thing? #Brexit #Hammond #Corbyn
Your #CraftSpirits, today. #brexit #bars
If Brexit is not delivered then democracy here in the UK dies.
“Moreover, Britain itself faces the prospect of partition if Brexit, a primarily English demand, is achieved and Scottish nationalists renew their call for independence.”
This week's #Brexit developments are within its expectations for "a challenging environment in the short to medium term”, says Laura Ashley's brand owner, and that its strategies remain intact
Brexit II: Brexit Harder
We’re gonna end up with a no deal brexit ... for what?
No! I think she was always going to betray brexit.
1/ a) According to what you wrote about Remainers, they are anti-Corbyn (particularly against Corbyn's stance on Brexit), not anti-Labour b) Corbynistas support Corbyn no matter his views on Brexit. c) Other Labour members (non cultists) want a Labour gov, not necessarily Corbyn
So when food prices go up after Brexit can I pay for my groceries with democracy? When fuel prices go up will democracy keep me warm and power my car? Will democracy control my blood pressure when medicines are in short supply?
It is. Like Germany in the 1930s. Similar but not the same. We get hard brexit. Shit hits fan. Far right take over
Hahahaha. You fall for it if you want to, but no, not remainers at all. If they told us what they really had planned for our country using the Brexit they engineered but claim never to have wanted theyd never get it. There'd be civil war, so by increments and stooges they scam us
News Analysis: Theresa May, Britain’s Lady of Perpetual Crisis - - LONDON — It’s Wednesday morning. Theresa May’s career is over, as a glance at the morning papers will confirm. Her Brexit deal, the product of two and a half years of agonizing negotia...
I listened carefully to the #Blair #Humphrys' #r4today interview this morning. As Voter for #Brexit, I found it rational and an overwhelming case for that #PeoplesVote. I expect a Chorus of Bair sneers. But his case remains an intelligent analysis.
Whether no-deal Brexit happens is not May's decision, or Hammond's. It is Parliament's decision. If Parl doesn't vote FOR something, no-deal Brexit will happen on March 29th by default. Nick Boles' amendment would replace default no-deal Brexit with default A50 revocation.
It was a leadership pitch
A globalist troll quotes from a globalist financial newspaper which churns out all sorts of nonsense re #Brexit. How original.
Corbyn Will Decide Fate of Brexit, Whether He Wants to or Not - - LONDON — Just minutes after Prime Minister Theresa May’s plan for leaving the European Union was resoundingly defeated on Tuesday night, the leader of the opposition Labour Party, Jerem...
Funny how Jezza will meet Sinn Féin-IRA, Hamas and Hezbollah without without preconditions but not May &lt;-
Why didn't they hold it in Ireland then.
BBC to screen ‘Jools Holland’s Countdown To Brexit’ on 29 March, featuring music and comedy from Snow Patrol, Razorlight, Paloma Faith, Emeli Sandé, Ruby Turner and Rowland Rivron
Jeremy Corbyn’s letter to PM Theresa May #Brexit #NoDealBrexit
The 17.4M voters looking forward to the #WTO #Brexit are being let down by #LibLabCon &amp; #Green but there is a party with an extensive common sense manifesto that is fighting hard for their stance so show your support for #UKIP
Brexit must be resolved. Corbyn favours Brexit. Lib Dems favour People’s Vote. Corbyn must get off fence. This seeks to force him to do so
Jeremy Corbyn has written a letter to Theresa May
The Theresa May Survival Guide #Brexit via
solved Brexit
Drivers take note&gt;&gt;&gt;BBC News - No-deal #Brexit warning for UK drivers
I think that you along with other unions mine included Aslef recommend it's members vote out in the Brexit vote.
Cue blaming #DeepStateCorruption for this sad event. #TrumpRussia #Mueller #WikiLeaks #TrumpRussianAsset #Brexit #PutinsPuppet
Jackson carlaw would avoid himself ifhe could!
Corbyn and his supporters have previously defended his decision to meet and engage in dialogue with individuals and groups that others have criticised. Ok. So why is he now refusing to engage in cross party process to help to solve this #Brexit mess?
This is one the finest threads I've seen on Twitter. If you're not from Ireland, or if you are from here but too young to remember The Troubles, this is really worth reading.
Bir oynatma listesine video ekledim: Is there a new way out of the Brexit labyrinth?
U.K. #experiences Brexit turmoil as Parliament rejects last-minute EU exit deal - Accounting Today #saveTax #news
#brexit #politicslive Gillian Keegan showing integrity, putting country first, and looking for a way forward. Putting Lucy Harris to shame. we get you have a platform to promote but it’s a new day #compromise
look at brexit 3 years for 0 switch 0 agility 0 *sorry* 0 eu switch 0 eu agility 0 eu *sorry* FACT UK have better treaty than most EU COUNTRY ATM so .. keep affd yellow spocket ? of course we spend 10 billions year in COPS ( not the green one we have military budget for that) ..
Who’s ready for the civil war lads let’s go
Explosive poll! Voters still want to leave EU and take back control via #Brexit
Similarities of Brexit to Partition - "chumocracy" to blame
I've criticised all parties for their Brexit positions, but this particular point is crystal clear to me--it is absolutely ridiculous for anyone to be expected to negotiate under the threat of no deal. On this one, Corbyn is unequivocally doing the right and responsible thing.
Everhough i like you Jeremy . More than 45 MPs voted #Brexit with or without deal as it is written in article 50. What changed?? Why are you doing this now?
The horrible logic of #brexit in parliament - there is no consensus on May's deal - there is no consensus on a #peoplesvote - there is no consensus on Norway plus - there is no consensus on a GE - there is consensus on no deal #NoDealBrexit
Totally agree. And personally, I support Brexit. Support freedom of speech, cut bureaucracy, taxes, nanny state, encourage personal and national responsibility.
The Brexitters have behaved like pantomime dames for years. Once this Brexit fiasco blew up they’ve gone into hysterics. Parris is right, it’s all theatre with them, they want Brexit but someone else can clean up their mess when the curtain comes down.
Come January 29th… we will finally know where stands… to whip or not, truth will be revealed. How much does Jeremy want a no deal? Day two of a no deal brexit - Jeremy is a fraud.
Less than an hour later was on the phone telling his business chums what they refused all day to tell parliament. Me: James : What ? Me: You're a dope.
C'mon this isn't brexit you know so why don't you renegotiate and #savedaredevil you'd make sooooo maaaaany fans happy and they'd reward u with money. Do the right thing.
Jeremy Corbyn’s goal is to stop No Deal. Your goal, we already know: to prop up the worst Tory government in history. If No Deal happens, it’s on everyone who failed to secure No Deal with Jeremy yesterday and those that fund/promote the astroturfing FBPE/People’s Vote.
Does Andrea Leadsom ever understand anything? Ridiculed every time she opens her mouth as cluelessly tries to spout ERG delusional rhetoric! The other day, I swear, she talked of a no deal WTO Brexit having a transition period!!!
This is the remain mob, they are responsible for the abuse received by old people since the referendum truly disgusting.
Price needn't worry about talking incessantly about Brexit any more, since he and his fellow Remoaners will be gone if they are successful in their undermining of UK democracy. The political landscape of the UK will be fundamentally altered.
My only hope for Brexit is that it does truly shake up British politics and people vote for parties they actually agree with their policies, not cos “they always vote that way” or “my parents voted them” or “I like that person”. I hope it means that other minor parties get
The deleted army tweet ( looks like Martial Law is next instead of Brexit for Britain!
It is. Brexit is not "creative destruction" to build a "utopia". It is a solution to the problems that a neoliberal trade bloc pose to starting the shift towards a more socialist economy. We won workers rights without the EU, and the EU hasn't ever defended them for us.
Well, she’s been slapping her constituents for the last two years soooo Labour's Emily Thornberry criticises second referendum campaigners for ‘slapping’ Jeremy Corbyn instead of fighting Brexit |
OK everyone has to stop worrying about Brexit and help rid me of this troublesome rat, this is a #crises
so, none of what is written here is true, right?
People don't care to hear about Brexit and parliament squabbling for the millionth time since 2016 anymore, more people watched the football cause it's a break, the news is tiring and depressing
Marketing spending growth hits wall at UK companies on Brexit fears #textiles
Shutdown, Brexit, Oscars: Your Wednesday Evening Briefing
Pound Strengthens To 3-day High Of 1.2924 Against Dollar Amid Brexit Talks #Forex #GBPUSD #GBP #USD
But neither side would be clear and honest about their view (seeking to keep as broad a range happy), so it would be yet another fudge. Brexit has broken politics.
No deal is the only brexit worth having. We need to thump the EU and thump it hard.
Losing jobs because of Brexit, the MNC's see the value in being in the bloc because of the trade barriers we are gonna cause ourselves by being out of the customs union? You can't blame a company for minimising running costs when thats essentially what Leavers want for the UK
So scrap Brexit and what the government decides after that is upto them? Jesus, where do they drag these empty headed idiots from. Her education seems to be the biggest disaster of all.
If he goes from considering a public vote on Brexit to actually demanding it, he will discover that the country will thank him for it. Over to you Jeremy Corbyn....
Bought a king size mattress. Forgot that I’d been using a double. Need to saw the foot board of my bed off to allow me to tuck my sheets in. You think Brexit is frustrating?
May will stick to Brexit 'principles' in cross-party talks, says No 10
My favourite thing so far about the Brexit drama is that "EU bureaucrats" are being blamed for May's defeat! At least I find solace in the knowledge that for once Greeks have real competition in the creating drama business!
What brexit option would be put in a 2nd ref #PeoplesVote if both Theresa May's crap deal&amp; #NoDealBrexit have already been ruled out by our Sovereign (Parliament)? Is there enough time for a PV anyway? Also,Executive are only ones who can action one? The PV makes no sense #GTTO
Macron calls fake news "Infox"
Calls for a #SecondBrexitReferendum grow as Theresa #May fights for a new deal. Political leaders from the Scottish National Party (SNP), Wales' Plaid Cymru, the Green party and Liberal Democrats are calling on Labour to join them in... via
Why did you choose to mislead the viewers Mary?
The only chance at #Brexit consensus: #BrexitVote #BrexitShambles #PeoplesVote #NoDeal #TheresaMay #JeremyCorbyn #Politics
Currencies: Dollar, major currencies stable as shutdown, Brexit and muted European data scrutinized: Many currencies are trading range bound around the unchanged mark early Thursday, as markets for the majors, such as the dollar, euro and… MARKETWATCH
Corbyn blasts May Brexit talks ‘stunt’, as activists applaud new referendum talk | Bailiwick Express UK
Patrick: with all that’s going on in this country labour and the tories don’t ask about brexit/ meanwhile Patrick asks about........ that’s right independence
Brexit: Theresa May meeting MPs 'to seek consensus' - BBC News
Brexit Update: City of London Prepares for Worst, Hopes for Best
Do you think you should concentrate on Brexit maybe?
NT David Hare Play at the Corby Savoy about an NHS doctor turned politician saving Corby Hospital #corby #labour #fiction and a good political break from #brexit looks good anyone interested?
Prime Minister in discussions with MPs over alternative Brexit deal | Bailiwick Express UK
It is unthinkable that this Government are allowing the country to drift perilously close to a devastating, no deal exit from the EU. #PeoplesVote #FBPE #LibDems #EU #BrexitChaos
The Hidden Opportunity Behind Brand Brexit How businesses can, and must,
A big mistake- beginning to wonder whose side this man is on.
watched padington 2 and now id like to purchase the two-tone lace up oxford shoe and plan for the heavy winter britain will inevitably plummet into which will cause everyone to resort to canibalism when the brexit apocalypse hits.
Not only do we have the unedifying spectacle of MPs squabbling amongst themselves - but our European allies are also being forced to spend millions on No Deal planning - when No Deal should have been ruled out months ago! #BrexitVote #PeoplesVoteNow
Hammond is the problem. His mindset here though is spread throughout the Establishment. They refused to negotiate. They are submissive to everything the EU demanded. He is sabotaging Brexit from within
How much do the Commission pay #Brexit hater Tony Blair to represent them?
#hardremain yeah, but that would mean upsetting offshore banking interests, #Brexit is about avoiding scrutiny of the estimated £50 trillion in offshore UK. Wave goodbye to the bankers/xxxxxxxc at your gigs.
To our own mortality. That's where Polly is rude and offensive. Her premise rests on wishing other people dead. If she'd said "By the time Brexit happens, I will be dead and well out of it", fair enough. We shall all die. But Polly is dancing on her contemporaries graves.
Well. This made me cry. Good on you,
Whatever your position on Brexit, it’s scary that the only acceptable option to a lot of folks is to overrule an election, showing a continued disdain for democracy.
Agree with this.
Oh god, that sounds like mad Anders in Vienna again. Is he still saying the UK can't do anything except a no deal Brexit or revoke Article 50?
How a second Brexit referendum might work
can someone tell the old woman in the big house in london to get on with it so i can order my lurpak #brexit #lurpak #vegan #veganuary
In my dream, Brexit goes away and Europe stays united, the American Shut down is over, McConnel, Pence, Nunes, Kushner, Trumps are in jail for treason, Lindsey Graham is ousted as a lying politician who was being blackmailed and the people of Russia rebel and oust Putin.
#Macron, #YellowVests protesters are coming. Run fi cover...lil Man. #RageAgainsttheMachine #Wakingtimes
You're absolutely right, Tony Blair has been talking sense on Brexit right from the beginning. In terms of optics, let's not forget that he introduced the minimum wage and improved education, his legacy isn't all about Iraq.
Millions of EU citizens can't access personal records, high court told More blinding incompetence from May's Tory government
Can we have a section on the bribery and how this has led to the UK being held hostage by a tyrannical tory government? Message for the ?God Fearing? DUP and the PM:~ Proverbs 17:23 A wicked man taketh a gift out of the bosom to pervert the ways of judgment.
“I might be present, but I won’t be taking part.”
At least you don't have Brexit to worry about.
I liked a video BREXIT storm deepens, as parliamentary coup may be forming against May and Corbyn
I refer the matter of the Citizen´s Assembly solving the Brexit crisis back to the good for adjudication:
Referendum 2 there will be 3 questions 1, a soft Brexit 2, a very soft Brexit 3, no Brexit we stay in the EU there every remoaner is happy every democratic voter of the 17.4 mil ignored, shame on you SHAME ON YOU
Well now you know better than all the UK’s top constitutional lawyers do you? No wonder Brexit is failing when its proponents are willing to come out with this sort of desperate bullshit.
Hurry up with Brexit u sket
Unit 1_ Brexit paralysed. Your country needs YOU
UK PM must 'ditch red lines' on Brexit: opposition leader via
please report this he already offered she declined
Agreed. But why does he think this is a helpful thing for either increasing LD seats won or avoiding Brexit (which, presumably, are his goals)?
A lot people have forged a career out of the process of Brexit and not all of them are right-wingers.
Tell MPs: work cross-party to fix Brexit. Add your name now via
Prime Minister Theresa May wants cross-party talks to resolve the Brexit crisis. Labour should use the draconian welfare reforms as a bargaining chip in return for cooperation and insist that George Osborne's ESA WRAG cuts be reversed immediately.
"No Deal" is appalling, no deal is appealing, no Brexit is calling, no-one is leaving
Please make sure you represent correct statistics during your reporting. We wouldn’t want to mislead the public into thinking the Brexit situation is worse than it is. There is enough scaremongering already!
Ok now this is REALLY looking like the US shutdown
clearly brexit is over more like
What about if brexit happens
at this point is brexit even still gonna continue or stop dragging that shit
BBC News - Brexit: Vote Leave broke electoral law, says Electoral Commission
I know that agreeing to an extension is the most sensible thing to do, but sticking to the March deadline would at least have the benefit of providing clarity. Less room for both Tory and Labour politicians to pretend there’s plenty of time to get a better deal.
While she celebrates, those of us who have lost Brexit voting relatives will take a different view and be confirmed in our opinion that many cases it is remainers that are the fanatical extremists
Dear . If any pro-Leave representative says that 'The People Voted for a No Deal Brexit', then please do your job and point out that this is a bare faced lie. You are letting them get away with their lie, time after time.
One can't imagine where all the personal hatred &amp; violence in public political discourse over Brexit has come from
The costs of a nuclear station are rising because there is a lot of imported kit and Sterling has suffered the Brexit devaluation. On the revenue side the price of a kwh is fixed in Sterling and cant be increased. My guess is simply the project is no longer profitable.
Teil von Merkels Agenda! Brexit news latest: 'Angela Merkel out to stop us getting good deal,' David Davis says Friday 28 September 2018
I heard a man say he has seen the Loch Ness monster before. #TrueStory #Brexit #IndyRef
Today MSM full of Lies saying is sabotaging brexit refusing to talk with PM. Here he is offering to do just that last year - she of course refused. More #ToryLies
Exhibit A: Nigel Dodds on last night - Exhibit B: Sammy Wilson writing in today's News Letter -
Yesterday all the #labour #mps were demanding a stubborn met with the idiot . Now he refuses to talk. Not an opposition party and not a leader. any comments?
Run away... A new brexit term has appeared... Red lines
Unclear about the Brexit chaos in Parliament? Here is a simple guide!
: 'it is now impossible to reconcile the Prime Minister’s attitude towards Scotland with her previous assertion that the UK should be an equal partnership of nations.' Scotland is being treated as a doormat, #ItsTime for Indy #Yes #ScotRef
May was dealt a bad hand but played it poorly. The vote of no confidence is only a house vote and she’ll still get backed as many Conservatives don’t want to risk losing a snap Election. Corbyn is an old socialist idiot who has no alternative Brexit just trying to bring Gov down
this is a true leader meeting the people of the UK. When are you meeting them cows next in the cow shed hidden away in a farmers field
Airports, customs, trade: Europe preps for a chaotic Brexit
'OF COURSE Corbyn should be talking to May': Tony Blair tears into Labour leader for refusing cross party talks invitation - and says if HE was PM he would already have delayed Brexit
Brexit in a nutshell
Hilarious moment two Welsh men get in a row over Brexit on TV
May 'open' to possible renegotiation of Brexit agreement
BREAKING NEWS: MPs to vote on #Brexit ‘Plan B’ on 29th January. Even though ‘Plan B’ has not even been announced yet.
What would a "Brexiteer" PM have done differently? Not denied fundamental human rights to the Windrush generation? Not, as home secretary, sent out vans targeted at “illegal” immigrants but which misled the public. Not pandered to White Hate by conflating race and immigration?
Apart from all other failings of she is incapable of influencing/inspiring/leading as she uses cabinet secretary to shout down who is abiding by Tory manifesto. Putting back Brexit will end her as May local elections will kill Tories #NoDealNoProblem
Dear : 1. Park the Withdrawal Agreement as is. 2. Negotiate the Trade Agreement within the context of the Withdrawal Agreement 3. Once agreed, make BOTH go live simultaneously thus achieving an orderly Brexit with no Backstop. 4. Aim to complete by March 2021.
If PM May knew about the breach of spending rules of the Vote Leave when triggering article 50, she needs to be accountable! But why did European MEPs insist a non-binding referendum 2 b implemented?
Your kidding yourself with this ridiculous rhetoric. Young people are not as pro remain as you would like to think. And the longer this process drags on, the more exposed we are to what these EU leaders are all about. Brexit support is growing. No Deal support is growing.
she is negotiating brexit. she can take a no deal brexit off the table. Corbyn is not pro-eu that is common knowledge
Which still doesn't change the fact that nobody in the Leave camp campaigned for a no deal Brexit in 2016, so you can't reasonably argue that no deal Brexit is what you wanted all along. Also, I'm still waiting for your suggestion of a fair deal.
and her brexit bill was just defeated by like more than 100 mps against it so no one knows whats going to happen in 74 days time when we leave lol
While you are confused and tired with votes and thoughts, let me offer something unique... Exclusive! Price: $786K miafere.com .com #ConfidenceVote #BrexitVote #Brexit
Brexit
UK: Londoners 'fearful' and 'worried' after defeat of May’s Brexit plan
And what poll is that? Perhaps an ice pole? And when will this announcement be made? You and your fellow travellers have been stringing Scots along with your Indy promises since 2014. #Yawn
He wants her to categorically say there will be not be a no deal brexit. I don't blame him either. There has been nothing but lies throughout this whole business!
Brexit means brexit Moffat
Any 18-25 year old supporters still holding out hope your Messiah is not Pro-Brexit? Can you all shout loudly for a #PeoplesVote and a #LabourLeadershipContest now please...
Well done, .
Still waiting for an answer....
It's like some weird cult of lunatics that haven't got 2 shreds of common sense to rub together #brexit
Tell that to &amp; they of the cloth ears and stubborn, C20 views - xenophobia &amp; bigotry. #FBPE #OFOC #PeoplesVote NOW. #RemainbowCoalition NOW
100% correct. Likewise most businesses actually. Fast Brexit is more important than the type of Brexit. Delay and uncertainty are investment killers.
Imperative listening . Thank you and
I have tweeted this before again today for the reasons shown below I wonder if May’s Brexit strategy has been masterful and that she has indeed played a blinder.
Looks like the only option #Labour has to positively influence the #Brexit stalemate is to call for a #SecondReferendum. To repeatedly call and lose confidence votes will be incredibly damaging. New ref call will show #Corbyn as decisive
McDonnell the key to a PV?
Brexit comments on Twitter are like football fans arguing about an off-side. Half of them are wrong and the other half don't understand the rules.
Who are the rightwing thugs who've been parading outside of Westminster slagging off everyone who isn't white, including a black copper? It's all here in the week #brexit went bonkers:
Another one driven insane by Brexit.
Not surprised whatsoever. Are you? Its clear that brexit will lead to even worse austerity and a worse environment in the UK
The ´Humble Address´ is a Parliamentary mechanism under which MPs can make their desires known directly to the Queen - and they could use it to #RevokeA50
Apart from all other failings of she is incapable of influencing/inspiring/leading as she uses cabinet secretary to shout down who is abiding by Tory manifesto. Putting back Brexit will end her as May local elections will kill Tories #NoDealNoProblem
So much for the sunny uplands of Brexit eh? Seems a little bit like 1940s rationing to me.
What brexit option would be put in a 2nd ref #PeoplesVote if both Theresa May's crap deal&amp; #NoDealBrexit have already been ruled out by our Sovereign (Parliament)? Is there enough time for a PV anyway? Also,Executive are only ones who can action one? The PV makes no sense #GTTO
This thread. Never has lunchtime reading been so fuckin hilariously, bleakly accurate.
We sadly it’s not otherwise May would never have presented such an EU stitch up to Parliament. Fingers crossed now it’s dead she will go back to original intent to deliver a real Brexit.
'Theresa May should have resigned after her crushing Brexit defeat – she has not served the national interest'
And that's their "specific, deliverable" and "exclusive or impossible" wish. To deny the validity of the Brexit Referendum is to deny the idea of democracy.
Question is, will do anything now to prevent utter disaster or will he let May run down the clock? Again.
Ministers tell May: Let MPs decide on Brexit or we'll quit
Whilst does not know what to do with #Brexit, and are carrying on their case against the Govt's immigration exemption in the Data Protection Act. you may welcome this news.
Ps. Yes it does.
Sadly true Party before country Power before people Me before us
This is what the remain voters think of us, they are logging our deaths , you couldn’t make it up , disgusting people ! #brexit
Ummm no, the citizens that voted for it are still here. Fucking loaf
"When partition comes home..." Great read by Panjak Mishra in the !
The UK has always been an independent coastal state - regardless of #Brexit. Yes, we've had international obligations but this has not influenced our status as an independent state - interesting point from this #fisheries and #brexit workshop
Please don’t leave us to our fate, help.
Illogical complaint, for 2 reasons: 1. Football on one channel, news on the other, everyone can choose. 2. Live events must be broadcast while they're happening, by definition. The news don't expire if you air them later. The Brexit mess is like rock 'n' roll, it's here to stay.
Gardiner is not a man I would on my side in a war......
UK to vote again on Brexit on Jan 29
Commentators are poisonous mental cases who hate Brexit though.
1. Dear tony - you are NOT the Prime Minister. 2. You should be in custody awaiting trial for war crimes. 3. Most people really don't lie you at all.
Government has utterly failed to deliver brexit solution. We need to delay A50 to avoid no-deal: would be catastrophic. Then cross party talks to find way forward. If that fails, need all opp parties to group together &amp; support clear "Remain" policy &amp; fight GE as broad coalition.
In a nutshell - the government cannot honour and deliver the Brexit referendum. It’s time for some brave politician to say “ sorry we can’t deliver so it’s off “
admittedly I was really confused about all this brexit stuff until I found this handy metaphor
Brexit: Theresa May meeting MPs 'to seek consensus'
“I might be present, but I won’t be involved.”
Because you can make a counter argument to just about anything, how do you decide which side is right? ~I Blogged on #Brexit and the limits of '#Democracy
May is determined to run down the clock and stop GE. All her pontificating, contempt of parliament etc endless delays. It’s got fck all to do with brexit. The cut off date for GE IS 29th jan.
If anyone knows for definite what will happen after brexit, could they foresee this weeks lottery numbers for me please?
Power to the people? It worked well when people where well informed. Now - compulsive screen gazers vegetating in online echo chambers gave us Brexit, Trump, antivaxxers, Flatearthers &amp; youtubers. Hopefully, if Lennon were alive today - he would have 'revisited' his masterpiece.
No more WAISTING TIME
#LabourParty #JeremyCorbyn #TheresaMay #Brexit Message to Theresa May, the media and general public. Stop hating JC for hate sake.
I've rented cars in EU/EEA with no trouble. And obviously people travel forwards and back IE/UK border (and have accidents) every day. Here's the same warning from the UK insurance industry:
refused to talk to other parties for 2.5 years. She is going through a ceremonial "talk" with a few MPs. Best to say to her, you dug your own grave. Now step aside. She could have said she is going to call for a #PeoplesVote, but then she is no leader. #Brexit
tell your friends. Not every leaver is onboard with brexit anymore even Farage couldn't get the result he hoped for in his poll in 2018
Good on you! We have some great people involved in AFB who voted #Remain who feel the same! We welcome respectful dialogue with ALL- especially arts workers- and we're looking to have an exhibition of people of all positions soon; please email us via our website if interested.
Another #brexit vote ffs
On the plus side, the yellow-vested idiots would at least get to see “are troupe’s” they fetishise so much up close...
325 of 631 = 52% 306 of 631 = 48% #Brexit #justsayin
Can someone please explain to these Supercilious Fools! just voted against the #EU Withdrawal deal that means there is no deal! sta… #Brexit #Brainless #UK
Theresa May: my Brexit deal was rejected, &amp; I've heard what you say. It is time to put aside self-interest, &amp; to discuss cross-party how to take the country forward*. *Offer does not include changing any part of the deal I already agreed. #wato #r4today #newsnight #bbcaq
Don’t let anyone be fooled by May’s desire for a hardcore Brexit-please stop feeling sorry for her-she did not have to run for PM
Obviously the EU is diminished by Brexit. It loses a lot of people, a significant chunk of their small budget, an influential leader. The 27 lose trade - how much, depending on how bad the Brexit is. Ireland suffers worst, possibly nearly as much as the UK. #wato
Bunny-hopping #Brexit #AusOpen
Phillip Hammond tells business chiefs MPs 'will stop no-deal Brexit', leaked recording shows - Evening Standard
I hope (my MP) will ask to support 's amendment calling for #PeoplesVote. If this Brexit malarkey is supposed to implement "the will of the prople" then surely it's right to check in with the people to see what they currently think?
I'm now scared.
Me lov dis
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn speaks at a rally in Hastings today following his rejection of Theresa May's offer of cross party talks to resolve Brexit divisions. Pictures by Times Photographer Jack Hill ( ) Read more here :
So bored of all this Brexit shit. We shouldn’t be fighting to become independent we should be working together to help save the world.
No-deal #Brexit looks more likely than ever. Leaving the #EU without a deal would be disastrous for our #environment. Join me and sign petition urging party leaders to rule out a dirty no-deal Brexit.
Tell MPs: work cross-party to fix Brexit. Add your name now via
#Brexit question, which is the biggest threat to Farmers. Brexit or the latest #scientific research / #vegan diet ?
#wato referendum simple: grade these options in order of preference, remain, accept current deal, exit with no deal. Remain has 2 be more than 50% 1st choice to overturn brexit. Mp’s can’t decide so up to us to have the final say, that IS DEMOCRACY!
effectively killed Brexit the day he knifed Boris.
The latest The Judge Media Report! #hr #brexit
France triggers €50m contingency plan in case of no-deal Brexit | World news | The Guardian
Double shifts ? #BrexitDividend ----- British army reservists called up to help prepare for no-deal Brexit
The same as she says 80% voted for a brexit supporting party stating that people want her to continue.
sadly it’s not otherwise May would never have presented such an EU stitch up to Parliament. Fingers crossed now it’s dead she will go back to original intent to deliver a real Brexit.
Great advice from a guy who's capital was on fire for a month
Having the two most pig headed party leaders for a generation is going to see us all in the bin #Brexit
Does Armando Iannucci write Bercow's dialogue? Because this is brilliant.
Farewell #SeaborneFreight you were sailing. Now you’re not. Hope you haven’t spent the £14 million
Maybe he meant he couldn’t/wouldn’t come out and back Brexit, if so, for once Merson is on the money
I thought his suggestion that the EU change stance on issues that drove Brexit but now concern all EU countries was excellent. No need to leave, just reform.
I'm beginning to see a glimmer of light in the Brexit tunnel, well done Michael Gove.
Has anyone questioned why a no deal #Brexit would cause business misery to German Businesses? It implies that we only buy German products because the EU's CU/SM force us down that route or outside the EU their non EU competitors would be preferred?
P&amp;G Warns On Brexit Price Rises; Tesco Renting Frozen Food Containers
While you are confused and tired with votes and thoughts, let me offer something unique... Exclusive! Price: $786K miafere.com .com #ConfidenceVote #BrexitVote #brexit #BBB19 #YellowVests #macron #May #shutdown #UK #London #live #resultofbrexit #islam
Theresa May is not an idiot, to take off no deal is defacing democracy, the vote was stay in the EU, YES/NO so there are people who voted for no deal. Corbyn needs to get off his high horse... leader of the people, this has just shown him to be a petulant child #brexit
Often find Owen irritating (perhaps that's a sign of a good journalist?) but this is a very sensible contribution
"As Theresa May’s fate is laid bare, the wizard’s curtain behind which Jeremy Corbyn has hidden for so long is being pulled back in agonising slow motion. There’s nothing there. Just staccato anger, abstract nouns and absolutely no idea what to do" Brilliant stuff from
Theresa May's government survives a no-confidence vote after its crushing Brexit defeat
It's crystal clear that May's Brexit deal is dead. Simply because the Tories can't budge on the customs union issue without it splitting their party. Which makes taking No-deal off the table even more imperative. Corbyn gets to the heart of it as usual.
Brexit is definitely big news down under but were looking through a diff lense- and to b fair there’s no comparison really to the EU coz we aren’t land-locked among other things.....
The latest The pregnancy, yoga, health Daily! Thanks to #brexit #berlin
The Government, defeated by the biggest vote against them in almost 100 years. So what now for #Brexit? Our political programme, 'The Last Word', is online.
Yes, and the reason why is that real debate was never possible. One side wants to overturn Brexit, the other enact it. It is as if I want to take the train from London to York and you want to dismantle the train. What is the compromise? You dismantle the train en route to York?
May battles to keep Brexit on track after no-confidence win
According to a new YouGov poll, most now want to #REMAIN ! 56% of voters would choose Remain if given the chance in a fresh referendum.
One of the worst prime ministers with May caused havoc and divided the British people stupid Brexit. We need people’s vote to stop this insanity. #PeoplesVote #FBPE
If May is to get a deal through parliament, it is overwhelmingly more likely to be a softer Brexit which appeases the Soubrys, Clarkes and most Labour MPs than it is one to appease the ERG
Billboard campaign reminds voters of MPs' Brexit promises
Well the myth that a '#PeoplesVote' was about '#democracy' has been blown out of the water as has told that the dice should be stacked &amp; #Brexit supporters can't vote for #NoDeal, which for some is seen as 'true #Brexit'. #EU.
With you on that! Get the FA to renegotiate a #BrexitDeal and move on !
Where do I sign?
A government yes. Under no. For the many not the Jew.
What to Expect When You’re Expecting Brexit
The best game ever created (at least so far). And also thank you for not wanting to kick us all out of the UK ! My first real job opportunity was here, one year after I arrived Brexit was voted... That was heartbreaking. We should all work together towards a solution. Not split.
This is true...time for Corbyn and Labour to finally step up...
Indeed; there are a lot that turn up in the feeds of anti-Brexit politicians as well. Several of the bots have been following accounts that automatically follow back, such as celebrities, outright sex, certain political groups to build the no. of followers they show.
This is the toughest part of every divorce. #Brexit #texting #letsbefriends
We all know people who are a bit thick. Apparently you're having difficulty understanding that the natural question to ask next is "do you want May's deal (that being the only brexit option) or do you prefer instead to remain in the EU". Both options are _for_ a known quantity.
May battles to keep Brexit on track after no-confidence win (from )
there isn't one
I just worry this will lead to a failure to inform the best case Brexit that we need.
Actually heard people talking about the vote the other night in the pub in Stoke, was quite surprised, though guess it's Brexit central round here
Speech: The Natural Laws of Brexit
The news you may have missed this week because of Brexit - BBC News
It's the Labour leadership propping up the Government wasting time on votes they won't win. Come out against Brexit and /or a people's vote and then you'll get support.
"We need Brexit so we don't become a colony of the EU!" *proceeds to become a colony of China*
Why not go and meet her and tell her that? Instead of grandstanding for protest sake?
The Rudderless West
So there we have it. We're already at the point where a 2nd ref called today would happen only just before Brexit day, yet Corbyn will only support a call for one after one is no longer possible, and even then wouldn't support Remain. Prepare for a Labour collapse in the polls.
She is a complete NUTJOB!!
Reading all the accounts on both sides of brexit debate,looking inevitable 1)Article50 will need extend 2)most likely a #peoplesvote
May will stick to Brexit 'principles' in cross-party talks, says No 10
Don’t rely on Germany to solve Brexit, it doesn’t need to help Britain | Alan Posenor via
Box launches new UK zone ahead of Brexit #Cloud #CloudComputing #CloudServices #CTO #CIO #EnterpriseIT #DigitalTransformation itproportal
UK house sales outlook weakest on record as Brexit nears – RICS
Lisa will have done the ground work on this proposal so it will have merit
If we could take all the MPs who are using spurious arguments about Brexit, as a means to tear up the Good Friday Agreement, out of the equation, we wouldn't be having Brexit, at all!
Well put by Macron
Just like when the next General Election comes around. The British electorate will suffer amnesia again and forget how useless the Tories have been over Brexit and everything else - and vote them back in again!
Does Gillette have any advice on brexit? Afterall, it was a mostly clean shaven male white middle class project
Posted...
Can we borrow him to sort out Brexit?
No-deal Brexit could be ‘taken off the table’, chancellor Philip Hammond admits to business leaders. How can this obnoxious git assure them of this when over 17 million voted to leave and leave completely. There's no such thing as no deal, no deal = a WTO deal, the best deal.
Proof New Labour is undemocratic from both cretins Corbyn and Blair! 'OF COURSE Corbyn should be talking to May': Tony Blair tears into Labour leader for refusing cross party talks invitation - and says if HE was PM he would already have delayed Brexit
Islamic State want to go back in time to a mythical lost era. So do Jihadi Jacob Reese-Mogg &amp; his Tory Brexit Taliban. There is nothing 21st century or fit for the future about either of these demented movements.
Brexit: ‘No Deal’ Is Ideal #MAGA #Brexit #Spygate
Let us get something straight here. May's condition to talk is all options are open. Corbyn's condition is a no-deal Brexit should be withdrawn. Why should Corbyn talk to May when he knows it is a trap? #Brexit #PeoplesVote #Peston #FBPE #C4News #alloutpolitics
The Defence Minister has published a written parliamentary statement confirming that Army Reservists are being put on standby just in case of a no-deal Brexit Live updates:
Imagine the rhetoric that will come from full UK political spectrum against EU, in case EU refuses extension.Does EU really want to go there and start post Brexit UK EU relationship negotiations in that environment?It would also embolden populists all over EU against the harsh EU
His position doesn't mean we wouldn't vote to bring down the government (obviously if there is another confidence vote that is our likely move). To avoid Brexit we need a second ref or parliamentary revocation of A50. Either requires Labour support.
Spin spin spin spin. Anything except the divisions in the Tory party over Brexit. Even if that means smearing . Disgusting behaviour
Nationalist newspaper asks nationalist readership if there should be Indyref2. Response has nationalist politicians wetting their knickers in excitement.
She was warned
We never realised fully before Brexit how weak, spineless and visionless our politicians were... #LetsGoWTO #WTOBrexit
I would genuinely watch tbf
Hi so I've kind if switched off from most real news but hello cluster fuck brexit what like.
You arrogantly presume that no deal is not what people voted for. A negotiated deal is best, but also most good deals emanate from a position of strength. German press and even the French are starting to indicate anxiety about WTO exit. Perfect starting point - if only 2 yrs ago!
Perhaps we wouldn’t be in this mess if you started reporting things truthfully!
This video exposes the decision making process of and with regards to the #brexit process. Personally I am reassured by this behind the scenes glimpse into the mechanism of #government I urge you to view this.
May wields the no deal scenario like blackmail leverage. On the contrary, refusing to talk to her until she'll discuss ruling out no deal is reasonably proactive, considering most MPs want a deal or no brexit Corbyn won't have my support until he backs another referendum though
Why did no one tell me about this?
Dear Robert Peston, you have to remember Tories chief aim is not Brexit this or that, but to totally mash up a progressive Labour project by discrediting its leader. SNP, Greens &amp; Labour ALL saying 'no-deal' must come off the table....do see C Lucas, N Sturgeon today tweets.....
NEWS: Tánaiste confirms motorists will need "Green Card" to drive north after a "no deal" Brexit.
Brexit LIVE: 'Treacherous' Hammond's plot to WITHDRAW Art 50 and block no deal - REVEALED
100% behind
Putin is loving Brexit &amp; the fact that it is reducing the UK’s influence internationally &amp; creating disunity in Europe. Thank you Brexiteers - not! #PeoplesVote
Peter , I have just be listening to Chuka Umunna and he agrees with me that Corbyn should meet the PM to sort Brexit out with out preconditions
Emma is another remoaner parliament decided to leave with or without a deal when they triggered Article 50, well said Richard. #Brexit
True, it can change composition. But it might not. With SNP block, difficult to overcome NOC. IMO both parties will agree a common Brexit position: slightly different unicorn-based 'deals'. Still same 3 real Brexit options.
Further to Owen's story, the High Court gave permission for a challenge by &amp; to the lawfulness of new immigration rules that limit the rights of immigrants, including 3 million EU citizens in UK, from accessing their personal records.
Explain please. How is it not Brexit? Hundreds of countries throughout the world are in customs unions.
Yes, because people like me who have never marched or protested will now do so. #Brexit is suicide and I will protest against it
Well damned well do it then. Deliver an unadulterated Brexit.
Interesting article on damage No Deal would do to UK, especially meat farming industry.
Me too. Oh well, back to the half-baked Sea Org called Brexit.
Let me assure you I voted #labour at the last election and I live in a Lab marginal, but unless Lab pushes for a #peoplesvote with a #remain option they won't get my vote.
I think I've got cabin fever. Off work due to #MS (which #canfuckoff) and limited in what I can do. And the Brexit shitstorm just keeps getting shittier. Kinda bored.
If you want to see someone who truly loves their job, full props to Speaker John Bercow. I imagine corralling all of the disparate forces pro- and anti-Brexit is kind of like marshalling a bunch of unruly teenagers. The Speaker does so with gusto. #BrexitShambles
Hammond &amp; Barwell etc view Brexit as a war with their opponents in the Tory party. They have acted in order to spite them rather than enact Brexit
Just based off his body language I would NEVER trust macron
Agree. Expelliamus!
CNBC: Calls for a second Brexit referendum grow as Theresa May fights for a new deal. via
Brexit: Rule out no-deal, Jeremy Corbyn tells Theresa May
Farage, Rees-Mogg, Johnson and co are basically fluffers, who rush in whenever there’s a risk of Brexit getting less than fully hard.
Hammond is a snake!
I wish #Russia’s national identity wasn’t so inextricably linked to meddling in the identity of other nations. We spend enough time commenting on who has been influenced by Russia that we forget to hold them to account for their disruptive agenda. #Putin. #NewColdWar
It’s been so long since the referendum that I’ve honestly forgot how Brexit came about?? Who was the smart arse that started “fuck the EU, let’s just do one” when everything was fine?
It has come to this.
The difference being of course that General Elections generally don’t have the potential to cause the harm that Brexit does and the ability to reverse a GE result is guaranteed every 5 years or less.
Dow Jumps 145 Points as Markets Shrug off Brexit Blunder #invest #ICO
Rigid dancer, rigid brain, rigid staring soulless attitude. Corbyn is almost identical not that I’ve seen him dance
Greater representation. We don’t need a majority government all the time, we need a broad spectrum of views. Let the house make decision with more voices. Get rid of this “2 party system” and feeling like voting else where is a wasted vote. Brexit is a shambles but hopefully it
Lee - here's a (possibly) new fact for you : "The economy of the North East will suffer massive damage as a result of Brexit and shrink by 11% even if there is a comprehensive trade deal, the Government’s own analysis shows." you're pro Brexit, but a what cost?
Wenger refuses to change his approach even after a 0-2 drubbing from a mid-table side at home...
Awesome
He's away stockpiling the Ponderosa with rations and midori so he can weather the brexit food riots. It's not Bob's first fandango this.
I don't even know wtf is going on anymore. #Brexit
I always bought argument for #FPTP When UKIP got 4m votes but only 1 seat I vacillated Now 85% of MPs elected on Brexit manifesto but 3/4 voted Remain +try to thwart it, &amp; electorate can be bypassed if both parties' manifestos rule out #GoWTO, it's clearly #unfitforpurpose
Woah she is good at taking the upper hand and beating Corbyn up with it
So we have one woman holding the UK to ransom causing havoc &amp; chaos And one man in US who has managed to lay off 800k government workers causing havoc &amp; chaos Is there a tiny man in the Kremlin rubbing his hands and ticking boxes on a long list? #StopBrexit #RevokeArticle50
I’m actually embarrassed for you ! You’re clueless !
From the moment Mrs May moved into Number 10 her premiership has been characterised by a complete lack of communication with anyone, and that goes doubly for the business community, who were once welcome and frequent guests in Downing Street.
from 'Hi Paul, our estimate for an orderly no-deal scenario is -5.5% relative to Remain in 2030, corresponding to £140bn per year or a cumulative £1,110bn over 2019-2030.' I do think a #nodeal #brexit that knocks a cumulative 55% off GDP by 2030 is extreme
Brexit is a disaster.
Why don’t you get corbyn to stopping playing silly games and move the whole Brexit matter on constructively - that will reflect better on the party and increase the chances of winning an election your current stance is unclear and pointless
UK / GOVERNMENT / SOCIAL SECURITY / CONTROVERSIAL GOVERNMENT REFORM AFFECTING PENSION CREDIT ENTITLEMENTS OF "MIXED-AGE COUPLES": #BeyondBrexit
PLEASE TALK TO HER! Taking this stance is getting us nowhere.
Brexit: A national government or “no deal”
The PMs plan should allow the public back into the Brexit process and Labour should back a to make that happen. My piece in
I'm not convinced Brexit was the main factor. energy industry changing. pushback from high strike prices most likely. renewables getting cheaper. harder to make nuclear economics work
Tell MPs: work cross-party to fix Brexit. Add your name now via
Absolutely it is. Brexit out tbe gap time for us all the bare our teeth. I want heads on platters for this
Prime Minister in discussions with MPs about alternative Brexit deal
Didn't get chance to share my Edmund Husserl inspired thinking on Brexit.
Jeremy Corbyn said that Theresa May needs to go back on the deal with the EU and “RIGHT THIS MINUTE” lmaooo someone has control issues #brexit
Labour again holding down their position in la la land; 'a new customs Union' 'stay in the single market' but no mention on the implications of either. The whole point of the EU customs union and single market is freedom of movement, something that surely must continue under this
What #JeremyCorbyn is asking for is simply to remove the threat of #NoDeal as an option. He is not refusing to negotiate. #TheresaMay must stop deflecting &amp; provide assurances to the British people. Enough is enough - stop the stalling. #Brexit #PeoplesVote #CorbynBrexitSpeech
And we wish Macron good luck as the #YellowVests burn his neo-liberal austerity programs and large parts of Paris to the ground. #GiletsJaunes Macron is like Nero fiddling as Rome burned, er well Paris that is.
Oh Thankyou for this!
Somehow we live in a time where “always” means “only when some conditions are met”
On the latter part, he thinks it increases pressure to have a second referendum. On the former part, the best way to increase Lib Dem seats is a No Deal Brexit acquiesced to by Labour, so they're completely conflicting goals anyway.
THIS is the will of the people You will go down as the PM who broke Britain - imagine that on your gravestone?
When Hitler wrote Mein Kampf, people thought it was a personalised ideal but not, not that it could have resulted in the disintegration of much of the Western World civilisation and deaths of over 40 million people. Brexit means Mein Brexit, to an ambitious movement, no less.
Most people who voted for brexit would accept a no deal if the Eu can’t come to their senses.
Now Nigel evens the biggest tory hypocrite giving us his opinion on Brexit #bbcnews #skynews #brexit #brexitdeal #PeoplesVote #newsnight #bbcradio4 #r4today
Can you please challenge those who suggest going back to a 2nd vote about what happens if the country votes in the same way? Do not assume anything, I thought you would have learnt that valuable lesson over the past 3 years. #brexit
According to a new YouGov poll, that would be #REMAIN ! 56% of voters would choose Remain if given the chance in a fresh referendum.
Shes gone for cross party talks, so when the stitch up comes she will say, it wasn't just me and my party that thwarted Brexit
This is why, if you have voters to potentially lose on Brexit (like Labour does) it's a difficult one. Govt is attempting to fix Brexit as a choice between 1 of 2 options, and if you frustrate the choice or dispute the options then you are, in effect, impeding Brexit.
Brexit vote date set: Theresa May has less than two weeks to find new deal
For Brexit purposes I’d rather go decaf...
Making my own”no deal” preparations: studying for Life in the UK test needed to apply for #naturalisation. Much as I enjoy studying British history, I wish #Brexit was not the reason to do it. , looking forward to your Brexit Meeting later today
SKSMedia Posted...
Brexit: Theresa May's deal is voted down in historic Commons defeat Jeremy Corbyn tables a no confidence motion after Theresa May's plan is rejected ...
Factbox: UK PM May's Brexit 'plan B' - What happens next in parliament?
New video by Guardian News: 'Order!' Why Europeans are turning to John Bercow for light relief in Brexit chaos
People in ROI have been saying the same for the last 2 years. Pro Brexit supporters talk about checking employers and rental accommodation. When u point out they get the ferry to Scotland and go into the black economy in UK. Silence.
Brexit delay 'inevitable'
The latest The MWB Business Exchange Daily! Thanks to #fintech #brexit
Date set for MPs to vote on PM's Brexit plan B
Airports, customs, trade: Europe preps for a chaotic Brexit
Factbox: UK PM May&amp;#039;s Brexit &amp;#039;plan B&amp;#039; - What happens next in parliament?, #news #rt ,
If PM May knew about the breach of spending rules of Vote Leave when triggering article 50, she needs to be accountable! But why did European MEPs insist a non-binding referendum to be implemented?
Love this from Mac but he also needs to STFU and ask himself the question why theres so many anti gov protests in his lovers paradise
Love this guy
I see we're still discussing the idea of a Citizens' Assembly to sort Brexit out.
Given the opposition she is braving from from within and outside the party, Is Theresa May the new Iron Lady of UK #Brexit
Brexit Brexit Brexit Brexit
Bring in the lip reader STUPID WOMAN
#EUNOTFORME NO, HE IS NOT A ROGUE ELEMENT. WATCH HIM IN THE HOUSE OF COMMONS. HE IS A #PARROT, NODDING AND NODDING TO HIS MASTERS, NOT THE PEOPLE WHO VOTED HIM THERE.
Brexit: Rule out no deal, tells #Brexit #BrexitDeal #NoDeal
This must be interesting
Gavin Williamson just announced Army reserves can be called up to handle no deal
So the oil that was running out and could not support an independent Scottish economy will now, miraculously, shore up the UK in the event of a No-Deal Brexit - #Torygraph Noted for #Indyref2 #DissolveTheUnion #Indy2019
Even though u like you Jeremy . More than 450 MPs voted #Brexit with or without deal as it is written in article 50. Did you not read it before voting ? Why are you doing this?
Not for me Jeremy! Imagine being in a country where you have no say over your own running and laws. Pathetic, I see only one way now and that’s a no deal. Best of a bad situation unfortunately, but we will recover!
Arthur Koestler makes a strikingly similar argument on the Palestine partition in his excellent Promise and Fullfillment - an imprial class "abysmally equipped for their immense responsibilities" resorts to ruling by emotions and whim
France plans for no deal Brexit with customs and border recruitment
well played today Lucy. You were up against it with all those bloody Remainers. Keep the great work up.
Current #Brexit situation: Remain - 56% Leave - 44% Failures of #TheresaMay to close the deal seem to change the public opinions about the whole issue once again. New referendum?
How to handle #Brexit! #wisdom from the #heart of rural #England #sunshine #pigeon #happy #now
I’m no #TheresaMay supporter but how #JeremyCorbyn can demand she resign for the ‘good of the country’ and then refuse to enter into discussion about how we can resolve #BrexitShambles is beyond me. #Brexit
Fuck me.
Because of backhanders ? No one would fight to give UK money away unless they were getting something out of it !!
Genius thread summarizing the Brexit experience
The are the only reason why Mrs May and the Conservatives are still in power. Prime Minister it is time you started listening to them.
And if remain wins 51-49, do we just average it out or have another one. I don’t think there’s as much widespread support for a redo. Pro-Brexit folks aren’t just some racist hicks, abi we want to blame this one on Putin lol
What brexit option would be put in a 2nd ref #PeoplesVote if both Theresa May's crap deal&amp; #NoDealBrexit have already been ruled out by our Sovereign (Parliament)? Is there enough time for a PV anyway? Also,Executive are only ones who can action one? The PV makes no sense #GTTO
Taking a preschooler to playgroup and watching the bairns play is the perfect antidote to the Brexit news. Mind you there are some startling comparisons between the bad behaviour of toddlers and the Tories on the benches last night...
"Theresa May on the Brink Following Devastating Brexit Defeat" [Fault Lines Radio] #news #feedly
More, err, fall out from Brexit and government ineptitude!!
Which makes sense since the first referendum for Brexit was in 2016. This summer it will be 3 years. Another referendum without a plan would mean more time spent delaying.
Anti-Brexit group expertly trolls politicians by simply posting past TWEETS on huge billboards — RT UK News
From the brilliant Janey Godley. Getting me through this Brexit palava!
He needs to drop his intransigence, meet the PM and press her to work cross party to thrash out a better plan - as well as an early vote to rule out hard Brexit. Surely that can be as simple as ‘this house does not support the UK leaving the EU without a deal on 29th March’?
have nothing to say about Brexit.
#Maybot and got us into this shit #Brexit and all I see had hear is what's #corbyn going to do . Like management close the factory and its the workers fault . Topical right wing take the money blame someone else.
Theresa May doing that old Wizard of Oz trick! Everyone who has an audience sees and hears what they need to! ‘She’s for Remain’ says Vince Cable! “Hard Brexit” Arlene Foster gets told! Can’t believe the fools are falling for it! #wato #lbc #5live
Brexit timeline: key dates in UK’s divorce from EU, Financial Times / “Subscribe to read”
Are you also aware that the Irish Taoiseach, Leo Varadkar, spoke during a live TV debate on RTE1 to categorically rule out the need for a hard border between NI and the Irish Republic - even in the event of a no-deal Brexit? So much for that "essential" backstop!
How arrogant and out of touch from Ms Cherry. Many Regional MSPs contribute hugely to our parliament and the communities they serve. They enjoy no less a status than constituency MSPs. As I'm sure the tour guides could happily tell her.
Are the European Commission really refusing to remove the "Backstop" from Theresa May`s Brexit Deal, at the risk of creating a £39bn Black Hole in their Budget?
#GuyFawkes spotted on #Speakersgreen #OMG! #Brexit.#EU.#Commonwealth.
Cavorting druids, death by stoning, and dung for dinner.
Don't know if this is true or not. I'll imagine it is — for a second. One of the main arguers for Brexit were British fishermen with fish-face Farage vocal on their behalf. If they can't sell 73% of UK fish to EU, they're fucked + they fucked themselves. Is this wrong or right?
Tell MPs: work cross-party to fix Brexit. Add your name now via
#TheresaMay #Brexit #UK Property of and
so she'll pretend to listen and talk and then put the same deal back to parliament on monday - BBC News - Brexit: Theresa May meeting MPs 'to seek consensus'
Apart from all other failings of she is incapable of influencing/inspiring/leading as she uses cabinet secretary to shout down who is abiding by Tory manifesto. Putting back Brexit will end her as May local elections will kill Tories #NoDealNoProblem
Who said Germans have no sense of humour
‘Plan B, what plan B?’ Five options to break Brexit deadlock
Well worth reading the whole thing!
In all these comments and articles they discuss MPs choices and completely ignore majority of MPs stood and were elected on a Leave manifestos put out by both main parties. We cannot have a few hundred MPs over turning the vote if 17,410,742 voters
UKIP Wales has been 'empty-chaired' in discussions on Brexit in the Welsh Assembly by the Remoaning First Minister. Read More:
The Malign Incompetence of the British Ruling Class via Brexit and Trump all products of Russia and Putin! Lies and misinformation meant to divide and allow Russia a foothold again in Western Europe! Vote again and rejoin the EU!
Surveys of EU citizens show trust in the EU &amp; its institutions has declined strongly since a peak in 2007. Since then it has been consistently below 50%. A 2009 survey showed that support for EU membership was lowest in the UK, Latvia &amp; Hungary. #Brexit
Gavin Williamson just announced Army reserves can be called up to handle no deal
Thearse May PM needs to hold her nerve for 10 weeks 1 day now. #WATO NOT #bbcWhatOh does #Brexit #ProjectFear
There's many things that have been very ugly about Brexit since the vote, and the absolute glee some have expressed about death has to be one of the ugliest.
Assuming big 5 model is correct, people's degree of openness is pretty much set at birth, like extroversion. I've been thinking a lot about this as it ties into Trump/wall and Brexit. Model suggests some simply innately dislike open borders. Worth thinking about...
To lighten up those Brexit blues.
3 options may be seen as favouring Remain, with two shades of Brexit. Although some people also see May's deal as being Brexit in name only. ARGH.
Id say its you trying to avoid the irony of Corbyn ruling out talking to the PM about Brexit. You say PM is wrong talking to Saudi in her duty as PM and then say Corbyn would speak to anyone if he was PM. I can think of no other MP who has a partisan record like Corbyn's.
And??? you get a piece of paper with your insurance, big deal. French need to do the same.
Theresa May has opened talks to end the Brexit stalemate and is prepared to the blur the 'red lines' she said she would never cross käyttäjältä
There is 1 way of looking at this &amp; that is logically. Goods will cost more, that is a certainty. It’s not project fear, just a basic economic principal given how heavily we rely on imports. Brexit is a waste of time &amp; money. It will cost us heavily, just like any divorce.
Unacceptable and irresponsible from Hammond and Clark. Taking a WTO terms Brexit off the table would just put all the power in the hands of the EU and would prevent us getting a better deal. The government must say this in private and in public.
Theresa May the worst prime minister ever? David Cameron got Britain into this mess #Brexit
Rare for me to post personal info, but I'll make an exception. In 2010, I was diagnosed with an autoimmune disease that is destroying my liver. The meds that slow its progress will be impacted by #Brexit but I'd rather protect future gens from EU than put my own interests first.
and Nigel Farage was involved in both
Now...has anything actually changed in the last two years? #Brexit #fisheries
The one thing that a 51.9/48.1 win does not give anyone is the right to go for an extreme Brexit. If you want that you need to campaign for a second referendum and you can have it on the referendum. Because it was not what Leave campaigned on last time.
NEVER!!! I will NOT BE PARTY TO ELECTORAL FRAUD. BREXIT IS THE RESULT OF CORRUPTION AND RUSSIAN INTERFERENCE. The USA knows this, it's on the Record. #VoteLeaveBrokeTheLaw as evidenced by #StopBrexit #RevokeArticle50
is too weak to sack Hammond and maintain Cabinet collective responsibility. For that alone she has to go. If she had any self-respect she would realise that and resign. She can’t even claim a mandate from members as we were excluded from voting for leader by MPs.
1/1 I'm new to the politics scene - but I won't apologise for being blunt and putting my members opinions across. While we're worried about what The Bubble think there are millions of people asking 'Where's my Brexit?'
Agonising &amp; infuriating watching both front benches refusing to grasp the sword of a 2nd referendum that slays the Beast of Brexit Sadly the Brexit Monstur has acid for blood so the noble party gets burned by their sacrifice #countryb4party #Right2Vote #MakeItStop #LetUsDecide
Im all for cancelling BREXIT (please), but this is vile. Those old Brexiteers worked hard and paid tax in Britain their entire lives and earned their vote more than any pretentious 18 year old Corbyn nut who has read 3 Buzzfeed articles on politics.
Jacob Rees-Mogg threw a champagne party at his £5m Westminster mansion to toast Theresa May's Commons defeat with fellow Brexiteer MPs
It was the insistence of a "meaningful vite" for parliament which inspired the EU to come up with such a terrible deal. They knew fine we'll it would be rejected and they hoped it would lead to brexit being cancelled
Great column by on new report on the damage caused by civil service churn 'just when politicians need support and stability'. Full report here: Catch up with the event here:
French govt activates plan to prepare for no-deal Brexit
Rational thinking is saving antibiotics – it could work on Brexit too
Gove is the reason we are in the position we are in today. He caused Brexit chaos by stabbing Boris in the back. If (when as I now believe) Brexit dies, it will be down to Gove.
Made my hubby a note jar. Every day he pulls out a msg I have written. I know, super sad/ vomit alert. However I felt today's message, written many moons ago is very appropriate #Brexit #BrexitVote #brexitdebate
Nothing callous. It’s a fact that sadly these people died and the demographic has changed. This together with the fact that people voted for the idea of Brexit rather than the reality of what it was exactly, means alone there should be a second referendum.
We don’t fear a 2nd People’s Vote/EU Referendum. It is undemocratic to hold a 2nd vote without the first one being enacted. 1st People’s Vote - Leave won 52% GE17 - 84% voted for Pro-Brexit parties.
He needs his fortune told... Now...
#HousingMarket is not depressed over #Brexit , it's far too expensive to live a and have a mortgage
The communities most devastated by austerity will be those most failed by Brexit.
If any1 think Mrs May has any intention of pivoting to a softer Brexit they are in for a shock! Her priorities are protect her position, protect her party from split by pandering to ERG and then deliver Brexit. So any talk of reaching out to Opposition parties is a cynical stunt!
This bloke is the biggest hypocrite I've ever seen
Brexit has nothing to do with Hitachi deciding to pull out, but that would not fit your narrative of bull shit.
What brexit option would be put in a 2nd ref #PeoplesVote if both Theresa May's crap deal&amp; #NoDealBrexit have already been ruled out by our Sovereign (Parliament)? Is there enough time for a PV anyway? Also,Executive are only ones who can action one? The PV makes no sense #GTTO
Amazing what lengths some folks will go to avoid #BREXIT hype
Everything feels like it's about Brexit.
Box #prepares for Brexit with new U.K. cloud zone #venturebeat #tech #news
Bollocks!
#DetailsOnMyWantedPoster For crimes against Brexit
Corby clearly avoiding getting any of the blame for Brexit so refusing to get involved in the national interest.
#BREXIT BOMBSHELL: Terrified EU to be forced into MAJOR CLIMBDOWN after May defeat - Express
He should be in talks with madam May and sorting out Brexit not down there faffing about
this brexit shite is making me so mad the government stays fucking dumb
Factbox: UK PM May’s Brexit ‘plan B’ – What happens next in parliament?
Jeremy Corbyn said he would back a People's Vote on Brexit if he couldn't secure a general election. His no confidence vote failed yesterday - how much longer are the British people supposed to wait for Corbyn to get off the fence? Enough is enough &gt;
Apart from all other failings of she is incapable of influencing/inspiring/leading as she uses cabinet secretary to shout down who is abiding by Tory manifesto. Putting back Brexit will end her as May local elections will kill Tories #NoDealNoProblem
I Agree 100%
Brexit Commercial: What Is It?
Theresa May now trying to blame other parties for not engaging with her to try and get a Brexit deal over the line. It’s desperate stuff from the power hungry Tories you should have engaged the house the moment the electorate decided wrongfully in my opinion to leave the EU!
Beyond the Brexit pantomime Forget the political melodrama. What matters most are the deep weaknesses in our democracy that Brexit has exposed – and which extend across Europe.
End this #BrexitShambles Brexit was based on Bullshit, racism and untruths. It’s not worth the paper it’s printed on. It’s complete and utter Garbage!
Schappoooooooooo!
Well said.. I'm always reassured when somebody from a different viewpoint accepts the outcome of the EU referendum. I hope brexit will be good for us ALL in the the end.
and sadly there will be no "winners" post brexit now. the country and its economy are so damaged the best we can hope for is the least worst loser
That's exactly who would benefit. After the referendum we saw UKIP vote collapse and redistribute. If #Brexit doesn't happen you would see around 17million concider to lend their vote to a 'Leave means Leave' party. Hence why I claimed it would be Electoral suicide.
'Enough is Enough.' How European Media Responded to the Brexit Deal Defeat
Arthur Koestler makes a strikingly similar argument on the Palestine partition in his excellent Promise and Fullfillment - an imperial class "abysmally equipped for their immense responsibilities" resorts to ruling by emotions and whim
He's SO decisive!
Add some context to your argument if you want to be taken seriously. How does helping to reduce armed conflict abroad equate to refusing a No Deal #Brexit option? As for a Tory MP retweeting this sort of weak deflection that's just pathetic.
We had a referendum then a general election then parliament triggered Article 50. #Brexit
It should have been a bargaining chip in negotiations previously. A true Brexit believer would have threatened no deal when offered the deal currently on the table. Teresa can’t galvanise her own party behind her never mind the public or opposition MPs. What’s your prediction?
the people have seen who you are and have found you small and insufficient. As you gilded your cage and played ‘The Emperor’ they struggled and fought each tougher day. You are nearly over and not a day too soon
It's all our business as Corbyn is the key player in this and whatever he decides on brexit would probably have a majority in parliament.
BBC News - Rolls-Royce boss says May's Brexit deal is better than no deal
'We have a Brexit shelf': Guardian readers preparing for a no-deal scenario
Due May's &amp; the ERG's total disregard for the welfare of the British public, the UK Gov is now putting Army reservists on standby for a no-deal #Brexit
Traitor to this country!
Farage the biggest Hypocrite to walk the planet. Sold his ideology to his following based on racism and lies. Still takes his MEP salary and Will take his Mep indexed linked pension
Hmmmm.....I disagree. Canada doesn't have a Fixed Date Parliament law like Britain which make dissolving parliament more difficult.
Trotskyist, pro DUP Brexit, hypocrite. Fireside revolutionary. People abhor, rocket.
The Malign Incompetence of the British Ruling Class With Brexit, the chumocrats who drew borders from India to Ireland are getting a taste of their own medicine.
France triggers €50m contingency plan in case of no-deal Brexit - The Guardian-
The country is being misled over a no deal Brexit. Logically it is the way forward to deliver what was voted for, Leave.
Read this whole thread. It puts the #Brexit insanity in perspective
I just picked up my repeat script of heart-saving medication and I have enough for three months. Apparently, this is a thing some pharmacies are doing to get priority patients over the Brexit risk hump. #brexit #nhs
Brexit Politics Continue To Be The Focus, PM May Looks To End Impasse With Her Parliament
Risk Appetite Slips, Brexit, U.S Trade And Government Shutdown In Focus
On Monday, a group of MPs will seek to break the deadlock on Brexit. Here’s how:
There’s going to be a time when we hear of Brexit in passing maybe once a year. Where Trump’s presidency will be a distant memory. Where I never have to see or hear from Theresa May again. And it’s going to be euphoric, it’s going to glorious, simply majestic. Cannot wait mate.
Brexit ruins everything... even Riverdale. When Veronica refuses her dad's deal by leaving him a hand written note did I roll my eyes like I do about everything on this show. No. Instead when I read the words: "New Deal, No Deal" I immediately thought of Brexit and wanted to cry
Brexit is the material change of circumstances that will bring #Indyref2 but you know that
May Back In Brexit Talks After Dramatic 48 Hours
Then why did he pursue this case?
I think we should not only leave the EU but also leave this living plane of existence too
[REUTERS] Factbox: UK PM May's Brexit 'plan B' - What happens next in parliament? |
The Rudderless West
Great news. That should then empower the Tory government. Hold a People's vote and get a mandate to carry out Brexit according to the will of the people.
A second #Brexit referendum gets more likely by the day. And here's what we'll need when it happens: #PeoplesVote
Has anyone suggested a Referendum on having a 2nd Referendum? You know for the LOLZ? #Brexit #BrexitShambles
March 29th 2019 will see Britain honouring the 2016 referendum, or transitioning into a hyperliberal dictatorship to its terminal destruction. #Brexit
Factbox: UK PM May's Brexit 'plan B' - What happens next in parliament?
You &amp; your sensible suggestions! #wato
Cabinet ministers 'set to back second referendum which could cancel Brexit'
The Tories can’t pivot to a Norway-type deal without admitting that freedom of movement can be restricted under the current treaty arrangements, something successive UK governments have chosen not to do. #Brexit
I know there are bitter, bitter debates about #Brexit but this takes the biscuit. What an awful thing to say. You should be ashamed of yourselves that you have allowed such hateful speech to be published in your name. Is this now your standard?
MPs to vote on Brexit plan B on 29 January What is plan B? Sent via
All those MPs refusing to accept the Referendum result in 2016 &amp; voting against Brexit should resign now! Candidates will replace them who will respect democracy. #Brexit
Brexit vote: business and accountancy reaction
All deals are signed in good faith , and as has been confirmed all deals will have a backstop . It’s as good as brexit gets a deal so people should change tact
It does make you think what the Betrayal "Plan B" will be
So what are you waiting for
There is no good brexit whatsoever for jobs or the economy. Even the hovernment’s own analysis shows that.
Yes please! We have been #inLimbo for 937 days and need legal certainty. Now. #HandsOff #RescueOurRights
I think with an extension on the deadline, MPs who feel a better deal could be negotiated would eventually have to concede that it isn’t possible, forcing a second referendum.
Just seen Nigel Evans on BBC News channel. He referred to EU supporters as “ fanatics”! He and his Brexit supporting colleagues are “supporters” but EU supporters are “fanatics”. Really??? Nigel, please be more moderate in your language!
May, huh, yeah What is she good for Absolutely nothing May, huh, yeah What is she good for Absolutely nothing Say it again, why'all #brexit #Labour #Conservatives
Science zing!
Here Are 9 Shows I Recommend You Watch To Forget About Brexit #entertainment
If you were to watch the MSM in the United Kingdom you would think that the Brexit campaign was the most intolerant campaign in the history of mankind. Meanwhile the Remain campaign literally have a website estimating the number of Leave voters who have died since the vote. #Sick
#FBPE TM: why o why do u now bleat on about delivering Brexit and respecting the Ref? DO YOU RESPECT CON ARTISTS? DO YOU RESPECT LIARS? DO YOU RESPECT A CORRUPT VOTE? WHY DO U TREAT THE BRITISH PUBLIC WITH CONTEMPT? YOUR WAY = TROOPS ON OUR STREETS
This came with my post today and possibly with yours. Pro-european #Wetherspoon customers may like to see how Tim Martin spends his profit. #Brexit
You don’t get to make my party an irrelevancy, ducky. Corbyn should be streets ahead of this horrid govt. If Cooper were leader we’d be 10-20 points ahead. Remainers are turning to Greens, Lib Dems to ditch Brexit. Corbyn hasn’t a clue, luv.
I agree. I wish there was more focus in the media on the interests Mrs May has by proxy in the hedge fund her husband is an executive of, and what they stand to make in the event of a no deal Brexit. Plus the EU restrictions on tax avoidance looming. Not unrelated, imo.
#Brexit Pan B, C, D... Corbyn/Hamas friends
The question of how stable the UK will be after Brexit also needs to be taken into consideration. Its politics look like being poisonous for years to come. Just how effective a global actor will it be? What's happens if Corbyn Labour (with or without Corbyn) comes to power?
I will say this about #brexit It really has become a circus
Do you think the “strategy” is to try &amp; persuade the Remain/soft Brexit MPs that a No Deal exit remains possible, whilst hoping the ERG/DUP fear a 2nd referendum/customs union Brexit. Therefore some kind of backstop change may lead to compromise &amp; vote passed.
LIVE: May faces no confidence vote following Brexit deal defeat via
If you're a current Labour member who's thinking of leaving because of Labour's Brexit stance, you may want to sign this petition.
Perfect reaction, Mr. Farage She didn’t get how the sad irony or maybe the paradox of her words. “Scrap Brexit” while loving democracy? How stupid is that?
This shall be interesting! Viewing A Replay 's broadcast: #UK Jeremy Corbyn #Brexit
Irish gov not interested in using Brexit as a means of reunifying Ireland
Extension of Brexit deadline comes with terms, worrying markets.
Agree. They represent the 37% of the electorate who voted for #Brexit (27% of the population). "The people have spoken", indeed!
'No Deal' is the trump card you muppet
Agree. It will look terrible...and also ensure the Brexit debate just goes on and on and on
Fascinated to see what actually happens on 29/03/2019;&amp; between now &amp; then,how many more lies u tell,realities u fabricate,betrayals u contrive &amp; laws you break then re-make.After the horror of this disgraceful #Brexit never look UK in the eye again
I arnt suprised They were with tory when all brexit started anyways
Just like with brexit, people have voted Trump in based on this promise to build a wall. The will of the people needs to be respected. Otherwise there will be civil war.
Your in papers demanding second vote &amp; yes voters want Brexit because I have friends on both sides . You bend rules for Indy2 on corruption &amp; lies at Any cost but now you been caught out as traitors . Scotland doesn’t want you or Glasgow , your a manipulator lier
It is a conspiracy theory as regards PM May. FYI, she was for ‘Remain’ openly. What other plan could she have pushed when at its core Brexit was a Trojan horse designed to destroy the UK? Operation the same as the phony basis for the govt shutdown. Object was to shutter, done!
Theresa May expected to survive no confidence vote but Brexit fight goes on - Metro
Wake up Andrew The vote was based on: lying Illegal practices foreign interference Putin orchestrated and indirectly funded brexit
”Humiliations in neo-imperialist ventures abroad, followed by the rolling calamity of Brexit at home, have cruelly exposed the bluff of what Hannah Arendt called the “quixotic fools of imperialism.” Partition comes home to Britain. Pankaj Mishra.
'Order!' Why Europeans are turning to John Bercow for light relief in Brexit chaos
Yes, EU nationals should not be used as UK negotiating capital just like the UK People should not be held hostage to 's No Deal Brexit. #Brexit #EU27 #FBPE #PeoplesVote #PoliticsLive #C4News #skynews #newsnight
You may be an exception Euan but it is clear that the basic tenets of a free and open democratic society are not understood by many young people. The reactions to the Brexit and US 2016 results demonstrate this clearly.
Brilliant
Yes, that's why I said people have a right to change their mind in either direction. My point is All MPs should bring it back to a people's vote. The criteria has changed. People now know what Brexit means.
What brexit option would be put in a 2nd ref #PeoplesVote if both Theresa May's crap deal&amp; #NoDealBrexit have already been ruled out by our Sovereign (Parliament)? Is there enough time for a PV anyway? Also,Executive are only ones who can action one? The PV makes no sense #GTTO
Walking around Parliament Square on Tuesday it felt like something was dying, more than just Brexit, the UK is dying.
If NI wants a referendum I'd be ambivalent. The latest polls indicate 55% would vote to stay in UK. But then again polls the day before brexit said we would vote to remain. There is only one way to find out.
This is a great read, on how Brexit was prefigured by Britain's calamitous withdrawal from, and partitioning of, India. The common thread: a "chumocracy" of dolts and mendacious grifters.
What a thread this is btw.
This is really disturbing #brexit #migrants #BorderSecurity
Hi and - could you ask the powers that be if my tweet below would not provide a workable solution?
Current mood.
The elites are slowly losing control....
Even though i like you Jeremy ,more than 450 MPs voted #Brexit with or without deal as it is written in article 50. What changed? Why are you doing this?
DAILY MAIL CIRCULATION DOWN 12% The new ANTI BREXIT editor is the cause of this!
He is completly out of touch and a traitor to this country. No deal is our strongest hand to get best deal for uk. He is not fit to serve us. We want no deal and to stand alone and apart from EU as we voted for. He is back tracking on their promises to deliver brexit
is everything that is wrong with politics. Scotland voted, they didn’t want to be independent- she wants another vote. The UK wanted to leave the EU - she wants another vote. Maybe she should concentrate on her corrupt party instead. #brexitdebate #brexit
BBC News - Brexit: Theresa May meeting MPs 'to seek consensus'
So, the vocal #brexiteers complain that they have been maligned by the #peoplesvote campaigners. They should look at this photo it says much about the behaviour of the #LeaveEU campaign and supporters. It is this behaviour that has #balkanisedbritain. #Brexit
Great news coming in from this week. Fantastic to see local businesses continuing to grow &amp; win contracts despite the #brexit uncertainty!
Before will talk to the government about their requirements for Brexit they are trying to force them to agree to their requirements for Brexit.
has nailed the state of Brexit – again.
'We WILL be listened to!' Hartley-Brewer has DIRE WARNING for Theresa May
Who needs the MSM and their determination to hound Corbyn out of politics through relentless smears when a sitting Labour MP can do it. You're an utter disgrace, get out of my Party #brexit
Diamond Digs is out! #paid #brexit
Minford - apparently car industry should go the way of coal
They're all capitalist puppets, Corbyn included. His job since the referendum has been to try &amp; repeat what Syriza did in Greece &amp; uphold the interests of imperialism above the interests of workers.
Joking aside, there would be quite a powerful symbolism in having a brexit demonstration with a few fifes, drums, and musketeers outfits.
UK PM Theresa May reaches out to rivals in #Brexit deadlock
Can anyone locate/remember the James O'Brien LBC clip where a caller told him that, instead of being fact-based, 'Brexit is a feeling', and James compared him to a bee buzzing away to freedom? Or perhaps I imagined it.
If you're not going to even *attempt* to engage in civil and rational discourse, you're not worth talking to. Blocked for a childish, self-contradictory and frankly pathetic attempt at debate. If the UK suffers from Brexit it will be entirely the fault of people like this.
says "what isn’t going to be an outcome is arrangements that seek to stop #Brexit, which I believe the #PeoplesVote is designed to do". This implies acceptance that the majority now wish to remain, but the gov will press on with Brexit regardless. #Tyranny
The UK, the Economist lamented last month, “is governed by a self-involved clique that rewards group membership above competence and self-confidence above expertise.” In Brexit, the British “chumocracy has finally met its Waterloo.”
OP-ED: Whichever way one dissects the arguments, it is hard, if not impossible, to find a solution to #Brexit that would gain a majority in Westminster and, at the same time, be palatable to the #EU, writes
Propping up? I see reality is to harsh for some. The simple truth is thrnDUP props,up the govt. Labour should be an opposition and yet they want the same thing, Brexit! We’re all tired of waiting for Labour to smell the coffee. But the blinkered Shirehorse plods ever onwards...
always disagreed with Nigel-but he has a poiont and i also believe she said that old age folks should not be allowed to vote!could not make that up either
Remainers are extremists.
Ex-pat British not allowed to vote - democratic? 16-18 year olds not allowed to vote on their future- democratic? Euro citizens living in the UK not allowed to vote- democratic? Brexit ‘democracy’ is very selective!
Checks on both sides of Irish border ‘mandatory under no-deal Brexit’
In the event of a #NoDealBrexit, you'll need to carry your insurance Green Card when driving your car in the EU. Take a look at our Q&amp;As to make sure you're prepared for travelling in Europe after #Brexit:
Works for Sky
The Brexit will put the UK100 on a huge downmovment - #UK100GBP chart
From my observations, Brexit is when you leave a room as soon as you hear Theresa May talk.
OpenDemocracy - Beyond the Brexit pantomime
1. Dear Tony - you are NOT the Prime Minister. 2. You should be in custody awaiting trial for war crimes. 3. Most people really don't like you at all.
rational thinking? it'll never catch on.
Google alert: Matthew Elliott played by #JohnHeffernan on Brexit
Reservists Could Be Deployed In Case Of No-Deal Brexit
From reading this article you’d get the deeply mistaken impression that the British “elite” or “ruling class” is in favour of Brexit
They are the ones with most to lose. Maybe in 20 yrs one of those kids will return to Parliament and lead us to a new partnership with Europe
May does not want no deal. Her deal with the DUP is weak, for a soft Brexit or a Peoples Vote it is a strong possibility.
What brexit option would be put in a 2nd ref #PeoplesVote if both Theresa May's crap deal&amp; #NoDealBrexit have already been ruled out by our Sovereign (Parliament)? Is there enough time for a PV anyway? Also,Executive are only ones who can action one? The PV makes no sense #GTTO
The latest Temikoria the Observer! Thanks to #brexit #may
Decisions of constitutional significance (change legal order and remove individual rights) should never be ‘delegated’ to the people, especially without a coherent plan and the necessary legislation to effect the changes in place beforehand. #brexit
Read all about it.... this month's edition of 's #IFRSNews discusses the implications of #Brexit for December 2018 year ends, hyper-inflationary economies and IFRS9.
BREAKING NEW: Box prepares for Brexit with new U.K. cloud zone
After suffering the greatest Parliamentary defeat in modern British history, PM May has given the country no clear sense of the way forward on Brexit. One member of Parliament told me here it is the most significant crisis since May 1940.
Tory MP pledges second referendum amendment to May's Brexit plan Well said Death threats are a wake-up call to the UK to fight back the forces of evil and dictatorship, manifested by both the hard right and left. EU a source of moderation.
In some cases, yes, but I think it’s also very difficult to let go of a fantasy and/or admit you were wrong. Much easier to find ways to keep seeing what you want to see. Brexit is far from the first political movement to come up against this...
Are we ever going to get to a point where deciding upon Brexit is not about scoring points?
Any media planning serious discussion of the UK's realistic options for Brexit ahead of the vote on the 29th? Or just the usual WTO v Referendum squabbles, Cabinet members stretching credibility, and Barry Gardiner popping up to say the words "Customs Union" every so often?
One positive thing that Dave “Trotters” Cameron will have caused.
As should be the case. Remaining in the Customs Union is not delivering Brexit but negating it.
Theresa May and the Tories disregard for democracy and Parliament is blatantly clear. Here Jeremy Corbyn reaffirms his belief in parliamentary democracy and explains how Labour has used it to hold the Tories to account on #Brexit.
THE DAY THE DEAL DIED with special guest David Allen Green #RemainiacsLive #OwnTheRemoan #brexit #brexitvote via
I suppose the Brexit equivalent would, ironically, be hoping for a good case of Spanish flu (God forbid) But I wouldn't wish death on anyone: it's horrible.
"An up to the elbow Brexit" via
There were no good answers on Iraq back then. As with Brexit, when it gets to a certain point, it’s just the least bad one. Blair is (as he illustrated today on ) a political Leviathan.
Anyone else sick of fucking #Brexit now? The country voted leave, get on with it. MPs, paid big bucks to run the country acting like kids. Calls for a 2nd referendum. Basically them saying ‘you, the British public, got it wrong. So try again until you get the answer we want’.
The latest HumboldtPrepper Times! Thanks to #gunnews #brexit
You’re / I’m not angry at the boss. We’re angry that we’ve put ourselves in this position. We’re not angry at Brexit, we’re projecting to avoid responsibility for our own happiness. You’re / I’m not outaged by a comedian, you’re grandstanding to feel connection and approval.
Mr Corbyn we voted to leave not for a deal therefore no deal is a option!
Just sitting down to write a blog about Brexit. Not about how the thing works, but how is cast a shadow of uncertainty over British lives. #Brexit
Excellent letter and statement of 's democratically agreed position.
German #tm law also updated January 14th with a similar collection of updates.
Coincidently Brexit is also heading to Plan S, after plans abcdefghijklmnopqr failed.
all this brexit nonsense is giving me an ulcer
No Deal Brexit set to be blocked within days reveals Chancellor in leaked call
Probably the best approach yet to resolving Brexit
This is the most horrendous, disgusting and horrible post I have ever seen. Who do you think you are to say this? Disgraceful. #Brexit
A Brexit lesson in economics for Canadians hoping to profit from anger: Don Pittis
The Strange Passions of Brexit via
Now people no what a shambles Brexit is more people have changed their minds and want to leave its stubborn arrogant people like you Piers that will drive this country over a cliff to disaster
bold of you to assume anything to do with Br/exit is rational
James... Jim? James... or Mr Felton? Mr Felton! I have a cunning plan! We can get YOU into Number 10. All we need is Paul McKenna and Uri Geller to mass hypnotise everyone in the UK to forget about Brexit and totally accept you're a bona fide PM.
May tries to break Brexit stalemate with Juncker - by text message..
This was passed on to me from a lovely co-workshopper, so I am returning the favour: FREE tickets are still left to see Nitin Sawhney: BREXIT – A rational anthem for a national tantrum
spending your BBC tax money ( And EU cash no doubt ), promoting more 'what-if' red herrings.
The faith in our politicans to deliver on promises has wobbled more than ever. Brexit thus far has been a shambles. However, calls for a second vote is beyond a joke. The losers need to pay some respect to the winners.
75% of the population of the UK didn't vote for it. #peoplesvote They certainly didn't vote for a poorer standard of living while the Brexit elite live off the fat of the land.
May refuses to budge on no deal Brexit as army is called up
I've heard this many times while outside HOL! School classes shouting STOP BREXIT and the older ones B2B!
The latest DAILY WORLD NEWS! #jakpost #brexit
Why are the media asking such pointless questions?! Spy gate and Brexit come on ffs! Fans don’t want to hear about that shit. Literally learnt nothing about the team after that snore fest.
All pretence of honouring the ref. result is disappearing before our eyes. Talk now is only about what MPs will or will not allow. Our long-held democracy is at a cross-roads, if we allow MPs to ignore the Brexit vote and get their way, then democracy is dead. UK Democracy - RIP!
Yet now, many of our politicians are insisting that Brexit is just such a proposition. No foreign observer can understand this, it is a uniquely British disease.
Wow your rich and a millionaire and still getting businesses to pay for your flights...I bet that businessman has money to make on a no deal Brexit...like yourself and business interests and profits to be made through Brexit
Brian where?. France is on fire, Brexit, Venezuela in ruins, most other countries returning to capitalism. It doesn't work. The common person always suffers while the elite feel no pain. AOC is wrong. Her ideology will destroy this country.
Discussion of Brexit in the office has descended to the level of primal screams of frustration
SKSMedia Posted...
a silly no who still foolishly believes in Brexshit. The country has switched to Remain. Wake up! #Death2Brexit #peoplesvote #voteleavebrokethelaw #brexit #stopbrexit #fbpe
Ladies &amp; gents: Tim Martin's key economic man. Patrick Minford. Who advises the ERG &amp; Economists for Free Trade. He advocated the closure of the mines in the 70s &amp; 80s. Workers never received the 'compensation' mentioned here.
Hard, hard Brexit
Tell you what: when you come back with a poll which says that the youth are now in favour of brexit, then we can talk. As for not voting because it’s “not fair” - how ON EARTH can a properly legally conducted poll of the people be “not fair?” Idiotic.
Despite continued uncertainty caused by MPs rejecting the PM's Brexit deal &amp; the subsequent vote of no confidence, as highlights, there are 'bullish' expectations for 2019, with London's growth increasingly resilient - #property #propertyweek
John Prescott to thump an MP every hour on the hour until Brexit gets sorted - via
..latest development means that Britain's political institutions have shown that they are not up to facing the challenges of Brexit.. #Trump #QAnon #News #Brexit #TrumpTrain #BuildTheWall #2A #1A #QARMY #Q #ThursdayMorning #GOP
I am hoping that the last couple of days including the #NoConfidenceVote has brought about a different thinking for Jeremy Corbyn. Lessons need to be learned. #Brexit
There is no good brexit whatsoever for jobs or the economy.
Hitachi Freezes UK Nuclear Project as Brexit Crisis Deepens by
A possible silver lining to Brexit is that it has become crystal clear our antiquated #FPTP system needs changing for a form of #PR. The tension and contradictions start right from the initial election of an MP: typically most voters reject the winner.
Brexit is going so well that the government is now making plans to call up military reservists.
#Mondlandung #Brexit #Idiotie #Hijacking #Sovereignty #Shutup #Italexit is bigger #problem for #Germany. #Brexit happen for sure only question which terms. When read you I always laugh. You not understand nothing in context.
Leave voters and remain voters agree about something Most politicians are useless #Brexit
Support for Remain highest since referendum, Brexit poll finds
Brexit is a shambles full-stop on all sides. EU don't want us to leave so won't give us a good deal. Politicians on all sides spending more time pontificating rather than actually working in the common good. Labour no position as if they took a position their party would split to
BREXIT: Corbyn defends refusal to talk to May without no-deal pledge / #EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Excellent piece of writing. Spot on. This is the English elite that I remember when I lived there: rapacious, arrogant and loathsome. It is too bad the working English have few means to fix this.
that's odd, i can't remember "we've survived much much worse" being a selling point for Brexit during the referendum.
Millions of EU citizens can't access personal records, high court told: -
Plus they had David 'DD' Davis MP slowing things down to project dimwit level. #WATO NOT #bbcWhatOh does #Brexit #ProjectFear
I'm more afraid of a Corbyn Marxist government than anything Brexit can throw at us. Warn kids who think a Corbyn revolution would be exciting, they'd suffer the most!
Hard Brexit is right, no money for the EU cartel!
Campaign Grows for Another Brexit Referendum
Meanwhile U.K. Leaders wish “good luck” in figuring out a way to not get IMPEACHED.
I don’t think anyone in parliament has covered themselves in glory over this brexit sh*tshow cluster shambles. Can we the people table a motion of no confidence in the whole lot of them? #brexit #shitshow #clustershambles
The UK is becoming a great model of democracy and freedom by showing rest of the world how to reject Supra national organisations. Brexiters are a source of inspiration, unlike you or your friends who have nothing but frustration. Everyone must embrace Brexit as a great movement.
..suspected of embezzling $1.3 million from her employer, transferred that to a man in Africa. She had met him via Facebook.. #Trump #QAnon #News #Brexit #TrumpTrain #BuildTheWall #2A #1A #QARMY #Q #ThursdayMorning #GOP
you are right over 12 million registered voters didn't [or couldn't] vote but over 33 million did, and even with dodgy ward merges...more voted for Brexit
Are the European Commission really refusing to remove the "Backstop" from Theresa May`s Brexit Deal, at the risk of creating a £39bn Black Hole in their Budget?
Looks like Corbyn has come to realise that his Brexit agenda is just as dead as May's. He is turning a page this week. All hope to a good outcome is not lost yet. #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy
Hopefully come the end of the month another #Brexit deal will be voted down #PeoplesVoteNow #FBPE
The latest The self-determination Daily! Thanks to #brexit #27añosdepaz
Sterling up after Theresa May wins confidence vote
#Brexit is a shambles. The country has become a laughing stock. Let's get rid of all 650 of the MPs, ban parties and make the new MPs work for the people
How has the Brexit saga impacted friendships?
#Brexit Brits - at least ONE is still trying to find order in this mess.
I've also seen some rather unsavoury anti democracy graffiti, can you also catch that vandal. It says "STOP BREXIT".
Don't worry soon you will be going back #Brexit
. sees some light at the end the tunnel and are "cautiously optimistic" for 2019. Holger's team makes three big bets on Trump, China and Brexit. Central banks might also come to the rescue. Worth a read.
The latest Catan Times! Thanks to #brexit #brexitvote
It’s an intriguing theory but I found this delve into the ERG much more succinct and revealing:
This confused me as it’s on a post completely unrelated to Brexit. There is nothing we can do sadly, it’s all in the negotiations and we just have to sit and wait for them to finalize the settlement.
..“Did you have ribs removed?” someone asked, while others suggested it must be ‘edited’ or ‘Facetune’.. #Trump #QAnon #News #Brexit #TrumpTrain #BuildTheWall #2A #1A #QARMY #Q #ThursdayMorning #GOP
The percentage of so called "big businesses" trade with the EU is a very small percentage of total UK trade. Remainers in Parliament have undermined the negotiations for Brexit from the start. They are enemies of Brexit and the democratic vote.
I found-out about this about a year ago, and let some pro-Brexit enthusiasts know about it. You can imagine the reaction, you could have heard the 'sizzle' all the way from Belfast to Benidorm ;-) #FBPE #RevokeArticle50
Looks like the Tories and other random brexiters are going to take us all down with them: Brexit: 'Private understanding' in Irish government that hard border now likely | The Independent -
Why not the Police take action against Polly Toynbee with her sort of 'hate crime' against older people.....all to do with Brexit
The latest The London Journal! Thanks to #eu #brexit
The latest Facilitare il cambiamento! Thanks to #brexit #scienze
The best solution to Brexit: Leave, ‘good and hard’
The British people should get the final say on the Brexit deal, with the option to remain in the EU. Agree? Add your name:
German industry 'looking into the abyss' as Brexit fears mount
May: Trust in MPs Will Collapse to 'All-Time Low' if Brexit Cancelled
But you can't demand things, you have absolutely sod all power. On not attending the PM's Brexit talks you are demonstrating a complete disregard for the future of this country.
Responsible politicians would withdraw Article 50, and explain that they are now convinced beyond any doubt that Brexit will severely harm millions, and the Union, and they cannot inflict it on us. However, in reality, red lines tend to be party political and selfish.
.."his alleged intent was to attack the White House and other targets of opportunity in the Washington, D.C., area".. #Trump #QAnon #News #Brexit #TrumpTrain #BuildTheWall #2A #1A #QARMY #Q #ThursdayMorning #GOP
Why is JRM not the PM? He would be fantastic as PM, Sharia May needs to hand over the baton to this chap and let him lead on Brexit.
I voted for Brexit. Does my vote not count?
UK Labour leader says any new Brexit referendum can’t be a re-run of 2016
I blame the whole of the house. Sadly let down by people who 20 yrs ago would not have been considered for cabinet
Apparently Farage didn't turn up to the committee in 2011 or 2012 at all. Some links about it if you want some more info.
(Or, indeed, 'my deal or no brexit')
#Brexit: No-deal #insurance advice for NI motorists :
#brexit #brexitdebate #Brexitcast #BrexitCrisis Peculiar British island, after all this chaos &amp; due to yr historic arrogance, you deserve a hard brexit! Europe loves to see Scottland, N. Ireland &amp; Wales to split and join EU!
The main Brexit question I keep asking myself is how much food do I need to stockpile...
You know what's the ACTUAL worst thing in my opinion about #Brexit? It's that after all the incompetence, lies, hypocrisy, and the actual breaking of actual laws, the best poll result I've seen is that 56% would now vote remain. I mean what the fuck is going on?!
#Brexit .... has hit the nail on the head #GoWTO #ThursdayThoughts
A fat man is a Remainer, how can we please get on with Brexit is not a bad nut allergy cousin.
The Unraveling Kingdom.
The UK newspaper market. Every single one of these papers is owned by or edited by (or both) anti-Brexit globalists, apart from the Daily Telegraph. Mail and Express under new management from last year. Sun is a trash bag paper run by globalists. UK right wing media non existent
. 's analyzes #Brexit failure and four possible roads forward for Britain:
What is the EU position on alternative Brexit options? - the guardian- Who the f**k cares. Leave the EU AS VOTED FOR. Never heard of a government in this country so willing to give it away. Why r these people still in power? shows total disdain 4 democracy
..were several heavy explosions at the University of Lyon in France this morning, which, upon first reports, were caused by.. #Trump #QAnon #News #Brexit #TrumpTrain #BuildTheWall #2A #1A #QARMY #Q #ThursdayMorning #GOP
I'm sure as many remainers died as leavers, bit what a distasteful point you make. Plenty of young voters support leave. #Brexit
I wasn't quizzed and I want a total change, including but not limited to PR #ParliamentNotFit4Purpose
NO DEAL SHOULD REMAIN ON THE TABLE
What media we have, helping the useless PM with her spin. 'Wrecker Corbyn' - of the one leader trying to safeguard us from no-deal Brexit. I really hate so much about this country these days
There's something a Labour government can help with by Brexit won't.
A lot of those investments are in tech. UK will become a a leading startup hub after Brexit. Also startups are going to kick start manufacturing in the UK.
Agreed. There are multiple factors, which is why I wouldn't say it was 'because of' Brexit. But again, it *really* doesn't help.... (by which I mean, it is a factor...and a big one...but that's my traditional British penchant for understatement causing me trouble again...).
Sack the traitors!! Come on Mrs May, restore our trust!!
Only one man can save Britain through this Brexit ordeal
Please tell me that due to an administrative error, David Davis is still registered as a reservist and will be pressed into service manning the bread queues at a Tesco somewhere in Liverpool.
Mmmm. Even the clacking tedium of Brexit sounds adorable in French.
Treason Mayhem (true to her name) has made a dog's dinner of Brexit deliberately. Haven't you sussed it yet? She does not work for the UK. She works for the City of London which is not in the UK or the EU or the UN. The City wants us to remain. Why? To protect the Roman Empire.
May's new #Brexit strategy is a craven and cowardly outrage. Keep going down exactly the same path but get opposition leaders to dip their hands in the blood so they can share - or ideally, take - the blame. Corbyn is right to be circumspect.
STAY UPDATED: Prepared for the Brexit #Brexit #EU #Expats #retiredinspain #Spain
Sadly I agree with this :(
A Brexit lesson in economics for Canadians hoping to profit from anger: Don Pittis
PM May survived vote of no confidence. She believes Brexit coz 17.4M people voted in favour in 2016 referendum. Riven by crisis, Britain searches for Brexit emergency 'plan B'
After hitting the head against the wall w/o getting anywhere she decided to try it a few more times. #Brexit #May
Charging my iPhone iPad Autistic Lion BREXIT BREXIT LONDON SAFEGUARDED London Grime Culture Autistic Lion Arsenal FC the Greatest Club
..“might have been droppings in there, because it smelled awful. This was the worst flight I have ever experienced”.. #Trump #QAnon #News #Brexit #TrumpTrain #BuildTheWall #2A #1A #QARMY #Q #ThursdayMorning #GOP
Let’s just leave with a no deal. Save the divorce bill and trade on WTO terms. We will prosper and will be able to run our country how we see fit. #Yes #ISaidIt #NoDeal #Brexit
Brexit Meltdown as Theresa May is Massively Defeated on Her Crappy Deal via
Unacceptable and irresponsible from Hammond and Clark. Taking a WTO terms Brexit off the table would just put all the power in the hands of the EU and would prevent us getting a better deal. The government must say this in private and in public.
What an idiotic idea wanting to take one of the options off the table before negotiating a deal. Who does that!? Plain stupid. He couldn't run a bath! #corbyn #brexit
#Brexit Everyone should watch this interview.
“The Malign Incompetence of the British Ruling Class With Brexit, the chumocrats who drew borders from India to Ireland are getting a taste of their own medicine.”
Interesting statistical timing: as of this Saturday "enough old leavers will have died and enough young #remainers will have come on to the electoral register to turn the dial on what the country thinks about #Brexit". #Remain
Tell them all that we all think that you, Caroline, should be Prime Minister and deal with the Brexit business as soon as possible..go on, you know you want to...pretty please!
If No Deal was so bad, why did you get your MP's to vote for Article 50 to be triggered, when you knew this was a viable option?!
Jeremy Clarkson unleashes sweary rant on Brexit via
Im a gay latino with more European heratiage than Brittish and was a remainer but now am 100% on board with Brexit and leaving the real fascists which is the EU. The EU are a bunch of bullies and nothing screams fascist as much as that. Also most of my ethnic friends voted leave
Those against having an autonomous country again all say the same thing anyway, just switch off. Remainers can wind up remainers instead of the sensible!
If Brexit has taught us anything, its that negotiations for Scotland leaving the UK will be made as difficult, lengthy and as expensive as possible by the Westminster Government. The only consolation is have some of the best politicians in the country fighting our corner!
can’t believe I’m 21 and know nothing about brexit
It was an absolute pleasure to attend this event with Deputy Prime Minister &amp; Minister of Foreign Affairs in the impressive Arenberg Room of the Egmont Palace. Interesting insights in a wonderful setting. #publicaffairs #foreignaffairs #brexit #trade
Brexit the song that suits it ...PHIL COLLINS..LAND OF CONFUSION should re-lease it.
*Looks at the conference motion of GE or second referendum that's been publically Labour policy for months* wHaTs cOrbYn dOiNg
Tory ministers have used taxpayer cash to fund a secretive hard-Brexit pressure group, now led by outspoken government critic Jacob Rees-Mogg&gt;
Why is he laughing? He has TRUMP for a president! I'll take Brexit chaos every time.
Don’t rely on Germany to solve Brexit, it doesn’t need to help Britain | Alan Posenor | Opinion | The Guardian
They are doing everything they can to make us vote again. We need to accept they might just make it happen. There needs to be a discussion about what is on the ballot paper.....
Brexit will absolutely fine. No job loses at all
I’m struggling with ‘s demand to take no-deal off the table. It’s either, take the deal, no-deal Brexit or no brexit. Effectively he is agreeing to the existing deal unless the UK can negotiate a different one (which they can’t) Am I missing something?
So you are against Brexit but you support the party that created Brexit, used 1.5 billion bribe to negotiate bexit badly and had the biggest defeat in british politics... Do you find yourself self harming after voting for them?
Given the opposition she is braving from within and outside her party and the treacherous path of #brexit she is walking alone, is the new #ironlady of the #UK
No point in talking, then.
British army reservists called up to help prepare for no-deal Brexit
GBP: May Back In Brexit Talks After Dramatic 48 Hours | #GBP #pound #uk #england #poundsterling #forex #fx #trading #trade #livetradenews #trader
"For anyone who genuinely does not wish to stop Brexit and does not want a 2nd referendum, this is only the only deal." But we, your constituency, do not want Brexit. Your job is to represent us. You have chosen to fail in that duty.
This is just the beginning. There was no #Brexit dividend, just a cost and it has to be paid by someone. As the old voted for it, it had to hit pensioners first Government ‘sneaks out’ £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote
..show that the truck, which transported milk powder, stopped on the tracks when the train was already arriving and it was too late to stop.. #Trump #QAnon #News #Brexit #TrumpTrain #BuildTheWall #2A #1A #QARMY #Q #ThursdayMorning #GOP
This #Brexit thing, is it not time that members of the Fouth Estate started commenting the #SPIN that #Political parties as well as #MPs of all parties are now using, #EmmanuelMacron has said #British #people were sold a #lie over #Brexit and I think we still are!
BIG LETTERS CORBYN IS FIGHTING FOR REMAIN AND LEAVE LABOUR ARE THE ONLY PARTY CAPABLE OF TURNING TORY FOR THE FEW BREXIT INTO BREXIT #FORTHEMANY FCKING SICK N TIRED OF WEATHERVANE
There is some truth in what you say. He's enormously capable and reasonably balanced. But by destabilising the middle east, and by shredding the people's trust that immigration concerns were being taken seriously, he is the British individual most responsible for Brexit.
Agree with this analysis except the bit about the PV which will derail the Corbyn project not enhance it. In this political tug of war the momentum is heading left, Corbyn needs to build LP solidarity around a coherent, differentiated soft Brexit plan NOW. Remain is not feasible
In a Nutshell
Maybe meet her and tell her yourself
Because the Leave campaign did not offer a single leave plan. There were umpteen leave options even before negotiations began. This has left MPs pushing their version of Brexit. The referendum was too vague on the precise meaning of leave.
I hold my British cousins in high regard &amp; “remain” hopeful they will show other democracies that Brits can lead others out of a mess. Given votes this week, I can see why u r not hopeful. Also, media doing a terrible job giving average Brexit Joe too much air time.
Theresa May has opened talks to end the Brexit stalemate and is prepared to the blur the 'red lines' she said she would never cross via
agree
newscientist : Rational thinking is saving antibiotics – it could work on Brexit too (via Twitter
There would undoubtedly be rebels against a Labour whip but, as the argument in favour gains traction, the temptation to rebel is reduced. MPs for pro-Brexit areas need to be able to look their constituents in the eye, but not all feel personally committed to a pro-Brexit stance.
Factbox: UK PM May’s Brexit ‘plan B’ – What happens next in parliament?
Beyond the Brexit pantomime | openDemocracy
Larry Elliott's Brexit analysis is always based on the assumption that Brexit must inevitably be followed by Corbyn getting into power. The (far more likely) case of Brexit Britain being led by Tory free-market extremists never gets a look-in.
Disgraceful health secretary. Why is this office only held by incompetent individuals?!
so no lube then?
... as ever
Rory Stewart always seems to talk sense. Pragmatic is what out politicians need to be. #brexit #BrexitChaos
#Thurdaymotivation #Brexit for a #PeoplesVote and to #Remain
It's normal from remainers
Breaking: PM to meet for Brexit talks with DUP, ERG, WTF, FFS and PMSL.
This week’s Brexit chaos means EU citizens living and working in UK, and UK citizens living in other EU states face prolonged uncertainty. I’ve just spoken in European Parliament calling on &amp; to resolve this without delay.
Another #UK #PrimeMinister could lose office over #Brexit in latest Moody's flowchart of possible outcomes going forward after failed #BrexitVote
*ouch*
Let’s remember who wanted #Brexit.
Point to a person wanting a 2nd vote who doesn't just want to reverse the brexit decision Say it as it is, Chuka - you don't have to go through the hassle of a 2nd vote - just argue your case with your boss and convince him to have a policy of reversing brexit.
The lot of them make me sick
BBCNEWS 5:50am NEW BREXIT VOTE
Exemplifying #GATSociology, erstwhile colleague now Kim Lane Scheppele offers the kind of visionary but grounded engagement we can expect of a #sociology addressing #Brexit.
Which version of proper Brexit out of interest?
Remainers: 2016 #Brexit referendum was invalidated by lies and misinformation and flouting of spending regulations! Also Remainers: we must allow a second Referendum! (under the same rules that allowed lies and misinformation and flouting of spending regulations last time around)
Phone just autocorrected ‘brexit’ to ‘bezoar’. Good to see I’ve got my conversational priorities in order.
"We'll cancel Brexit before we leave with no deal" Oh my god I just ruled it out! How the fuck did I do that?! Quick ring parliament!
Shrodinger's Brexit
I don't think the pre-condition is particularly much to ask considering the only people baying for a no-deal brexit are weird libertarians. I also think the full quote given does follow your "softer brexit" roadmap
"These are my principles, and if you don't like them... I've got others." Groucho Marx. Some of the most accurate words with which to describe the PM and her idiotic Party.
I'm pretty sure or has a graphic for this?
Are they sure they're right about this? I've been led to believe all democracy in existence died sometime in June 2016? :P
Ouch #JC4PM #Brexit #PeoplesVote
This should say is ..What ‘no deal’ Brexit really means,in the opinion of the no deal supporting Daily Telegraph,surely? No attempt to even mask what is just propaganda.
Part two of this landmark survey uncovers UK firm's top choice for relocation. Meanwhile continental firms haven't even heard of the FCA's plan for continued access. Part three will be published next week! #Brexit #Amsterdam #financialservices
#Brexit! The plans have been set. The budgets put in place. Our big business, a lot of our medium business and the most savvy small businesses have plans in place. And most are shifting business out of the country! All this money fleeing the country will bankrupt the rest! #FBPE
The tories haven't accepted the facts that they lost 50 M.P.s at the last election and that they are a minority administration totally reliant on a confidence and supply deal with the DUP. A little humility might help Theresa. It's in the National interest!
Timely #Brexit
Forget the political melodrama. What matters most are the deep weaknesses in our democracy that Brexit has exposed – and which extend across Europe. Great piece by editor-in-chief
Also, if #Corbyn ran on a Pro-#Brexit manifesto, numerous MPs would resign. I've also read that if doesn't support a #PeoplesVote soon, then members of the Shadow Cabinet will start resigning.
The latest The Cultural diversity Daily! Thanks to #brexit #diversity
Difficult to avoid the topics #Brexit, #BrexitShambles, #BrexitVote these days, especially as #TheresaMay and #JeremyCorbyn continue refusing to act like grown-ups via
So you’ll have faith in in any future #NoConfidenceMotion? The and showing again why they can never be trusted. What does say about this? Not the way to get #PeoplesVote. #ScotRef #BREXIT
Done
she left Newmans due to her campaigning of brexit. Something she denies but she flouted their policy.
This.
She'll not stop until we have No Brexit, just like she aims for and always has aimed for. #Revolutiontime?
A new YouGov poll reveals 56 per cent of voters would choose Remain if given the chance in a fresh referendum. So, would you vote to leave or remain in the EU in a new referendum? #EU #referendum #TheresaMay
The Malign Incompetence of the British Ruling Class #History #memory #Brexit #Britain
The House of Commons - and probably entire political system (House of Lords, LOL) - must seem so barmy to the outside world.
People make the 'majority voted for parties with Brexit in their manifesto' argument. Well, the 'manifesto' for Vote Leave said that there would be a deal to ensure a smooth transition. People did not vote for No Deal. Period.
Theresa May: "I want to meet and talk about Brexit with other party leaders" All leaders: "Let's talk about Brexit" Theresa May: "No" She's not willing to discuss anything which might upset the ERG, and she was found out in less than 24 hours #Brexit
BREAKING: UK prime minister pushes for cross-party #Brexit consensus. 'Can we all just agree that this is one mega clusterf**k with no winners?' Theresa May quips. #BrexitShambles #BrexitVote
I don't know, brexit is pretty dumb, but I think we've got you beat.
THIS:
Eurotunnel: Traffic will flow after No Deal Brexit
I to voted remain, however since the Brexit negotiations began I realised how untrustworthy the EU were, if there was another vote I would vote OUT, I think the EU are crumbling anyway and do not want to go down with the ship..........
explains why a #NoDealBrexit is not an option for a #greeneruk.
DUP &gt;&gt;Brexit: Taking no-deal option off the table ‘bonkers’
Corbyn Will Decide Fate of Brexit, Whether He Wants to or Not
McCaw would get a job in the shop he wants to loot in order to be there before anyone else.. #OnSide
that was probably the best call I've heard in over 2 years of Brexit... Didn't get his name, think he was American... Fantastic.
PR rule #1 Deflection away from real story. Sort Brexit. It's your job. The weak opposition should make that easier for you. Then get on with homelessness, NHS underfunding and declining schools.
Any additional charge? #brexit #insurance #greencard
We’re in the situation that we’re in and your refusing to take part in negotiation.... deplorable. #notfittolead #brexit
3 steps to #brexit sanity
With such a close result, the only logical "will of the people" would have been a soft brexit. He should have championed it, we'd now be discussing the details and he'd be PM. In other words, he should have respected the true will of the people and opposed this Tory shitshow.
On the contrary, I don't think there's been any expectation they would have any influence, the point is they need to have tried - and be seen to have tried - almost everything possible to thwart Brexit.
If Boris Johnson had promised Bloodborne 2 on the side of a bus I'd probably have voted for Brexit tbh.
Honestly I think there needs to be a Trial By Combat to solve Brexit. It's the only way to truly choose between Remain and Leave. I'm gonna suggest vs .
I am still quite cross with Brexit x
There is NO SUCH THING as a '[Labour] alternative Brexit plan'.. not one that the #EU 27 would negotiate: further talks are off the table. When are Labour MPs going to call Corbyn out on his unicorn BS?
City Hall has not changed its spots. The Mayor's office has no relevance and is redundant to our requirements. The anti gov't spirit of Ken Livingstone lingers on.
..Claire claims she got lost over Thanksgiving 2015 when she went running in Kansas City during a visit to her brother.. #Trump #QAnon #News #Brexit #TrumpTrain #BuildTheWall #2A #1A #QARMY #Q #ThursdayMorning #GOP
So in effect the EU loving Lib Dems are going to prop up a Government that refuses to take 'A no deal brexit' off the table! That is also totally against a 2 referendum. Reeks of the previous tuition fees farce. Talk about selling out your members to gain power. FBPE karma.
Nothing says ‘Believe in Britain’ than flying the national flag upside down. #brexit
Now - more than ever - we need transparency. Love the idea of reaching out to skeptics (like me) to talk about a United Ireland. Who is funding this event and organization? Anyone know? 2000 people is a lot of folks to feed at the Waterfront. #Think32
He voted to end his job as Mep as did the British people. #Brexit
Tickets on sale now:
#StopBrexit The majority do not want Brexit
DUP &gt;&gt;Brexit: Taking no-deal option off the table ‘bonkers’
Millions of UK drivers will need 'Green Card' to drive in EU in case of no-deal Brexit
Check out the zoomers' response.
a highly regarded opinion writer, conservative (never Trumper), at times quite controversial. But not always.
But they’re dead? Why should we allow the dead to influence the outcome of one of the most important decisions in modern politics. Brexit has gone on for 2yrs and failed miserably. Just as we do with GE’s every 4-5yrs, it is time to put this back to the public.
He fooled me once with his pretence of being Labour, never again. The man is a Tory through and through and evil personified.
Wrong!! Brexit is not problematic at all, it is made so by Extreme Remainiacs determined, at all costs, to have their way. As a consequence they are prepared to delegitimise valid voting in whatever way they see fit. It won't end well.
At which they will vote exactly the same as they did this week. Hard Brexit it is then.
How about Tories and Labour agree to have different leaders just to see us through Brexit and then we can go back to the ones we have (unless we don’t want to)? (Automatic block for anyone on either side of divide taking umbrage at this and telling me how great their leader is)
The stumbling block in Brexit Is Leo Varadkars power grab of NORTHERN IRELAND that is the only problem We would have a had a Canada free trade deal on the cards by now Face the fact This is the problem rep of Ireland veto
How many of those MPs voted LEAVE and respect the people's vote? 52% of them? If you don't represent us then you are causing the deadlock. We just want what we voted for. You refuse to honour your promises to deliver it.
Not a terribly grown up attitude is it?
Glad to see David Cameron putting his down time to good use since Brexit kicked off...
..“all this data could be mined to train facial recognition algorithms on age progression and age recognition”.. #Trump #QAnon #News #Brexit #TrumpTrain #BuildTheWall #2A #1A #QARMY #Q #ThursdayMorning #GOP
Pressure and privilege - sound words indeed on working collaboratively and managing risk in our response to the Environment Principles and Governance debate #EnviornmentBill
The historical significance of Theresa May’s Brexit defeat - BBC History Magazine
On Saturday the UK turns remain. Parliament must force a second referendum #brexit #PeoplesVote
Shouldn’t have voted to trigger Article 50 then, should you, you numpty?
Read: Local MPs &amp; have spoken about a dramatic 48 hours in Parliament.
As Policy Lead for the Sanger Institute, it has been job to understand the impact that #Brexit will have on our science. Here, she discusses why Brexit gives UK science cause for concern #TogetherScienceCan
i will slate her cos she is FUCKING SHIT AT HER JOB. honestly dunno how u can defend her she is one of the worst prime minister’s we’ve ever had, that article literally says yes she can take a no deal off the table but she is just refusing to. she doesn’t give a shit
Fuck off
The Brexit negotiation was never a conventional negotiation. It is and always has been a choice. We can keep close to Europe’s rules and be like Norway. Or make our own rules and be like Canada. Tony Blair responds to the #BrexitVote (Thread 1/4)
Not to mention, #vincecable said last night on newsnight (after being pressed repeatedly by ) that there is no compromise for the LDs - they want no #Brexit
If there is a PV all hard &amp; no-deal options ruled out first - these are all untenable &amp; catastrophic. In a possible PV have 2 options: a soft brexit &amp; Remain.
If d mood is “let’s all sort this mess out”...her party MPs should have thought of this b4 voting against her Brexit deal &amp; by d way it’s not JC that got us into this mess in d first place. After calling him all sorts of names I think he did d right thing by not taking to d PM.
Theresa May faces a mass walkout of ministers if she orders them to stop Parliament taking control over Brexit. #PeoplesVote #Brexit
What will satisfy the Tory rebels? See below ...
Brexit: Conservative MPs launch push for fresh referendum as one admits ‘we created this mess’ - The Independent
You did not know that the UK was an island and it relies on the Calais-Dover crossing. You were part of the cabinet which negotiated this deal. If anything is bad for Britain that is you and #Brexit
Brexit would never have happened if the pro-Brexit politicians had not lied about “getting back control”!
UK #HousePrices fall at fastest rate in six years on back of Brexit. Outlook for sales the weakest in two decades, say Britain’s surveyors. #PropertyNews
No deal it is then! Good :-)
Absolutely shocking, the uk people are being walked all over!
I don't see any way how the EU can force the UK not to leave with 'no deal', it is the UK that insists on leaving. Having an indefinite extension to art 50 with all the uncertainty is not good for anyone. Will the UK ever know what it wants from Brexit, something realistic?
What brexit option would be put in a 2nd ref #PeoplesVote if both Theresa May's crap deal&amp; #NoDealBrexit have already been ruled out by our Sovereign (Parliament)? Is there enough time for a PV anyway? Also,Executive are only ones who can action one? The PV makes no sense #GTTO
Macron has problems of his own at home, but he's pretty clear-eyed about ours...
May will stick to Brexit 'principles' in cross-party talks: translated that means she'll be as intransigent and dim as the rest of her Nasty Party colleagues...
Wow. This is what they are resorting to. #brexit
She's clueless and who is funding you?
Advice on Brexit: risk assessment - background, economics, commercial considerations, supply chain audit, contractual audit and negotiations
Today Jeremy Corbyn has insisted no deal be taken off the table. And he's been to Hastings. Nicola Sturgeon has been to parliament to legitimise the worst govt in history and insisted no deal be taken off the table. But Corbyn is a self-serving time waster? #Brexit
Solved Brexit. Instead of the controversial Second Referendum. We go all in, and have a second and third referendum. Make it a best of three. Gives us all a chance to spend another year doing bugger all but yap about leaving too. Win win.
Sun Tzu would have had a field day with Brexit
Not if the no-deal Brexit is the result of the EUs intransigence. BTW, I would be a supporter of May's deal and I regret it was not passed.
. Personally I think the dice should be rolled, but the point made seems a good one. Joe public needs to understand what it will actually take to stop a no deal Brexit.
The risk of a no-deal Brexit looms large
Brexit Brexit!
The Brexit brouhaha brings to mind a Show of Hands song shared by a few years back. "Roots" includes this gem of a line: I've lost St. George in the Union Jack; It's my flag, too, and I want it back.
Did you not read the article at all. The Irish deputy prime minister was caught on microphone saying the republic will impose a hard border in the event of a no deal brexit. Jesus christ fella read the news article.
All the more important you stand for office then. Be the change you want to see in the world. I don’t deny the sincerity of your beliefs, but I do fear that Brexit will not work out for your best interests. And that will really shake you.
Rest of Europe: UK...you have around 2 years to negotiate an exit deal with us UK: Time is not something I acknowledge #10yrchallenge #Brexit
You stick to sitting down with your bum chums in the IRA, Hamas and Hezbollah.
Agree with this and the quote which fits this Brexit scandal is contained within it. "malign incompetence". Also points to the pernicious attitudes that some public schools encourage.
Parliament voted down primer minister's plan for Brexit — in a big way. But they voted to keep Theresa May in office. The UK is due to leave the European Union on March 29, 2019. So. What now?
A semi-Brexit, with just England and Wales leaving the EU, is the solution | Kim Lane Scheppele
Leave means "Leaving Single Market" (FROM THE CAMPAIGN) via // Despite what #Remainers #LibDems &amp; other fantasists now allege, there was NEVER any doubt that #Brexit would involve leaving the #SingleMarket. That's whole point, trade on #WTO
Interesting: Millions of EU citizens can't access personal records, high court told
Performing Britain Festival 29/30 March, Leeds Website coming soon... #Performance #Art #Brexit #Britain #Goodbyes
Nobody wants no deal on either side, keeping it on the table is nothing short of reckless. And I think party politics plays a role in it too, if he did it he'd be slated by the remain types like me. Any brexit deal is a bad one but unless it goes back to the people in one way...
#May struggles to keep #Brexit on track as deadlock continues
John Prescott to thump an MP every hour on the hour until Brexit gets sorted
To be honest I wouldn’t build anything in brexit Britain either
well the Irish are used to being screwed over by Britain but in the 21st century, they have a support system that will allow them to deal with it more easily. they also get some advantages from brexit and the long dreamt of prospect of the end of partition comes closer sooner
CORRECTcc
Go in and see her and add Yvette Cooper on to your team
On the basis Jeremy Corbyn is very comfortable being 'present but not involved' in events, I don't see why he doesn't just turn up to #Brexit talks with and stand quietly at the back of the room....
#Ireland #NorthernIreland #UK #EU #Brexit --&gt; Checks on both sides of Irish border ‘mandatory under no-deal Brexit’
If you’re a Locksmith in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a mess for you. If you live in the West Midlands then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this mess! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
If Brexit happens and we stay in the customs union and single market.... that would mean that all Brexit does is remove our ability to influence the rules we follow No thanks, let’s keep our vote, our veto, our£billions annual rebate and opt outs Stop Brexit #RevokeArt50
How a Playwright Made Sense of Brexit
Takes away any leverage May has over remainers/soft brexiters/Labour - no incentive for them to sign up to her deal, so likely stops Brexit, unless the new "remain cliff edge" gets the ERG on board for her deal. I'm ok with that, not sure she is
#Brexit Nothing to do with house prices and market. It's the economy STUPID! Oh yeah and the fact that we know and his buddies will bail #Nram and out. As for the 'Young aspirational families?' Just turn them into JAMs
Some people are getting concerned the plane isn't going to nail the landing on this tropical paradise island of riches (that's somehow simultaneously the UK in the 1950s) called #brexit they were promised.
imfact isnt coming to the uk during their europe tour i blame brexit
After 5 days of debate in which MPs tell the house of commons and the nation exactly what they like and don't like about the deal, a government minister asks them to say exactly what they like and don't like about the deal. Alice is in Dreamland #brexit #stopbrexit
Brexit turmoil: investors gambling with the pound are just flipping a coin
Good to see now following Jeremy Corbyn’s stance from yesterday. #Brexit
"Pleased to have the opportunity to again impress upon the Govt the importance of policing and security to any potential deal, both for the UK and the EU. This week’s parliamentary events have not changed that simple fact" -
While the PM is talking to all the other Remainer politicians, most hell bent on cancelling the democratic vote of the Ref, she might do well to talk to her rebels, the 118 &amp; ask them what they want. A united Tory &amp; DUP could end our Brexit woes so the nation can get on with life
So, what’s Labour’s Brexit position? Lib Dems want Remain and People’s Vote. No point working with pro-Leave Corbyn.
It’s #BREXIT which is damaging the UK
Far more worrying is the cash flooding back into Leave right now...here’s the Brexit Grid Girls from Tuesday
Why would we broadcast to Europe that they have us over a barrel?
5. The estimated data from the ONS is based on people BORN in the European Union countries. There will be people, like me, who are citizens of European Union countries but not born there. This is true esp. after Brexit with people trying to get EU citizenship.
She is going to try and eke out another couple of weeks in No.10, while delivering nothing but soundbites. Simple
Petition: Brexit re article 50 it must not be suspended/stopped under any circumstances
I’m speaking on Brexit in Sheffield tomorrow - all welcome!
The continuing malaise over #Brexit has exacerbated fears of a ‘no-deal’, which our recent confidence index showed 81% of freelancers are opposed to. IPSE's latest comment in
As far as I know I am not dead yet. Stop your rubbish leftie Polly ffs #peoplesvote #Brexit
Labour's Tom Watson touched on the mood of the country with his closing remarks of the no confidence motion. It is a shame the Tories didn’t listen. #Brexit #TheresaMay #toriesout #JC4PM2019 #NoDealBrexit #ToryBritain
Well, maybe that was the reason why it was mentioned in the Brexit campaign.
From Day 1 I always thought that "accidental no deal" caused by the EU overplaying it's hand was a huge risk, indeed the most likely option. Interesting thread on why No Deal is still very much alive...
I’d love to see the tories out and I’d love to stop this brexit nonsense, but with the brinkmanship and lack of direction, no deal exit is currently the most likely outcome. All this “we have to take no-deal off the table” stuff is disingenuous (i.e. lying).
The EU think The current "Deal" is a "hard brexit" .Barnet has stated he'll only renegotiate with a softer "more closer relationship" approach.
#Backstop is hoax! Rotterdam checks WTO livestock 30 miles from port. Verstehen Sie, bitte, Remainers wanting to thwart Brexit? WTO &amp; HMRC say no need to do checks at border. We already have invisible border for excise/vat/tax/currency. Why not talk to ?
Irish goodbye is to leave without saying goodbye. #Brexit goodbye is to say goodbye without leaving.
May is acting like a neo-fascist with all this talk about the "will of the people". As if the ones who did not vote for Brexit don't count.
Brexit was unthinkable. Trump was unthinkable. Go easy on using the language that doesn't make a distinction between a visionary and a psychopath.
I reckon you might need a few more if brexit doesn't happen
OK, folks... finally was well enough to record my promised Word for the UK. All things worked just great and it turned out we are releasing the video in a pivotal week for Brexit. Stay tuned as we drop it...
Democracy? Either it died on 23/6/16 or we stop brexit because EVERY poll shows the majority want us to remain now.
You motioned an in-party no confidence in her, you voted against her deal Yet you’re putting the country in jeopardy with the threat of a no deal brexit looming over us Shameful
Shameful actions by remainers
With age comes the need to recalibrate our expectations.
&amp; Be aware your questions at #FMQs this week were partisan &amp; totally inappropriate. As answered you have asked for enquiries &amp; all of these have been accepted /agreed. Scots are in peril due to WM/Brexit. PROTECTING Scots is your job
He shouldn’t have supported #Brexit then. He knows there is s financial cost. This is just the beginning.
DUP want a deal but think it rather silly to take no deal off the table during negotiations &gt;&gt;Brexit: Taking no-deal option off the table ‘bonkers’
Which sounds as though it would be a choice between a Tory Brexit or a Labour Brexit. If true Corbyn knows this is a complete betrayal of the 80% of party members &amp; the large majority of supporters &amp; voters who all want to #StopBrexit #RevokeA50 #Remain.
I get it now. It's unfathomable that Labour are continuing to be a brexit party. At times like this, I feel very lucky to be Scottish.
Dr Savvas Savouri told today that Guernsey should be showing the UK how it's done when it comes to #Brexit. I was reminded of an article written back in 2015 by Daniel Hannan. .
You already did, old bean! You and one-term Don . Not forgetting Vlad the Putin #Brexit
How to get the best exchange rate whether a Brexit deal is secured or not
What brexit option would be put in a 2nd ref #PeoplesVote if both Theresa May's crap deal&amp; #NoDealBrexit have already been ruled out by our Sovereign (Parliament)? Is there enough time for a PV anyway? Also,Executive are only ones who can action one? The PV makes no sense #GTTO
Mays Brexit plan B and A ?Perhaps
Brexit warning to Canadians that manufacturing political division has economic consequences: Don Pittis | CBC News
excellent suggestion
Theres no way the majority will agree on anything though, regardless if its incompetent May or bickering Labour that has no real plan, second referendum or straight up ignoring the 1st one is the only way to avoid no deal brexit I fear...
Hear, bloody hear!
Sorry if I'm robotic. Johnson isn't talking about delaying Brexit at the moment is he?
Leaving Financial Services Out In The Cold: Why May's Brexit Defeat Doesn't Matter
Don’t be silly. How come Brexit is making everyone so stupid?
#Brexit Latest #This Chancellor, in common with other MP’s is distorting events. Not in a democratic way, but an underhand way with big business.
Ah yes those famous YouGov polls. I quote '...found YouGov’s survey of 1,000 adults, which was commissioned by the People’s Vote campaign but conducted independently.' 1070 people, asked online by 'The People's Vote' and only 54% said they support it! It is an utter joke.
The lovely was on this morning talking about the latest development regarding #TheresaMay and #Brexit : #Representing #JHUK #NigeriaDecides #AfricanDiaspora #BritishAfrica #BritishAfrican
or another, brexit will happen. But no deal should be avoided at any cost
In which Chanka Mishra savages the chumocracy that Britain has become, drawing a line from the bloodbath that was the Indian partition to the Irish border today. Rollicking read.
Gerrymandering - inward investment into the EU is shifting to France and Germany , whilst the UK is still the number one location we've lost ground for the first time ever to France and Germany. Thanks again, Brexiter.
Disagree. My biggest problem with leaving the EU is that people voted to leave a) based on claims that have turned out to be...inaccurate &amp; b) surely those who voted leave did so believing that Brexit could be achieved without doing lasting damage to U.K. economy, security etc?
One would think that by now you would have learned to keep quiet on what Putin did or did not do in light of more information. Yes Brexit is in significant part a product of xenophobic demagoguery. Yes false Leave campaigns were in fact spread by Russia.
Personally I think any impact will be short lived, regardless of which 'Type of #Brexit' we end up with. As a fully Independant Nation we will have control of more economic levers to try to mitigate the impact.
UK PM May seeks Brexit fix in talks with rivals
not forgetting... "ensure... "to Ensure"...."ensuring"... "working hard to deliver what people voted for"..."delivering on Brexit"...."committed to working towards"...etc....
The next scam is to give people a choice of four options, the fourth being remain and the other three to spread the leave vote! Disgusting - big big changes need &amp; the house needs a mass influx of new people.
Also see SNP and catastrophic Brexit , against will of Scottish vote etc etc BUT Brexit strengthens hand for Indy so best not fight too hard
I wish you would stop talking about what is or isn’t on your fucking table and start talking to the government about actual practical ways forward to get us out of this mess.
a silly mp who is deluded still foolishly supporting Leave. Brexit will stagnate our economy and will ruin the opportunities for the younger generation. Britain's are waking up to the mess Brexit will bring. Britain is now remain. #Death2Brexit #stopbrexit
Can’t help thinking Tom Watson and Michael Gove are making leadership bids rather than talking about Brexit
You're projecting your own character flaws onto Corbyn.
France triggers 'hard #Brexit' plan as no-deal exit is more and more likely
The conspiracy by MPs of all sides to avoid any form of #brexit , no matter what, continues apace. I pray our electorate unseats every single one of the arrogant bastards at our next election. Let's start over and get integrity into our democracy.
London Labour &amp; join 's call for Brexit's Article 50 to be revoked then for the usual demands of a general election or #PeoplesVote. NB: The EU has said it would allow an extension of Art. 50 for either of these things, revoking goes further
When JRM first went live with yesterday morning and said "Oh I'm often on with Mr Ferrari" did anyone else shout "Oh Fuck off Jacob you twat" at their radio? #brexit #PeoplesVote #lbc
No Deal Brexit set to be blocked within days reveals Chancellor in leaked call
May Battles To Keep Brexit On Track After No-confidence Win
Brexit Update: City of #London Prepares for Worst, Hopes for Best
No-deal Brexit: what would this mean for your travel bookings, currency exchange and duty free?
Corbyn couldn't even be bothered to attend the PMs Brexit discussion last night so you would have to be mad to think he could run the UK.
Andy Serkis is Positively Terrifying as Theresa May-Gollum Hybrid in 'Bohemian Rhapsody' Brexit Parody: Watch #music #musicnews #billboard
German industry warns of No Deal 'abyss': As a No Deal #Brexit approaches, European business and… #Politics
Scathing...
Well u have got a long effing wait ..... she dont need you So put your dummy back in. Brexit WILL happen so stop spouting bollox
I'm more surprised his supporters areas thick as they are. Why would you take a no deal Brexit of the table and show your hand to the EU. Do you retards think that is how you should negotiate? By showing the EU your hand? Unbelievable.
Sadly, the UK is stuck b/n one Brexit party, enjoying the fruits of what we know was a Russian influence campaign, and Corbyn's own Russia-apologism. And ironically in a debate over "sovereignty". #FireCorbyn
Take Brexit off the table
What would a no-deal Brexit mean for your pension?
If you only read one non-Brexit thing today...
He has already committed political suicide by backing the #Tories on #Brexit since June 2016.
This is true. I’m also so tired of hearing that my vote for him helped translate into “80% of people voted for parties who promised to deliver Brexit”. Won’t be fooled again.
Macron is more honest about #Brexit than either May or Corbyn can manage. Voters were lied to, no amount of political finagling and patriotic thinking will get the deal they were promised, and the country will pay the price of that lie.
About time Corbyn took a walk he’s obstructing Brexit
SACK HIM,NOW!!!!!
hope u + the party can appreciate the work that Gina put in on ensuring that Parliament would get a meaningful vote + the continued work Gina does 2 uphold UK Parliament's democratic right's Remember to give credit where it is due, Gina ensured order respect that
Fuck Brexit let’s take it back to what we do best.
Badjala from Tibet has a greater understanding of Brexit than most Brits
has the guts to say that the referendum was a manipulation by outside forces which is true if you look at the campaign funding and CA, AIQ manipulations but no uk politicians talk of it.
I'm not surprised to read this. I know and others have done a great job of highlighting the human cost of brexit, I just had a conversation with a highly educated Brit about #brexodus who told me that i'm scaremongering.
Plan B on Jan 29 is going to look an awful lot like Plan A on Jan 15. 1. Erskine &amp; May say you can’t do that 2. Isn’t this a perfect example of what the PM claims to deplore - asking people to vote again because they got it wrong the first time around?
I’ve now had enough of #Remoaners doing everything they can to delay #Brexit why can’t we just leave now ? A deal and the only deal I want is #NoDeal not half in half out
he just wants to stop brexit, his proposals don't solve any major food trade issues between RoI &amp; GB/NI, only scenario that works for him &amp; RoI is we stay in SM &amp; CU. I hear they have a new super ferry all the same, less lorry traffic on British motorways is a win win I suppose
Agreed. However anyone feels about Brexit, no deal is purely a "watching the world burn from a position of financial security" option
Correct Shilts we should have a Brexiteer PM not Remainer in who works for the EU &amp; not the British people that's why we're still in the EU.
Either a People's Vote or just cancel the whole thing and pretend it never happened.
I think the real Q is: 'How likely are we to wander into a no deal Brexit by accident because no-one can agree on anything else?' Not impossible, as that's pretty much how May remains PM.
Of course the Tory press will now try to paint you as the "stubborn Brexit villan", now !
I'm short call spreads at $1.33/1.335 for the $6B_f for $50/contract credit. 8 Feb EXP, placed the trade not for the Brexit but because of its price movement and the long term trend. My approach combines a #macro theme, #TrendFollowing into mechanics. #ItReallyWorks
I just don’t get it. How can you reach a Brexit deal with TM. It’s the EU you have to reach a deal with??
BBC News - No-deal Brexit warning for UK drivers
Please also consider this that occurred last night - May refuses to give assurance to Corbyn in public whilst Hammond gives private assurances to business.
Tony Blair is a part of the reason we’ve ended up with Corbyn at Labours helm and part of the reason some voted for Brexit. Tony Blair should shut his trap and realise he is hated by many across both political sides.
No rows over brexit? No meltdowns? No attention seeking dramas? Blimey.
Subscribe Here to get a few chapters for FREE from the book Please #RT #gold #silver #stocks #trading #trades #markets #Investing #today #rich #education #hope #dreams #Giveaway #free #positivity #focus #goals #life #money #success #fun #levelup #brexit
Checks on both sides of Irish border ‘mandatory under no-deal Brexit’
Yeah, just ignore the fact Scotland voted against brexit- hard. Simple
just fucking resign, you useless fucking cunt!
"An up-to-the-elbow-Brexit."
In which James Corbett recommends and convo on #brexit here:
Are your Terms and Conditions ready for Brexit? Our next webinar with Brian Auld and Sukhdeep Thandi focuses on the topic of Terms and Conditions. Make sure you register to understand the importance, follow the link
What an absolute idiot!!
Just tell him his fishermen cannot fish in our waters, if he thought the yellow jacket people were trouble the fishermen are the ones he is scared of.
Can we make a deal for next season's , ... If VAR is used in the Premiership can you spend no time discussing any VAR decisions after games. Reviewing reviews is as tedious as Brexit. I hate VAR but hate VAR highlights even more. Ta
in which the inevitable dissolution of the UK under Brexit would be averted by allowing the two leave nations to go and the two remain nations to stay. (Obviously London and Manchester would need to join Scotland or Northern Ireland).
Good to hear this:
With Berger saying it would be a betrayal for Labour to back any Brexit at all, just pointing out with grim inevitability that she voted for an in/out referendum on EU membership.
"You might as well try to convince creationists of the Theory of Evolution using scientific essays."
The next throw of the dice...#Brexit
No-deal Brexit: why it could create the perfect buying opportunity for property
As I keep trying to point out to the deluded
#WTO the only other legal route to leave the EU in article 50. And they signed up to it #Brexit
Oh if only. The idea of an ancient solar-powered still opposing any #Brexit deal 49 years from now makes me smile.
Gammon is a pejorative term used in British political culture since around 2012, In 2018 it became particularly known as a term to describe WHITE people, especially those on the political right or who supported Brexit, whose SKIN appears pink-faced when emotional.
Thanks for retweet,. If you learn anything interesting re Brexit at the Colloque, let me know! Wish I was with you....seeing Clement Beaune next week at a Chatham House dinner
Well no, because Remainers should just campaign for the status quo, which is the best deal we have or are likely to have. This will not go away even if Brexit happens, the UKs relationship with Europe will always be in flux.
I love this one. Turns out that David Davis has neither a good eye NOR a steady hand.
On anglesey, lack of stock, especially on anything with character, means prices are definitely not softening. All about the second homes market, especially in coastal villages. No sign of this abating yet, but will Cheshire money get nervous of no deal #Brexit...?
Hammond should of been sacked from the beginning
Remain. Brexit won’t *actually* happen
Opinion | The Malign Incompetence of the British Ruling Class - The New York Times
And Brexit itself runs the risk of Partition Part Trois as it risk the breakup of the UK
Read this article from Tony Blair
Tell MPs: work cross-party to fix Brexit. Add your name now via
Hi and , - could my tweet below not provide a roadmap through the current deadlock? Could someone ask the powers that be, I’m sure you all know them all?
Quite right. It’s not all about May and Corbyn, it’s about the future of our country
Brexit warning to Canadians that manufacturing political division has economic consequences: Don Pittis - CBC News Isn’t this how wars start?
God it worrying when you agree with Farage
"Brexit is mostly an internal policy"
Sitting in the corner &amp; not talking to anyone shows weakness from Corbyn. #Brexit
Bosh, go on ladies! #Brexit #Brexiteers #NoDeal #NoDealNoProblem #LetsGoWTO
VIDEO: Blair on Corbyn &amp; #Brexit. 'If I was him I would of course go and talk to her... But what's the point of talking if [PM is] ruling out all the compromises before we begin the talks?' Mr Blair also tells me we are in 'an extraordinary mess'. 1/3
Sounds a good song for Brexit.
Jeremy Corbyn is refusing to hold Brexit talks with the Prime Minister - until she rules out the option of a no-deal. #HeartNews
*** #livuni students : one more day to vote *** Take 10 seconds to help make the voice of young people heard on the way out of the Brexit mess.
Yes, yes I do. Because people don't have an actual clue about the benefits of brexit, unless of course you could enlighten us without using the whole "we want to run ourselves" nonsense.
The only way...
Your ideological fucking purity is not more important than my uninterrupted access to insulin, my old son
He's got it and he doesnt want any thanks #BrexitSolved . Now can we get back to work and start dealing with the real issues .
Perfect summary of the disaster movie we seem to find ourselves in.
Brilliant idea, they must have been reading my mind! #Brexit #Referendum #stv
Hear, hear! Chris Bickerton's firmly demolishes the underlying dangerous self-regard of those seeking to elevate technocracy over democracy (Should only the votes of the "knowledgeable" people count as legitimte?)
So, for the right honourable right-on crowd; is this bad because boogeyman Brexit is the scapegoat again, or good because nuclear is the Devil's botty-vapour? Self-righteous knotting to ensue.
Brexit simply doesn't exercise Corbyn
No-deal Brexit: what would this mean for your savings?
BOOM!
No for Brexit Deal, Yes for May. And What for Gold?
Breaking News: British PM survives no-confidence vote after Brexit rout. #Breaking via
Brexit, out of CU, SM
Blow me down, a democrat.
Many larger companies have already moved to open data centres in mainland Europe. Our client talks to about the potential dilemma of moving #data in a no-deal #brexit scenario and the #GDPR framework via
Hard on Brexit hard on dirty streets
Nicola Sturgeon is threatening a referendum when what she should be doing is threatening a referendum.
The Titanic Brexit
But will refuse to compromise on absolutely anything. If Soubry, Grieve etc were actually that committed to a #PeoplesVote they'd have voted no confidence in this absurd, idiotic woman.
Nobody can cancel the referendum, but government might say a no deal exit was not what people voted for and would be damaging (might that even get a majority in parliament?) If the backers of Brexit had their chance and failed to deliver, does it require national self-harm?
Market uncertainty continues after Theresa May's Brexit deal is rejected - Insurance Age
How do we prepare for Brexit when so much is undecided?
I know that. I also know labour voted for the triggering of A50 which was when i handed back my membership. I think brexit transcends party politics because it is will destroy this country and so many people in it but not the 1% in whose interests it is.
How do we prepare for Brexit when so much is undecided?
Brexit: How will MPs vote? – BBC News
How do we prepare for Brexit when so much is undecided?
May survives, but the Brexit battle resumes
A reasonable argument for staying in the EU has long gone. Now they are relying on the Grim Reaper. #Brexit
Breaking News: British PM survives no-confidence vote after Brexit rout. #Breaking: via
A very good solution to a complex problem that ensure the UK stays together and the worst pitfalls of #Brexit are avoided. But it might leave Scotland with a competitive advantage over England, therefore it must never be allowed to happen.
Firms step up no-deal preparations after Brexit vote
#Brexit means mass unemployment. I wonder what this haulage company is thinking?
Pleaese listen to him, he is talking common sense people!! #PeoplesVoteNow #brexit
Risk Appetite Slips, Brexit, U.S. Trade And Government Shutdown In Focus
It goes round and round, doesn't it. Brexit is bad for Britain! Full stop.
finally agree to have #crossparty talks #toolate here and #idea - how about meting some of the #public - drawn at #random? Pref from #beyondLondon to see what they might come up with re #brexit #omnishambles
BTW, unless I’ve missed something Tony Connelly’s RTE Brexit podcast seems to have gone oddly silent in the last few weeks. I mean, it’s not like there’s a shortage of material...
Stop Brexit. Stop the war. Stop democracy...
How does she do that, do you support revoking article 50, if a deal isn't reached?
For there to be no no deal, there has to be a deal or no brexit, currently there isn't a deal for there to be no no deal over so that would mean voting for no brexit unless a deal is reached
What Floyd is talking about is Tax as some places Tax you at a much higher rate than others. That happens State to State, Country to Country. It already happens and has nothing to do with Brexit. Re travel In the EU i found this
If May takes no deal off the table she loses DUP support, Tory voters and ERG. If she doesn’t she might lose remainer Tories as a no-deal Brexit looms around the corner. The vice is tightening. Whatever happens I think it’s safe to say the Tories are going to self-destruct.
I don't know when or how it'll get resolved, but I do know I want #Brexit to Exit my news feed.
: : Here's three minutes light relief from Brexit, the new single from . Along with news of a new
There's a great many games being played..... politics is a complex business. It's the usual signature of the elite to back all sides - that way they think they can't lose. #Brexit
Brexit means Bigotry. Brexit means Betrayal of Ireland and the Good Friday Agreement. Brexit means loss of opportunity for my kids, and loss of faith for my EU friends. Brexit means lasting economic disaster. Not in my name.
I’d give my last bottle of original recipe Irn Bru for this Brexit pish to be over tomorrow! #indyref2
Think Whitehall will help get us through Brexit? Think again | Jane Dudman
I think it’s really interesting how despite a lot of evidence to the contrary, they still think a no deal Brexit will be ok. Smacks of an inability to accept they’re not getting what they voted for.
And here's how everyone can help :)
4 pertinent red lines in Mays deal. 1 Freedom of movement. cant touch that, fundamental to brexit vote. 2. Irish backstop. can`t touch that. Rigid condition EU will not budge on. 3.Customs union. can`t touch that, Labour policy. 4. Single market. Can`t touch that Labour policy
Its busy w BREXIT but pls help bring attention to the plight of Zimbabweans. Zanu pf army brutality! Thank you!
No Deal Brexit set to be blocked within days reveals Chancellor in leaked call
All you have to do is observe hyperliberal trash, garbage and porn that #Globalists want to ram down British throats. They know this undermines civilisation and stops Britain taking back control.
If you go to your doctor and say you want magic herbs for the cancer, should the doctor respect your wishes and wave her hands, or give factual advice? No-deal Brexit has predictable consequences which have now been researched. Pretending anything is possible is condescending
Many more like you, Neil. Thanks for your great example.
A semi-Brexit, with just England and Wales leaving the EU, is the solution | Kim Lane Scheppele
Worth a try, we tried common sense and that didn't seem to work. #brexit
Labour is just as split on Brexit. Arguably more so. Party Membership want to Remain yet the majority of Labour constituencies are in Leave areas and still want to leave. It suits Corbyn to have no real position as then can avoid the conflict that would ensue if he took one
In a capitalist /democracy/dictatorship, 'business' doesn't need a vote, they just need a bunch of puppet parliamentarians to mislead the naive &amp; outright ignore the class-conscious toilers.
This applies to Albertans right now regarding both Bighorn and the upcoming election &gt; Brexit warning to Canadians that manufacturing political division has economic consequences:
Brexit Brexit
when brexit kicks in
This is pretty on point.
But so obviously fake. And we must get better at challenging that kind of thing and show people how important it is for their future to remain in the EU. #StopBrexitSaveBritain
The New York Times is, and has for a long time been, utterly biased in its reporting of Brexit.
As a rather clueless Yank , I think Brexit sounds akin to Trump thinking . Hateful to the point self-detriment . I admit I may be wrong and the reasoning my be sound . Be strong .
#FBPE lunatics will be most disappointed that these far right fascists are still alive and being over 75 still entitled to vote. #Brexit
Can’t disagree with the analysis on Brexit and it’s cause. But for me a wider problem of career politics disconnecting, through ineptitude or selfishness, to the national interest
Almost any question has to define Brexit but as no one has been able to find any positive version of Brexit, no one knows what Brexit actually means. This was the problem with the vote in 2016 which landed us in this mess, which is why it’s an important to get it right next time.
total voters in the EU referendum, 33,577,342 total voters in this poll 1,070 why am I so triggered by this
Now that's a way to get a compromise! Don't you get it? It's supposed to be funding a way forward, not all sticking to your own red lines You carry on doing that and all that will happen is a no deal Brexit
That maybe but nobody knew that after 21/2 years of negotiations. The Tories have hated EU for 40 years still can't agree what Brexit means. Nobody knew the M26 is a lorry Park. Nobody knew Gov would have to spend millions on fridges. If they say they knew what Brexit was. Lying
Yep, sums it up nicely ...
Corbyn May save Brexit! He speaks with forked tongue. He wants No Deal as he believe Project Fear 2: a Marxist PM will rise from the ashes. That is why he is resisting the Commons moving forward to a deal. I think he may succeed in the first part of his plan only.
Lib dems basically supporting Brexit and possible no deal scenario now. Corbyn is the only one fighting to stop no deal Brexit.
Corbyn will make sure that May has to make the choice. He wants Tories to own Brexit outcome.
Leavers want to leave, Remainers want to remain (it's not rocket science). Instead of playing a damaging game of Brexit poker with people's lives, maybe they should put these two options to the public to end this matter once and for all. #FinalSay #PeoplesVote
Now I understand why is not planning to delay #Brexit
Putin and Trump want Brexit And disaster capitalists and tax avoiding billionaires #RevokeArticle50
Why hide Brexit crash out from public that is scandalously stupid rationale to think the public and companies executives do not know what's happening with Brexit negotiations???? ministers 'shocked' by Ross's gaffe over Border
Considering some of the Brexiter immigrants abroad comments about how they didn’t realise Brexit would affect them only EU ex pats in the UK, I expect the French authorities to make a mint out of the fines from illegal British drivers.
Typical little englander Brexiteer. Thick as two short planks.
I hate what this country has become and under the Tories it will get 100 times worse with or without brexit. I fear for our children and grandchildren. If I could leave I'd be off like a shot.
Exactly! Just leaving the EU in name, sticking with most rules is crazy as we have a better deal already inside!!!
We voted majority clean Brexit, no deal so called, when in fact it’s world AND Eu Deals, Sovereignty Freedom from endless foreign dominion, expecting government, parliament to deliver it! Absolutely shocked at immoral remoaners trickery, 2nd ref, soft Brexit, Mays Deal.
If Burns lived today how would he have voted for Brexit? via
The perfect Brexit manual.
This is pathetic what about the vulnerable people who can just about afford the insurance never mind a green card for your own country #BrexitShambles from the DUP
Are the European Commission really refusing to remove the "Backstop" from Theresa May`s Brexit Deal, at the risk of creating a £39bn Black Hole in their Budget?
Britain, Switzerland reach post-Brexit aviation deal December 17, 2018 in #WallSt
Next Brexit vote 29th. January. Forces mobilise for hard #Brexit ten days later. And the vote isn't even the #MeaningfulVote . Can anyone who is used to scheduling see a problem here? #PeoplesVote
And this one was the classic Brexit untruth. "Leaving the EU" and "staying in the Single Market" are genuinely incompatible in many, many ways...
The semi-United Kingdom?
Fucking Brexit going too far now
The #Brexit issue is keeping our CEO busy with media interview requests booked for today and
“For Scotland, a country now facing economic chaos despite being 70% against Brexit, we need to exit this dysfunctional Union as soon as is feasible. It is irredeemable.”
"Now that T. May has survived the latest attempt to drag her from office, she will face a parliamentary ambush designed to wrestle away control of the Brexit negotiations. That could result in Britain’s withdrawal being delayed to Dec. 2019"
Flush hit
Fantastic Brexit thread.
BBCNEWS 5:53am BREXIT BUSINESS PLANNING. France announces contingency plan for ports &amp; airports L- I BREXIT BUSINESS PLANNING. UK...
Damn right! Once a remoaner always a remoaner. SHe needs to finally understand that we want a STRONG brexit that stops foreign criminals like Mukhtar Ablyazov coming into the UK- its terrible already and I dont know how she won the no confidence vote!!
Jeremy Corbyn says he won't join talks with the PM about Brexit - until she rules out the option of a no-deal. #CapitalReports
Yeah... You didn't think it through properly did you? Fuckwit
If the doesn’t choose #brexit as the 2019 word of the year we’re all going to look very silly.
John Prescott to thump an MP every hour on the hour until Brexit gets sorted
Im real - why do you hate me telling you brexit is going to happen anyway?
Interseting. Cards on the table time. The Tories are quite happy to see a No Deal Brexit. It keeps them busy when in power. If they allow a No Brexit to placate the Right they will lose the next General Election really badly.
Is your #seafood business prepared for #brexit? 's new guide provides practical advice for all aspects of your business including food safety and traceability. Read it here
Security is far down the government's priorities otherwise they would have commissioned a proper review of the security of the state and not have accepted the flawed
Former #Brexit secretary David Davis admits UK Government should have put more resources into solving Irish border 'blind spot' via
New post (Don’t rely on Germany to solve Brexit, it doesn’t need to help Britain | Alan Posenor) has been published on Parsian English News -
Imagine what we could spend money on if Brexit was cancelled altogether. But that’s not your aim isn’t it mr Corbyn, it’s getting into power and stubbornly holding on to your outdated views on the EU and the alternatives.
The Partition haunts not just the Indian subcontinent—no, with #Brexit, it is the future of Britain too. A fine piece by Pankaj Mishra damning the British elite.
BREXIT Deal of PM Down in Defeat
Then she doesn’t want to compromise, merely set it up to blame others for her mistakes.
Had the pleasure of chatting with the Danish embassy’s political attaché here in London on behalf of about Brexit and the future DK-UK relationship! Many thanks to the embassy for setting this up.
Most intelligent people know that the conversations Corbyn is 'accused' of having occurred with full knowledge of UK government and in some cases made a significant contribution to peace. 'No deal Brexit' is a vacuous threat, not worthy of discussion.
post Brexit bar prices #brexit
This is a good one. #brexit The terrifying incompetence and delusions of the British ruling class.
forgive me for not following Brexit, how can drive mrs not recognized on Parlianment system, when Labour called me
The latest Lambert Chapman's Daily Snapshot! Thanks to #brexit #constructionnews
I have deep reservations about Macron but he’s pretty spot on here
Probably works in the governments Brexit department
For various reasons, including yours, The Labour Party is unlikely to win the next Election. The scrutiny on Corbyn has, in many ways, allowed May to stumble from one incompetent and harmful decision after another. The botch up of Brexit is next to criminal.
A Customs Union is not Brexit.
Indeed!
The only reason she wants cross-party cooperation is to get Brexit through and not to look at options. She is completely intransigent and wants others to admit they were wrong - NEVER
Great morning filming at with and #brexit
And? Because you and your friends voted for Brexit, I should become a Brexiter? You see this is typical your argument is non factual, there is nothing pertinent or remotely interesting and therefore, unsurprisingly, you don’t know what is fascism.
British motorists heading to Europe after a no-deal Brexit have been warned to seek a 'Green ... via
Oh, shut up Jeremy. We haven't got time to play games. No deal is the default position so how do you rule it out? You are going to go down as one of the weakest opposition leaders in history for allowing this government to proceed with Brexit unchallenged.
As MP's on all sides are unable to conclude what they were elected to do. I can see no other way forward but to put it back to the people with two choices, Leave on WTO terms or stay in EU, no other option seems viable. #Brexit
Adam West is dead &amp; so is Brexit. #FuckFarage #FuckPutin #FuckTrump #FuckFascism
I'd buy that. My feeling is just based on the fact that it seems all of the West (Italy, Britain, the US, etc) is coming unraveled while the next Soviet Union seems to be in the process of becoming.
Juncker regrets "No Deal" on Brexit in British Parliament - Voice of Europe
I am curious as to what difference it would make to express a wish in private that you’ve already done publicly. Unless Kennedy has a 12 point plan as to how we take a No Deal Brexit out of the equation.
As somebody just pointed out to me in a tweet Theresa May has stolen our brexit and she's now asking Pollitt ariens what they want this is our brexit she's stolen and she should be asking us what we want. And that would be wto rules
Are your Terms and Conditions ready for Brexit? Our next webinar with Brian Auld and Sukhdeep Thandi focuses on the topic of Terms and Conditions. Make sure you register to understand the importance, follow the link
. : RT : The starting point for any talks to break the Brexit deadlock must be to rule out a disastrous No Deal outcome. My letter to Theresa May...
#France has put in motion a contingency plan to deal with an eventual “hard #Brexit Prime Minister Edouard Philippe said on #Thursday including 50 million euros ($57 million) of investments to help ports and airports cope. #MNA_English #MNA #Anglophones
Why didn't you vote against last night? You could have been halfway to Norway by now instead of launching another talking shop - you had a massive opportunity last night but chose to put party before nation #brexit #blewit
Emmanuel Macron’s Brexit speech went viral because he nails it rather well
A general election can't be used to resolve #brexit because by its very nature it cannot be one issue. The only way to resolve #brexit is with a binding referendum asking the same questions as the original, but without the law breaking &amp; lies.
Tory made Brexit Crisis now Morphed into a Tory made National disaster in the making. May Government has gone 2.5 years alone,when should of had a government of national unity of all party's to handle UK Brexit but of course Tory Arrogance,Power etc won out. Now they want help?
Tory made Brexit Crisis now Morphed into a Tory made National disaster in the making. May Government has gone 2.5 years alone,when should of had a government of national unity of all party's to handle UK Brexit but of course Tory Arrogance,Power etc won out. Now they want help?
We see evidence in this every time Theresa May or any other dishonest brexiter claims that over 80% of voters voted for brexit in the last GE, this is patently false and they know it, but they still dishonestly claim it. #brexit is all about dishonesty.
Marina has got her way as usual. She always gets what she wants. Although I’ve slagged her off I’m slowly starting to realize that the main problem is Brexit Scott
What do they expect? A customs union which is not Brexit? To take no deal off the table which they already voted for &amp; would be insane? A Norway deal which is not suitable for the 5th largest economy in the world? Or a losers vote because they didn't like the referendum result?
So there’s no other politician that you can think of better, but he’s got to go? Correct me if I’ve misunderstood. Consider he and his team have let the Tories unravel over Brexit rather than sacrifice Labour seats in Leave voting areas. Not my fan worship, it’s what we’re seeing
Indeed. But I think he’s wrong about where we’ll end up. I think it’ll be #peoplesvote because it‘ll be only option left standing: - No deal. Little support. - New deal. There’s no configuration that wins over 230 of 432 MPs who voted against - People’s Vote. Only option left.
EU says taking possibility of no-deal Brexit "very seriously"
Another fucking clown.
May will stick to Brexit ‘principles’ in cross-party talks, says No 10
Brexit warning to Canadians that manufacturing political division has economic consequences: Don Pittis
Brexit upheaval marks a painful moment for Quebec’s sovereigntists via
Looking to buy a bolt hole in the area but Brexit is causing me concern.
Disingenuous nonsense. Corbyn only has refused to talk *until no deal is off the table*. Which is entirely sensible.
#Islam #Brexit #UKIP: The 'Prophet' of Islam on Rape
#Muslim #Brexit #AFD #London Muhammad: An "excellent example"?
Poor old Rupert. Just read how he was the evil genius behind Brexit AND Trump. Can't take a trick, can he?
#Brexit being played out in true schoolkid style - it's my ball and you're not playing with it if you won't do what I say - kind of mentality. More antics to come no doubt.
Teresa May told me No deal was better than a bad deal. For once in this Self Controlled Demolition of Brexit I find myself in agreement with her.
Where’s the money? “Services that deal with the EU” is vague. It also doesn’t get shut off w/ #Brexit. The #EU needs those services as much as the #UK...
- Business News Beyond BBG - * FT: Hitachi shelves new Welsh nuclear plant * Nikkei: Tech bosses warn of 'serious disruption' from US-China trade war * WSJ: Corporate Europe Faces ‘Unbearable’ Brexit Uncertainty
No, we will be ready at 22:59 on 29th March 2019
In some ways I hope we get a hard Brexit just so I can be smug and watch all those leavers suffer financially and see their vision of the UK become a second rate joke nation with few trade deals but then I think no that's selfish and let's just stay instead, but a lovely thought!
How do we prepare for Brexit when so much is undecided? « Satch Consultants
In an alternate universe. Corbyn led Labour reduced tories to a minority government Consistently voted against tory implementation of brexit Changed the debate on austerity. Secured parliament vote on final deal Are now demanding the possibility of no deal brexit is removed
#ChukaUmunna, remember this! Why people don't trust MPs.
It would have been a lot better for everyone if the Tory Party had made an effort to decide what Brexit you wanted 2 years ago instead of each faction grand standing to the gutter press. You have led the country into a shambles and you stand their grinning. Have you no shame?
Beyond the Brexit pantomime | openDemocracy
I wish all useless leaders got 40% at the GE against all the odds and their party/media/business against them. With a bit more unity, we would have been conducting #Brexit negotiations as the party in power. Anyway, we live and learn. I hope...
Amazing how easily it is to brainwash children... but you know that as a socialist.
I want Labour to fight Brexit much more aggressively but don't think Labour want to reanimate Chavez in the UK.
They want more money from us &amp; maybe you haven't talk to Nigel Farage or Ukip that won the last eu elections. #Brexit
I’m not a politician or negotiator but wouldn’t cross party negotiations to reach consensus before going to the EU have been the better option lol #BrexitDeal #Brexit
But he said it would be the easiest deal
catching up with show just now on bbc sounds - that newsreader deffo got july 29th wrong right... concerning brexit?
A case of 'my red line is bigger than yours'? #brexit #bbcnews BBC News - Brexit: Rule out no-deal, Jeremy Corbyn tells Theresa May
Someone said on Twitter earlier, 'No Deal Brexit IS the table."
Democracy? Yes. The majority wants to scrap brexit now so if you’re a democrat you should be campaigning for an end to brexit. How can a vote be anti democratic Nige? Perhaps if it’s tainted by your Russian masters?
#Brexit is THE ONLY TIME IN HISTORY where we are told not to respect our elders. The irony is that this message comes from #Remoaners, the most anti-democratic bunch of morons that have existed in this great country in my lifetime. Shameful #WTOBrexit
/end &amp; the message is "If you want a Labour government, either you change your leader or you put pressure on him to change his stance on Brexit" This is a valid msg! The more people show they won't be voting for Brexiteer Corbyn, the stronger the msg! GE is abt #votes after all!
With so much doom and gloom surrounding #Brexit we could all do with a good laugh don't take it to heart, have a good laugh and let the stress out
Brexit aside, a reminder that in "Freedom of movement within the EU [is the] best and easiest" migration policy, "best and easiest" means "whitest".
Well, TBF, I'll take that over-simplification over the one that says it's an uprising of the justly-discontented working-class masses every time.
Oh. Remain backer doesn't think Brexit should happen. What a surprise.
British government negotiating Brexit be like...
Australian news presenter on Brexit via
If we voted out there's no need for a BREXIT deal,you mindless a mature POLITITIONS Out Means out f--k the deal
Jacob Rees-Mogg PM Andrew Neil grills Jacob Rees Mogg on Brexit 2019 via
Here here .. horrible little man listen to what your responsibility is ...Not #Brexit
Taking ‘no-deal’ ‘off the table’ makes no sense. There is only one deal there, either you accept it, negotiate a new one (which barring minor tweaks is impossible), cancel Brexit or in default of those options end up in a no deal situation.
This
Brexit managed by these Tories is a national disaster.
Keep believing in a fake system where your vote counts. That's the basis of their power. #Brexit
Pankaj Mishra nailing the 'astounding spectacle of mendacious, intellectually limited hustlers.'
What does that have to do with Brexit?
Can't argue with that. A reunification policy isn't going to go down too well That said the split of unionists and nationalists is fairly evenly balanced and even the DUP themselves are arguing as to whether they should consider the possibility of reunification because of Brexit,
"Chumocrats" lol
LINX 552: A #Brexit briefing | #VCSE health funding | Cyber security advice ft.
Yesterday I tried to talk to a group of Yellow Vest members who were protesting outside the office of their #Leicestershire MP. Here's the audio of what happened, from BBC Radio Leicester. #Brexit
Lol we’re doing it to underline that more no confidence motions would be pointless and dumb. Labour conference said if you can’t get a GE you have to pick a Brexit policy. You can’t get a GE. What’s your policy?!?
I thought the quote from on how we tried appeasement &amp; got into Suez without knowing if we were right or wrong must be a spoof - but no, he really did imply that #Brexit would turn out as well as those policies did.
Millions of EU citizens can't access personal records, high court told
Frankly, even if you DO know what's going on, this is a hilarious recap of the past month's Assorted Brexit Fuckery.
Humphrey’s is part of that Brexit generation
Let these guys sort it out while the government does more important things. #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Polly will be moaning about the toxic nature of debate post Brexit in her next article.
I'm saying that a no deal Brexit means that the UK has absolutely no trade deals in place and will be in much weaker position to negotiate deals on her own instead of having them negotiated by being part of a much larger bloc.
Brexit: Theresa May gives Downing Street statement - BBC News - #LatestComments
In 2016 17.4m people voted to leave the EU In 2017 13.9m voted Tory for a smooth and orderly Brexit 12.8m voted Labour for a customs union 3.3m voted for no Brexit Even if leaving with no deal is smooth and orderly there is no majority for it.#Brexit #PeoplesVote
May's idea of compromise - Won't reject no deal Won't hold new vote Won't cancel article 50 The "listening" is simply another exercise in time wasting until no deal or her deal are the only options left. Time for Scotland to chose it's own path away from this Brexit madness.
Tory made Brexit Crisis now Morphed into a Tory made National disaster in the making.May Government has gone 2.5 years alone,when should of had a government of national unity of all party's to handle UK Brexit but of course Tory Arrogance,Power etc won out. Now they want help?
You foolish foolish man....not for not wanting a no deal Brexit, but for whipping your party and thereby enabling one
Splendid thread on Brexit. At present we’re like the Air France flight in the storm at night where the inexperienced copilot yanks the control stick to try to climb and instead plunges the plane toward the ocean.
Jeremy Corbin through his inaction on all matters Brexit has disarmed the Labour Party and in so doing betrayed the ordinary people of this country.
.. says a man who was a Catastrophe for Britain and wanted to do worse as well! #Brexit #TheresaMay #TonyBlair
Opinion | The Malign Incompetence of the British Ruling Class - The New York Times
I'm starting to worry there will be a no deal thanks to the Maybot May will stick to Brexit 'principles' in cross-party talks, says No 10
I think Brexit will be … what happens.
Was P.Toynbee always this vile or has Brexit warped her completely?
This. Is this what you voted for, Leavers? #Brexit
I dunno. The only version of Brexit on the ballot would have to be no deal, which would be insane.
#Brexit The #EU negotiator has said they would consider closer ties to UK. Ha! They need us more than we need them. now has an easy task (3 days – new deal); #NoDeal, i.e. #WTO #terms please. It will NOT be a #catastrophe. Ignore #ProjectFear
Brexit: Are we running out of time?
New post (May will stick to Brexit 'principles' in cross-party talks, says No 10) has been published on Parsian English News -
#Brexit el #retoviral que triunfa en #ReinoUnido #brexit the #viralchallenge that triumphs in #UnitedKingdom
- this is Mr Rees-Mogga favourite adviser saying about the deximation a no deal Brexit could cause. Time to rule out No Deal Brexit and go back to the people #PeoplesVote
A short #Brexit must-read.
Checks on both sides of Irish border ‘mandatory under no-deal Brexit’
Just a thought #TeresaMay #BrexitChaos
*Brexit worriers* You mean Corbyn haters.
"To be, or not to be, that is the question” #brexit #london #buckinghampalace em Buckingham Palace
Labour leadership are doing exactly the right thing. They are NOT playing the dirty Tory political game. If a General Election is called, even after 29th Jan., EU will certainly grant an extension to the Brexit date, because Labour propose a reasonable deal that all can accept
The latest The Heritage Daily! Thanks to #brexit #bambooairways
Tories had 2/5 years now you say jc playing politics, get real
Simon Mc's cat
If the Parliament will force the second vote on the Brexit issue. We have nothing to fear. The Remain are going to lose it for themselves with this sort of degenerate mindset.
Question still stands......please tell me the food group you give to black brexit voters ?
"Hopefully this vote will kill this whole thing stone dead" Just one of several voices in my piece on how the City of London is reacting to the Brexit vote Tuesday... via
Brexit has put the mokkas on it
New post (European nations weigh impact of Brexit on drug supplies) has been published on -
May bought power with our money then goes around destroying lives. The contempt May has shown will destroy the Tories for decades. #MayMustGoNow #GetTheToriesOut
BBCNEWS 5:54am BREXIT BUSINESS PLANNING. Some businesses are calling for extension of Article 5O" I BREXIT BUSINESS PLANNING. France...
Compromise and Compassion A #Brexit #Spiritual solution: via
Like a headmistress to a naughty school boy. Love it...
This largely pointless gesture (May doesn't want no deal, Parliament doesn't want no deal, Labour don't want no deal) is a quite brilliant response to the gesture politics of May now asking for talks. Er.
The only fact about Brexit was David Camerons short but concise leaflet. Remain as we are, or leave meaning the customs union, Common Fisheries everything. The PEOPLE who YOU supposedly represent voted to Leave. People knew EXACTLY what it meant.
Good Point !
There are NO other facts about Brexit except David Camerons Leaflet! No one has left the EU before so therefore "project fear" is just speculation. NO mass business exodus or financial crash. It's all speculative and has been wrong!
He needs to go!
This is kind of interesting. Highly unlikely, of course, since and the are desperate to push #Brexit through as hard as possible in order to duck #EU #tax avoidance law coming in this year. #BrexitShambles #BrexitChaos
Brexit vs Cash via @
They were all clamouring for Soft Brexit at one point. Isn't that a kind of Brexit?
Fed up with MPs who've never supported leaving wanting to drive the #Brexit policy. #Hammond should resign. He's in a government who got voted in on the basis of leaving. He is trying to stop it and should be ashamed. #TraitorMps
In this video, Alan Calder answers some of the biggest questions about what UK organisations must do to protect their data and ensure they’re ready for whatever form Brexit takes
For three years now, Remainers have been haranguing the BBC and producing 'evidence' of its pro-Brexit bias whilst Leavers have been doing exactly the same claiming anti-Brexit bias. Neither can agree which it is. Lesson 1: we view and listen through the lens of our own biases.
If the call was anything like The Telegraph's two page spread, Hammond should resign.
this isn’t exactly the kinder gentler politics Corbyn promised us, ‘filth’ ? Not on.
New post (France triggers €50m contingency plan in case of no-deal Brexit) has been published on Parsian English News -
Dunno if she was watching CH4 Brexit show last week but there were a lot of young articulate people there who cannot wait to leave.
The softer the Brexit, the more pointless it is. Let’s stay.
BBC News - Brexit: Are we running out of time?
I voted labour in 2018 because my labour MP was pro-remain and voted that way. Don't you dare co-opt my vote then as a vote for Brexit.
again throwing out the best bargaining chip we have before stepping in the room. If he cannot negotiate himself into power how are we to trust him on this?
All pretty pointless then!
yeah because Brexit voters really care what globalist macron thinks... skynews is a joke
Received an interesting question today: Do you think is failing with her #leadership? My answer was: No, I think the MPs are failing collectively with their leadership as a group. #MAD #Brexit #herdingcats
Gets more and more like the Last Night of the Poms… "God, who made thee flighty, make thee flightier yet"
The Malign Incompetence of the British Ruling Class
Hi - here is an excellent piece of advice for you. You have to be in it to win it or is this avoidance so that you do not have to publicly and unequivocally express your opinion? You are making ineffectual as an opposition when you are needed most #Brexit
And to reply to your "tantrum" jibe (that's very grown up btw) nearly all of the Remainers I know or follow have given a constant running commentary on what is wrong with Brexit at every stage, If you paint reasoned argument and evidence as a "tantrum" then look in a mirror.
This is the answer.
Irish insurers to issue ‘green cards’ to motorists in pre-Brexit move
Imagine if brexit didn't happen and civil war broke out I wonder will the snowflakes fight. ?
“Jeremy Corbyn would walk blind folded through a burning orphanage to avoid spelling out what his Brexit position is.” LOLZ from
We're all ready for this chapter to end. Are you listening? Prime Minister? Check out my spoken word video 'Dear Theresa May': #TheresaMay #UKPolitics #brexit #justresign #areyoulistening #poetry #SpokenWord
Listen to your Chancellor Theresa and take no deal off the table.
No one ever claimed that apart from May. And she's fallen flat on her face. Parliament is now taking over and you can be happy if there's any Brexit at all.
The number of people in the world trading under EU terms is around 500 million, the number trading under WTO is 6.5 billion, way to go, no brainer, why are we even debating this.
It was the option of 42% of the country and there is just one flavour of "membership of the European Union", unlike Brexit which has many flavours none of which command a majority and most people couldn't identify the difference without explanation.
: British Prime Minister Theresa May suffers devastating defeat on key Brexit vote
Love it #RemainerNow #PeoplesVote
If you learn to read I said i was remain. only recently have I become a leave. There is nothing factual in your claim that Brexit was run by ignorance and facsism. Thats just a ignorant claim made by the left wing propaganda machine.
God speed on brexit
Must be something else going on, like maybe ur leader been investigated and seeking to put a stooge in place to investigate it. No, no just focus on Brexit so we can all agree it’s bad
Can anybody imagine this sort of nonsense even being talked about if Remain had won the referendum? Why can't these politicians like who are trying to vandalise democracy at least be honest about their true intent - that is, to stop BREXIT ?
A ler.
Have your say: Brexit - what should happen next?
Alternative ways to break Brexit deadlock. Theresa May is making a last ditch bid to save her Brexit deal after suffering a crushing defeat in a Commons vote on it.
.....ok mate, send me a Whats when you’ve got an idea... May tries to break Brexit stalemate with Juncker - by text message
Now Nigel evans the biggest tory hypocrite in the commons giving us his opinion on Brexit on the BBC. #bbcnews #bbcradio4 #r4today #newsnight #skynews #brexit #brexitdeal #PeoplesVote #brexitvote #bbctw #bbcqt
Brexit is really a warning to politicians who consistently fail to listen to the wishes of their electors.
You having a laugh? Hammond know what he’s doing? He’s an idiot. His predictions have never materialised. He’s one of the shittiest chancellors the U.K. has ever had. If a dog woofed stop Brexit you’d make it your leader. Idiots.
Only a rupture with the EU will alter the failed status quo | Larry Elliott
If her deal was dead, she wouldn't be bringing back essentially the same deal for a vote on 29/01. Brexit is not going to be stopped, no matter how much Remainiacs want it to be.
A ‘No-deal’ (which is of course a deal) is the true Brexit....that’s the point here. So gauge all ongoing political response and discussion against this maxim.
They've been reading Lauderdale's commentary on the YouGov poll.
Agree with a lot of Glasman's points, but find the lack of focus on how leaving the EU will demonstrably reduce our ability to lead the continental fight against global warming, and his presupposition that we will inevitably defeat libertianism, worrying.
Bosh, go on ladies! #Brexit #Brexiteers #NoDeal #NoDealNoProblem #LetsGoWTO #BelieveInBritain
Catweasel shows his true colours yet again. "TRAITOR".
Help me, Alexa, you’re my only hope. #brexit
BBC News - Brexit: Theresa May meeting MPs 'to seek consensus'
Larry is spot on as usual.
"Bitterness and division can provide short-term political gain but lead to long-term economic damage." Especially when it's being done disingenuously like the pro-Brexit side which were just looking for a wedge issue and had no idea what to do if they won.
is now vocally spruiking in the UK for a no-deal Brexit. Did we need any more examples to confirm 100% that he wasn't ever fit for the office of Prime Minister? #auspol
Brexit and buses seem to go together - there's also a Believe in Britain bus which circles round Parliament Square and past the Palace of Westminster endlessly - not to forget 'The Bus' from the referendum campaign.
It is my deep &amp; profound hope &amp; probably the 'Will Of The People' that she resign 30/03/2019
Not surprised as last November hired a Female actor to pose as a pro #Brexit Vicar. Plus their is the Cambridge Analytical debacle that DUP/Tory Party is busting a gut to hide from People's attention. Fascist can only lie and cheat; they don't want to be decent.
Barnett funding, Agriculture funding, Cross Border Trade ... all stifled by paranoid English politicans and their overseas money. For Brexit "to work" Northern Ireland needs to be a net contributor to a United Kingdom that clearly ignores it. For mere flegs and Jingoism?
The PM may have won a confidence vote from her MPs, many of whom are still in counseling from her last election, but Theresa May is the blockage in the system. And since efforts to clear her out have failed, by plumbers' logic a bypass must be installed.
I am not sure how or why the customs union became the most important thing to stay in. If we want to make Brexit a success whether you voted leave or remain then we need to have as the 5th/6th largest economy in the world an independent trade policy. Stay in SM yes but leave CU
'OF COURSE Corbyn should be talking to May': Tony Blair tears into Labour leader for refusing cross party talks invitation - and says if HE was PM he would already have delayed Brexit Yer Ok
The only alternate plan the labour party has, with a few notable exceptions, is to stay in!
sit down boy, before Suzie puts you down.
Hey centrist FBPE cultists! Look! Vince Cable wants to keep this vile Tory Government in power Did the Lib Dems not learn their lesson from propping up the Tories in the Coalition?!! #FBPE #Brexit #Lexit #JC4PM #JC4PM2019 #BrexitChaos
Truly magnificent article
Some of them voted tactically for brexit
Army Reservists placed on stand-by from February 10 for no deal Brexit via
What if a 2nd referendum votes for Brexit again? Brexiteers are confident it would. And if the 1st referendum won’t be honored, why would the 2nd? The referendum was an abdication of responsibility by Parliament. As for PM May, I admire people who don’t fold under pressure.
I still don't believe Brexit will happen which which speed up the process in reality
Can any body please tell me what BREXIT mean??
We don’t control the world but we can control our reaction to it. The only thing we can change is us. If you really are upset about 10 year old jokes or Brexit or Trump then start with you. Don’t shout and scream but lead by example. Spread good energy. Actions are remembered.
Brexit talks: What does the DUP want?: Most things you need to know about… TheBikiniCalendar
A miracle in Westminster ;-(
Ha ha ha. "The starting point of any boxing match is to tie one arm behind your back." #Brexit
Remainiacs have a site where they gloat about old people dying and estimate how their deaths would have affected the Brexit vote. Sick.
GERMANY: Industry warns of No Deal Brexit ‘abyss’, growing nervous for a UK deal to be done. “More than 750,000 jobs in Germany depend on exports to Great Britain.”
Brexit: Theresa May meeting MPs 'to seek consensus': The PM hopes the… TheBikiniCalendar
She doesn’t need to be ousted as PM for parliament to take over the Brexit process.
Brexit deal: where do the parties stand on Theresa May’s Plan B?
so nothing will change, massive failure so far - May will stick to Brexit 'principles' in cross-party talks, says No 10 #brexit
No-deal Brexit car insurance shock for British holiday makers No really a big deal is it ? #NoDealBrexit
Think my might be of use to each other though, jez seems more than happy to help her run the clock down until MPs are forced to vote through a brexit deal of some kind or description
Brexit means apologising to everyone I’ve ever met from another country, constantly.
John McKee Solicitors e magazine is out! Stories via #brexit #eu
No-deal Brexit warning for UK drivers - BBC News What a mess
See link for words from the same company, two years ago. They can say what they like now but those words are there in black and white.
Test yourself: Prepared for a “no-deal” Brexit? #dbetax
Now there's an idea...
Meanwhile I have mothers of disabled children crying at my home because they are fighting a broken system and their children are suffering. Disabled friends are broken and I see stories of this gov failings day after day. I’m now hoping there isn’t a no deal Brexit as I am
29 January set for MPs to vote on PM's Brexit plan B
Tony Blair clear message.
"To be, or not to be, that is the question” #brexit #london #buckinghampalace
OP ommits to mention Cable was responding to this
Corbyn Says Referendum an Option as He Snubs May: Brexit Update
Moving on to legal perspectives around fisheries &amp; Brexit from after lunch: The UK has always been an independent coastal state &amp; Almost no other countries completely exclude other countries from fishing in their waters!
But he isn't. Ruling out a "no deal" is in the Brexit composite motion and is in line with the party policy!
There's a reason you guys are called "Brexshitters". It's replaced "Bullshitter" as the number one adjective to describe somebody who lies compulsively about well, "everything". There are NO Brexit dividends, NO advantages of Brexit. It's a massive pile of steaming poop.
We understand the need for immigration in an aging population and welcome it. We are expecting an increase in forward thinking sensible people moving here as the #brexit debacle unfolds.
Cameron will be delighted as prior to may being the worst it was him. On his trotters I say
Sabrina's International Round-up is out! Stories via #brexit #breaking
Thank you. RTE's coverage of Brexit is head and shoulders above that of the BBC. There's no one to match Tony Connelly, and Fiona Mitchell is more insightful than Laura Kuenssberg and without the Tory bias.
One of her Minions will read it and put it in the Bin, the woman is deluded.
Corbyn is such an idiot! Has has said he won’t discuss a new Brexit deal with May unless she rules out ‘no deal’. When doing so would lay all our cards on the table. Why would the Eu negotiate a better deal having done that? Plonker!
Concise set of visuals via on movement of #FinancialServices jobs as banks and finance firms prepare their European operations for a post #Brexit future
Nothing about Brexit makes sense
Amazing, all since last night. When it took 2.5 to achieve nothing. Brexit will not happen, never was the intention
those who shout loudest have the most to lose 34% of irish exports come here #BrexitDeal #nodeal
Checks on both sides of Irish border ‘mandatory under no-deal Brexit’
*Is it* the "expressed will of Parliament" that there should not be a no deal? I'm not sure it is, given that they voted against a deal, or have I missed a motion on this specific outcome?
Paging
A Tory government is for the next few years. Brexit is for decades.
Having an option to remain - given all the solid information people now have as to what Brexit in its various forms ACTUALLY would mean - is hardly a re-run of the 1st election !!!
Why doesn't the media highlight this disgusting left wing ageist contdown of old people dropping off the edge supposedly reducing the number of Brexit leavers!
But I've heard people dying is a good thing as they'll not be able to vote for things like Brexit o.0
Why would no deal be disastrous. Where are your facts
Most people do not want Brexit now. The few people I know who voted Brexit have a metaphoric tail between their legs. It was a mistake.
And here you have it. Out with the old, who built the country defeated Nazism feathered the bed for these ungrateful hateful Leftists Who instead of honoring Their elders, wish them dead. #Brexit #YellowVestUK #GiletJaune
I liked a video CNN Analyst's Accusation BACKFIRES, The Trisha Paytas Controversy, Brexit, NYT
I wonder whether it’s worth pitching anything that doesn’t relate to Brexit right now.
"To be, or not to be, that is the question” #brexit #london #buckinghampalace
Putin must wake up every morning, see the utter chaos in Washington, the chaos of the EU and Brexit, and just smile to himself in satisfaction
Hammond tells business chiefs MPs 'will stop no-deal Brexit'
Norway twice rejected joining the common fisheries policy to protect its own fishing industry. A key reason for Brexit was to protect our fishing industry (although given it’s size compared to finance why we care is beyond me). The EU is being blamed for both sides of this.
Brexit is having a devastating effect on some.
Theresa May has one last throw of the Brexit dice.
BBCNEWS 5:55am BREXIT BUSINESS PLANNING. France announces contingency plan for ports &amp; airports t'r I BREXIT BUSINESS PLANNING....
Yeah Nathan, we don't deal with facts here, hence we voted brexit.
Brexit quiz for under 25's.
Prorogue parliament till brexit day. Stop making up stories
What strange advisors The Tories have.
Agree with this, However, could JCs 'Brexit' position be tactical? eg. it allows him to trade supporting a PV in return for no deal with Tory Rebels at the 11th hr. Also by sitting back it places pressure on the Tories to try and adopt policies which might damage them.
"The morning after the Brexit vote, I was on my morning reception shift. My French colleague told me that this is the first time when she feels like a bad immigrant, that she's not welcome in the UK. As a Romanian, I said, welcome to the club." - Ionel, one of my interviewees
Put it safe somewhere and in about 40 years you can have your vote
Talk to about #backstop ! #backstop is hoax to force UK to stay in SM/CU permanently without say &amp; without any leverage with tax harmonisation, no state aid. UK economy would be in permanent grip of EU big business without any chance of breaking that #NoDealNoProblem
Visiting Professor on why there's no clear way forward for Brexit
BBC News - Brexit talks: What does the DUP want?
Looks like hit a nerve! You and the Brexit elite enjoy gifting each other private planes whilst country goes down the toilet
Tbf For a lot of Brexit articles we could say ‘it’s reasonable to talk about *the thing* but there’s no need to be an idiot about it’
We have already had a #PeoplesVote and Leave won. Why would people vote for anything in thr future if what they vote for doesn't happen? There is no real demand for a #PeoplesVote 600k on the March. That's only 1% of electorate #Brexit
W h e n ?
Remainers will outnumber Leavers for the first time in January 2019 – here's how
Not to mention pro-deal Brexit or "soft" Brexit supporters
Hear from , who delivered the Annual Lecture 2018 on "#Immigration, #Race &amp; #Populism: Politics &amp; Policy from #Colonialism to #Brexit", in this interview with :
UK government survives confidence vote as May calls for Brexit compromise #world_news #international_news #world_news_today #bbc_world_news #world_news_bbc
Brexit is a lesson in asking a stupid question and getting a stupid response
This is about BREXIT right now. Not another attempt at a fucking Independence! Scotland voted REMAIN in Europe and NO to Independence. Represent the fucking people why don't you, for what is happening now!!
A twelve point lead!
Right that’s it, any sympathy I had for May and her poisoned chalice has gone. It’s not red lines we need but a blank piece of paper. Corbyn’s right to ask her to give no deal up: if she can’t even do that, negotiate around her. SHE’s the problem now.
Brexit means being free of the EU.
looks like Corbyn has made the right decision, again, all reports coming back from Opposition Party’s meetings with May saying the same - “NOTHING HAS CHANGED”!
Um... Labour policy is a to negotiate a soft compromise brexit. And not support brexit if this is not achieved. Eg demand that no deal brexit is removed as a possibility.
Brexit news latest: Support for staying in EU hits highest level since referendum as 56 per cent say no to Brexit | London Evening Standard
If the ref is boycotted by leave groups then that's people enacting their freedom to not vote. Options on the ballot should be remain and a specific deal - May's deal, a Corbyn unicorn deal or whatever, but a deal. Brexit has to be actualized at some point.
She was allowed to campaign however she felt fit, as were you. Thats called democracy. Your anger should be aimed at Theresa May and the Tories, she voted against the PMs deal, you seem happy with that. I think you're trying to say you want a 'no deal' Brexit am I correct?
As Brexit reaches its denoument, the different parts of Britain's empire are locked in a hilarious, nightmarish dialectic. This is the news story we all need, yet none of us really deserve.
You say 'Brent has failed' . 17.4million of us say #Brexit has been subverted by lying anti-democrats.
Our UK Group CEO, Mark Lund, answers 's Question of the Week “Following defeat of Brexit deal, what's the best way forward for the country?”. Here’s what Mark had to say:
Putin would actually prefer it if we stop Brexit because then we would cause a populist majority in the EU Parliament next May. Only Little Englanders think this all about us, bless. It's the EU itself that is the prize.
Corbyn Says Referendum an Option as He Snubs May: Brexit Update
The SNP Brexit Minister said the Scottish Government is preparing for the possibility of crashing out of the EU without a deal
Podcast with NDSU professor Thomas Ambrosio re: Brexit. And he took listener questions:
She got better deal than #Brexit deal... wise lady than stupid
I hate milquetoast Macron, but he raises a point that is not mentioned enough in this. Those hoping for a no deal are saying that they want to attack their own people. They want to soften the UK population up to accept reduced food standards etc. They are genuinely treasonous..
At last. Our former PM David Cameron comes out of his hidey hole to share his regrets of the brexit crisis he created.
The starting point for my voting Labour must be actual #Brexit i.e. #NoDeal
My point was, how many disengaged Sudanese kids in Australia worry about Brexit?
The latest The brainguff Daily! Thanks to #brexit #breaking
“Sovereign Brexit on WTO rules, without ransome... Civil Service fully prepared ....” Sounds good to me!!! #Brexit #Frexit next #TraitorsinUKparliament #sovereignBrexit #WTORules
What do you think about the terrible political crisis in UK? Brexit is killing us.
2016 Referendum: 27% voted #Leave 63% did not.
How odd that Brexit has made the Tory party anti-business and the Labour party pro-business.
He won't win, it takes away valuable time from the actual issues and is foolhardy to continue with it. Even Vince cable has now said he and the lib dems won't support further no confidence votes. People want Brexit sorted, not a GE.
Because C4 don't accept Brexit and would have asked him questions like: Why are you such a Brexiter and How stupid do Remainers have to be to still back you
Take today’s YouGov survey on Should Jeremy Corbyn take part in Brexit talks? Plus, proxy voting, and Happy New Year
GE &amp; 2nd REF Basically anything which means Brexit gets canned Although GE doesn’t guarantee that as corbyn also wants out
Exactly it’s not Mays fault that remainers are going out of their way to stop Brexit happening including the likes of Blair - we must make sure that the March 29th leave date doesn’t change
Comment: Now is the time to define the UK's post-Brexit identity as a global centre of cyber-security
are you ready for hard brexit?
To the point and very accurate I would think. #IStandWithCorbyn
Journalists focusing on Jeremy Corbyn's ability as an orator and not on the content of his speech just exemplify a type of politics that many of us have moved past. I listened to his speech. It was relaxed as well as strong. And I stand with him in saying no to a No Deal Brexit.
Thinking out of the box
But you're happy with the implication being Theresa May is worse than all of those groups?
Important piece of journalism. “But none of this would surprise anyone who knows of the unconscionable breeziness with which the British ruling class first drew lines through Asia and Africa and then doomed the people living across them to endless suffering.”
Oh fuck off Owen. Just echoing the words of Corbyn. If your beloved leader turned around and went for a referendum you'd write a puff piece on the exact opposite. Sycophant.
Yeah, yeah I like that.
Dance-a-thon. Bet you.
The Lib Dems always side with the Toires in the end and you can be 100% sure if it came down to a no deal Brexit, on the deal of pudding tax, they'd back that too.
All y'all going off on them propping the Tories, how would another no confidence vote change anything? If Labour is refusing to take a position and constantly calling for an election that won't happen, aren't they the ones supporting Tory Brexit?
#Corbyn's block only equals now clear stupidity of #toryredlines driven by her vacuous #Brexiteers #May must now ignore. No diktat #Brexit.
Millions of EU citizens can't access personal records, high court told: Home Office rules could… #Brexit #ClickBait
Don’t rely on #Germany to solve #Brexit, it doesn’t need to help Britain | Alan Posenor: Angela… #Brexit #ClickBait
Just shut up, Tony Blair. No-one trusts you. #Brexit
"Scottish" Labour Northern Branch Office use footage of Wales implying it is Scotland The least damaging lie here Remember they worked w/ Tories to deliver No vote then helped elect Tory MPs, condemned Scotland to Tory #Austerity, #DWPcuts, #Brexit &amp; #PowerGrab #DissolveTheUnion
Andy Serkis is Positively Terrifying as Theresa May-Gollum Hybrid in ‘Bohemian Rhapsody’ Brexit Parody: Watch
Erm... no
Ha! And how certain are things going to be after the 29th when we actually have to start negotiating trade deals (which will take years). Brexit literally means uncertainty. As for the army using an EU flag - that sounds like project fear conspiracy theories. Try again...
How others see us
Piers. Have a shave and smell the coffee. Brexit was a bad idea sold on a bed of lies. Isn’t a second shot, based in reality, the least we all deserve ...to maybe save ourselves?! Or maybe even still leave and accept the chaos of no deal.
If Brexit brings us to a better way to do democracy, it will be worth it.
The contrast between leavers and remainers in the Tory Party is stark and tells you an awful lot, Rees Mogg said he'd never vote against his own Government in any vote of confidence, Soubry said she would vote against her own Government when it came to BREXIT, loyal vs disloyal.
LOOK at the HATRED Get on with brexit ASAP
That's the brexit I want. Brexit both parties and keep the EU
The latest idf! #brexit
"Easiest deal in history." "Considerable upside."
No for Brexit Deal, Yes for May. And What for Gold?
Can her constituents stand to allow this woman to be their MP
Oh look its the supposedly unbiased #bbc lining up against 3 brexiteers and a host who doesn't challenge the hard right views. And Chucka's sensible approach holds out so well.
It seems like they have hampered a smooth Brexit at every turn. They literally despise us Irish. Hate I would even venture
Tony Blair, stop talking about #brexit, you're a war criminal, we need not hear your thoughts on this scam.
Get the latest news from the best in business: The Efficient Frontier ( #brexit #ghosting
They aren’t mutually exclusive through, are they?
Concise set of visuals via on movement of #FinancialServices jobs as banks and finance firms prepare their European operations for a post #Brexit future
Corbyn is not a Brexiteer. He is quite rightly a Euro sceptic and will only Brexit with - customs union, single market and a "strong single market relationship" guarantees to "at least keep pace" with EU standards on workers rights, and environment and consumer protections
Blimey, the Dutch press don’t hold back so they? #Brexit
Def Sec: “This is our moment to be that true global player once more and I think the armed forces play a really important role as part of that.” Under a month later:
I'm reasonably financially secure because I've made sure all my working life that I'd have funding for my old age. But I'm not so secure that I can stand a crash of Sterling post -Brexit. Who is?
Yes, agreed. Realistically a pro-brexit movement will be with us now for at least as long as we’re in the EU.
Pretty much nails the current ludicrousness, sadly.
Why not is person, in the chamber, why by letter, no deal is a very real possibility because all opposition parties are not willing to discuss and agree options for a way forward, you personally have your own agenda, which is not to have Brexit, you want the PM job, you lost!
Isn't it the case, though, that a seeming majority of Conservative MPs (and some Labour) believe the no deal threat will open negotiating doors, no matter what EU 27 say in public? Others seem to suggest this possibility too, for eg
The suspension of the Wylfa Newydd plant in Wales by Hitachi is a massive failure in the government's energy policy. Where is the condemnation of this incompetence. Sorry, some media outlets are Corbyn bashing. #Brexit #PeoplesVote #FBPE #c4news #alloutpolitics #Peston
Corbyn May save Brexit! He speaks with forked tongue. He wants No Deal as he believe Project Fear 2: a Marxist PM will rise from the ashes. That is why he is resisting the Commons moving forward to a deal. I think he may succeed in the first part of his plan only.
No - he's part of the problem. Forcing the agenda of a No Deal Brexit.
#Brexit. It is all very well people tweeting that it's up to our politicians to sort this out when all the evidence points to the fact that they can't. I think a GE is the only answer always assuming that we get different policies that allow voters a clear choice of policy
Taiwan objects to Britain's post-Brexit WTO services trade arrangement
Expect more BRINO BS &amp; lots of lying assurances about "delivering on Referendum result". MPs colluding to deny us Brexit.
Absolutely. We don’t just need a new Government; we need new governance. A constitution. And some mechanism for ensuring a far higher quality of delegates than we currently have.
Do you have European Customer data? You might want to read this! Just in case of #NoDealBrexit #rural #SmallBusinessAdvice #smallbusinesses No-deal Brexit - the data dilemma
There's a grant available to businesses to help with training and IT systems for completing Customs Declarations after Brexit. I thought Brexit would reduce the amount of red tape, not increase it? What's happening here, #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit
You obviously don't share our frustrations over Brexit or you wouldn't be continuing to support Corbyn.
So is talking with MP’s trying to get a cross party solution for Brexit, delivering on the referendum whilst two of the most clueless politicians in &amp; refuse to take part and are playing a political game instead of putting the UK first!
What will prevent German exports to the UK?
I can't express how angry this makes me. THE REAL ENEMY ARE THE TORIES, NOT JEREMY FUCKING CORBYN
Dr Cassidy, they didnt rob us of anything. We sold ourselves willingly. Embrace Brexit.. Send Tescos and M&amp;S home.. get the GAA to dump Sky sponsorship. Reclaim our Irish heritage and culture. Europe accepts us for who we are.. UK always wanted to control us..but we let them
Take today’s YouGov survey on Should Jeremy Corbyn take part in Brexit talks? Plus, proxy voting, and Happy New Year
Fair point Kier, but is a majority of MPs willing to back this? Can #Labour break out of the fear generating dualism used by #Conservativism for decades? Inclusivity itself is at stake here. #Brexit #Conservatives #FBPE
I can't wait for the usual talibans of Brexit to say they don't care because there will be jobs farming turnips.
BBCNEWS 5:56am BREXIT BUSINESS PLANNING. Some businesses are calling for extension of Article 5O" I BREXIT BUSINESS PLANNING. UK...
Here's your Victorian haunted pencil messiah, confirming exactly how "short term" Brexit might be in his estimation. You and I will probably both be dead by the time it "kicks in." Personally, I'll be glad of that. FFS.
. says there’s a “touch of hyperbole” in comments from that budget constraints and impact of #Brexit could be “catastrophic” for Scottish policing.
BBC News - No-deal Brexit warning for UK drivers
thought: tezza compromises, goes for customs union - softish brexit could viably pass HoC with corbyn pledge BUT ERG/DUP offer they will vote no confidence if corbyn wants another punt what do???
Nigel Farage is doing his job what is the problem have we not got bigger issues than NF boarding an aeroplane? Listening to the shit stirring from LBC’s James O’Brexit flog book, how clever am I, Insult anyone with a cultured accent, nasty nonsense made me switch to R4
Perhaps it could be used to save all the people who're "going to die" because of Brexit?
Would t this be so much more compelling if Mr Corbyn had invited SNP, Lib Dems, PC, Greens, To join forces?
The Tories had their second GE, now a 2nd vote on the massaged deal on the 29th Jan - all in the name of democracy. As Brexit is now so vastly different from the original 'sunny uplands' nonsense a second referendum on the actual deal would be true democracy. #PeoplesVote
Come summer it'll be time to storm the Bastille again.
Basically an attempt at ruining British rural countryside tourism industry prospects in retaliation for #Brexit? #VedeSalisburyEMuori
Roundup post: A few notes on the state of the Brexit drama #cdnpoli
Sounds good. But there is no #Brexit that makes any sense. I suppose we might have discovered that a bit earlier
I am with it. No vote for simpletons. And while we are at it, the vote of people below 40 should count twice, or on the other side, the vote of people above 65 should count only half. As they should not shape the future for younger people as in the Brexit vote....
While was talking about Brexit, the same could be said for "the wall." , where is your courage? Any of you?
We are fighting the Remainers, tricky Tories, most of Labour MPs despite Labour voting remain, and almost all our newspapers and the BBC &amp; ITV. WTF
Sterling Bounces Back a Bit Following Brexit Vote
Keep no deal on the table and do not revoke Article 50. MPs must serve the people not parliament or themselves. Art 50 Act cannot be revoked without destroying democratic principles. What other Act will be overturned - how can Acts be relied on? Leave are being denied rights.
Saw her the other morning on TV! What a 'diatribe' came out of her mouth. What a turn off, which I did. Sorry Mr Farage, could not decipher her rhetoric. Talk about pomposity!.
Unbelievable
#UK: Opposition leaders set ground rules for co-operation with May on Brexit
And the likes of Boris Johnson who told huge lies to swing the vote to Brexit.
Jesus when you thought MP's couldn't be more supine Revoke A50 don't pass it onto the people . You're paid to make the big decisions.
What his optimum brexit outcome do you think?
This, to me, is the only Brexit proposal that makes democratic sense—since May hasn't fixed it, Corbyn won't fix it, Parliament can't fix it. So seek extension and hold Citizens' Assemblies, as argued out here:
If the 27+UK is called the 'Uuropean Eunion' then that's definitely my favourite version of brexit.
I sincerely hope that Mrs May now sack this traitor. This will go a long way in restoring our faith in her!!!!
What a mess they have created
Jacob Rees-Mogg does remind me of Osama bin Laden. Tall, mild-mannered, softly spoken, educated, respected but simultaneously absolutely lethal and ruthless. #Brexit
Bollocks to brexit, im off for a run
He’d even walk through a synagogue
You are missing the point, this is not about brexit: this is about holding referendums: he is arguing they are bad and the smart guys like him then have to save us from our stupidity and sort out the mess. Just plain full of contempt, typical macron.
And indeed threads like this:
im disappointed the old cow is still prime minister
so we've got to the point where the PM is meeting all the people who might possibly agree with her, but leaves those who are likely to disagree in the hands of her cabinet, can't even face them, that has got to be worrying, a PM who can't look her opponents in the eye #brexit
I did mean the single nation on United Kingdom. I fuly agree that is #Brexit happens then it will be hard to see the union that forms the UK holding together for long after. #DavidCameron will have been the single architect of the end of the #UK &amp; the breakup of the #EU
Can't help thinking that overturning Brexit will be worth it just to annoy these people (regardless of all the other obvious upsides)
: “Ministers mustn’t let Brexit shunt domestic policy into the deep freeze." via
We all thought my dog Pepsi died in June but little did we know he moved to England, became a Tory and supports Brexit whilst being featured on national tv..you’ve been caught out Pepsi
But it is consistent with Edmund Burke's view that conservatism should respect the past generations. ( though how 'no deal' Brexit is 'conservative' in any way shape or form is beyond me!)
Something technical which affects everybody. No, not Brexit! But equally flawed, because we are human.
Hey kids - here's a handy breakdown of how many working days are lefty until Brexit. We can all play along with the countdown... isn't that nice?
thinking of you with all this Brexit mess - you must be loving all of the constitutional cahos and legislative challenges happening at the moment - I am utterly opposed to leaving the EU but I can see why historically it is fascinating. I hope you are well x
Take today’s YouGov survey on Should Jeremy Corbyn take part in Brexit talks? Plus, proxy voting, and Happy New Year
No. #Brexit is one of the stupidest ideas to come out of the British political classes.
The dropping of her red lines will split her party, the ERG are hopeful of driving us off the cliff towards a no deal Brexit. By not dropping them she is appeasing the far right in her party! Absolutely agree that EU would renegotiate, especially Jeremy Corbyns Brexit!
Certainly not, I’m just grown up enough to realise that remoaners are wetting their pints about nothing. If you think brexit is going to be the worst thing that’s happened to you, you’ve led a very sheltered life.
You complete retarded idiot you don’t take away your strong negotiation card off the table get off the fence and tell everyone your glad at WTO Brexit you are even worse than DickEd Miliband bring him back in a heartbeat
The best synthesis of ideas to solve the Brexit quagmire that I have read thus far. It would serve all interests if this editorial were read by every MP. How the UK can overcome its Brexit impasse
seems to me she's had a lot of her own party in (one would she knows their views by now!) or party leaders(minus 1) and about 10 MPs from other parties... not a lot of listening going on is there? #Brexit
If the result of a #PeoplesVote on #Brexit could've gone a different way DEPENDING ON THE VOTING SYSTEM, "all hell will break loose". This is exactly what I &amp; warned in the in November.
'Remainer Phil' Tells Corporates MPs Will Stop Clean Brexit in Leaked Call via
Most definitely agree with you, never been particularly political but will fight for a proper Brexit
Corbyn did reached out and offer to speak to Mayhem about Brexit, Burning injustices, Poverty, Homelessness, sanctions, briefing on Salisburys of which Mayhem all declined to do. Tory echoing their own lies about Russian attack yet can't produce any evidence in court. #SWaGodKing
Stephen Colbert flies Mary Poppins into a Brexit apocalypse
It is the threat of No Deal that gave the EU more of the cards to play against us. They know we have nothing to fall back on after, and will not follow through with it. Taking no deal off the table frees us up to focus on a better solution. #Brexit #Compromise
How many seats does her party have? Why do we give her so much air time? Where are all the leave voices? We know what is going on. Remainers are under the misconception that leave voters are stupid as well as old. Remember remainers you got it wrong last time.
Backwards step - pre 1949! #Freedom of Services #Financialpassporting completely overlooked in # Brexit negotiations
I wish macron good luck on the Paris protests. Times up. #macron #brexit
I don’t know which is worse - the Brexit deadlock or the US gov’t shutdown?
Mayhem has failed to acknowledge that No Deal isn't a option yet she still has a Brexit No Deal Team which she is paying Billions of pounds to do nothing. Mayhem is still saying her deal or no deal. Her deal got voted down and no deal got voted down. #SWaGodKing
Both Mayhem's option has got voted down so she needs a Plan C. Or we need a Plan GE. Mayhem is in denial. It's just like when she dodged Debating Corbyn in the GE and then say she wants to debate with him about Brexit on the BBC Fake news which they set up. #SWaGodKing
BREXIT: "Jeremy Corbyn is UNFIT to lead the country", says Ex-Labour MP ... via
1 Who benefits from a weaker, poorer, divided UK? 2 Who benefits from a weaker, poorer, divided EU? 3 Who pushed for #Brexit via social-media bots, trolls, psyops? 4 Who funded #Brexit?
The U.K. needs to stop pretending it's still a great power, says via
Though I agree with your sentiment, I don’t think that a people’s vote is the way to go- we are divided enough. If binning Brexit then politicians should make that call and take any flack for it. This isn’t a question for the people; it’s too divisive and complex.
You can have any Brexit you like once the UK is dissolved. Colonial chickens have come home to roost. Brexit is a UK problem and the UK need to find a solution. Thanks to the EU the UK cannot throw Ireland under the bus as it surely intended to do. Perfidious Albion.
What brexit option would be put in a 2nd ref #PeoplesVote if both Theresa May's crap deal&amp; #NoDealBrexit have already been ruled out by our Sovereign (Parliament)? Is there enough time for a PV anyway? Also,Executive are only ones who can action one? The PV makes no sense #GTTO
The Facebook and Twitter Police are censoring expression and free speech.
And it's time the current views of the population were regarded as the 'will of the people:' 56% want to Remain cf to only 44% wanting to Leave now.
Says the ex leader of the Green Party Who command 1 whole seat in the house.
Corbyn is still throwing a wobbler, Theresa is having friends over and the French are preparing for No Deal Brexit, that unemployment rate in France will look a little leaner and they can thank us after March 29th
Via UVSQ_Research.
Ignorance of political reality is not optimism but stupidity made manifest policy. With Brexit, you need to deal with FACTS, RULES, LAW - not 'feelings', optimism and wishful fantasies. Fucking idiot.
New text acronyms in recent events. Tbf= This Brexit's fucked Wtf= when's this finishing? Idc= I doubt conservatives Gtfo= getting totally fucked over Jfc= Jeremy's fueling chaos Dtf= Drink to forget
The Rudderless West
Why is Billy having a go at a pan european hashtag fighting against facism and trying to stop Brexit? Bizarre
I'm definitely voting Green at the next elections. Not even because of Brexit - but because both of the two "main parties" have shown that neither are even remotely fit to govern this country properly.
In my opinion, for what its worth, if she does a WTO brexit /no deal of whatever you want to call it, come a GE, the Tories will win easily. Its the one thing she can do to gain support.
"give us what we want or we'll do exactly what you want" Sophy Ridge, an actual adult.
Oh too right...
Kicking and screaming We are always on the back foot and the SNP needs to go on the attack Machiavellianism and Brexit: - via:
Brexit May Now Not Happen (Radio) || || James Whelan, Investment Manager, VFS Group, joined Doug Krizner and Juliette Saly on Daybreak Asia. He discusses slowing global growth, how ...
I am now backing the Iron Sheik to negotiate Brexit on all sides
This is where England is headed. The will of the people voted for Brexit, leaving the EU. But the establishment Parliament wants to prevent any sort of exit, against the people.
On a general level, I do worry what signal it sends to the world when with #Brexit and the #shutdown, two of the most stable democracies are in constitutional and political meltdown at the same time.
"The morning after the Brexit vote, I was on my reception shift. French colleague told me that this is the first time in 10 years when she feels like a bad immigrant, that she's not welcome in the UK. As a Romanian, I said, welcome to the club." - Ionel, one of my interviewees
Also Brexit is just karma making its way back to the UK. It's of refreshing to see the British empire struggle after everything they've done to the world. There are 59 former colonies that for sure throw a party every time a Brexit headline comes out.
(Very timely) Event later this month: How will Brexit disarray affect future lawyers? With , , 's Sir Alan Dashwood QC, and . Apply to attend
Concise set of visuals via on movement of #FinancialServices jobs as banks and finance firms prepare their European operations for a post #Brexit future
the referendum asked simply if people wanted to leave the EU or not. It didn't ask if people wanted to leave on terms acceptable to Parliament or not. Rescinding the result of the referendum would entail great national political harm - Brexit isn't just about economics &amp; trade.
I agree it is naff to compare Brexit with WW2. When the "finest hour" speech was made Britain really did stand alone. USSR did not engage until invaded by Hitler a year later. We had allies far away. We were the only European power standing against the Nazis.
To give it a 'blood curdling' sense of seriousness, some media outlets have pictures of armed soldiers patrolling with police. For the record: There are no circumstances where armed soldiers will need to patrol the streets under a no deal BREXIT.
Hello, I'm a very well-known person who you've seen on the tv/heard on the radio/read about in the news. I have a huge number of twitter followers and tweet my political opinions and have no intention of backing them up when questioned. #brexit #corbyn #theresamay
I fall into this camp
Oh, so Brexit has nothing to do with Ken's Tory party promising a referendum in their manifesto to appease a few of their supporters
you and Corbyn are traitors this is a democratic country. The people of Scotland voted to remain in the UK so u must honour the UK Brexit Referendum result. Not to support the PM is disgusting... u have certainly lost the vote of my whole family over this!!
#UK: #TheresaMay on the Brink Following Devastating #Brexit Defeat - #GarlandNixon, #LeeStranahan: via
MPs and the political class of this country disgust me, they sit there discussing all their BRINO and No Brexit options, believing they’re so superior that they have the rights to disregard 17.4 million voters #PoliticsLive
Brexit Means Brexit
MEP Daniel Hannan on Brexit deal defeat — and what happens now - TheBlaze
This is an exciting idea but ONLY if the Assemblies have real authority and influence...
Delay till the anger is gone. Then revote it knowing that cynicism will drive Brexiters to not vote
And here’s her little white rabbit
BestForBritain: 78% of Labour voters now want the final say on Brexit, with more than 3/4 of Labour voters supporting it in EVERY region of Great Britain. See the full findings here:
This is were we differ. It's not demands it's part of a negotiation. I'd explain it but you fixed in your own RED LINES lol. You go to bed tonight comfy that no BREXIT will happen. Remember to say goodnight to the Easter Bunny...he's the next big thing coming.
An Irish goodbye is when you leave without saying goodbye. It now seems a British goodbye is when you say goodbye, but don't leave.
These incompetent idiots are now involved in a damage limitation exercise, their only priority now is to save face and have no idea how to resolve any of the issues associated with #Brexit #drainthedail
Brexit means the wrong answer to the wrong problems.
I have said this before if the second people's vote is on the choices of our departure then that is one thing if it simply a mechanism to undo a previous undelivered democratic mandate then it is not about letting people decide on the brexit they want. 1
Received an interesting question today: Do you think is failing with her #leadership? My answer was: No, I think the MPs are failing collectively with their leadership as a group. #MAD #Brexit #herdingcats
How are they propping up the Tory government. Any further vote would fail unless the DUP or some Tory’s are onside. Both unlikely. You would be better focusing on the pointless games Corbyn is playing to avoid offering any opposition to this Tory Brexit.
You are a lefty lawyer Jessica and Brexit has really got under your skin hasn’t it.
1200 UK Eurocrats "deserve" citizenship according to Juncker. And what of the non-Eurocrat Brits living and working in Brussels who pay the tax that funds the EU?
its true but thats hardly an endorsement, there are traffic cones nailed to the floor on the M5 that are trying harder to stop brexit than
Brexit means millions of people, including some nice ones, wasting their lives to either support or fight Brexit.
Army Reservists placed on stand-by from February 10 for no deal Brexit
One MP for each of the 5 or so positions (No-deal, PM deal, Customs Union, EEA, People's Vote) quizzed by experts in EU, trade, immigration, Ireland for an hour or so each - Brexit Dragon's Den?
Brexit deal: Meetings aren't a Plan B
Oh look. The PV they told me was grassroots led. Bollocks! so it's you undermining the leadership... again! Let this play out and stop publically damaging your party. Either that or go to hell! #brexit #lexit #EU #GTTO #NoPVYesGE
Sturgeon continues to show Vince Cable how to be an anti-Brexit party.
The best solution to Brexit: Leave, ‘good and hard’
This brexit drama...
More chit-chat? After 1129 days of it, I'm not so sure that's the answer. Did you stop to think about the causes of Brexit yet - and how to fix them?
Definitely wouldn’t get my vote in future
No reassurances forthcoming from a no deal Brexit I'm sure.
What UK organisations must do to protect their data and ensure they’re ready for whatever form Brexit takes #data #protection
Concerning $GBPUSD. Disregard all Brexit noise and look at the daily chart. The first trade people will be looking for is a resell. 1.31 coincides with the 100 day MA. A sell order there with a stop above 1.33 will be a popular trade.
Britain is at a triple crossroads says for in his piece about #Brexit All three lead to a 'humiliation of the United Kingdom and a profound crisis of a democracy that has made school in the world.' Do read.
May delays voting on Plan B and the amendment to put Parliament in control to January 29. By brazenly running down the clock May is proving yet again that she prefers fascist plebiscitary dictatorship to parliamentary democracy. #PeoplesVote #Brexit
GO WTO BREXIT! The only deal we will get from the EU is to delay/ withdraw Article 50 - that is their plan -aided and abetted by May and the elite -we must BREXIT WTO NOW!
Looking forward to seeing La Bruce’s take on this week’s... *gesticulates wildly* ...Brexit bollocks on #bbcqt tonight.
'The Malign Incompetence of the British Ruling Class' -how the New York Times describes the English elite in the wake of the Brexit debate
No such thing as Project Fear. It’s a made up slogan. That’s all. Just a slogan. It’s all Brexit is made of. Slogans.
Not sure why Theresa May thought it would be a good idea to combine Brexit with the Bird Box Challenge #BirdBoxChallenge #Brexit
Not even worthy of my words
Congratulations on the Podcast; exactly what I’ve been waiting for! Any chance on a podcast covering the effect of a no-deal #Brexit on UK expats? Very few answers out there. Maybe #Brexitcast can help?
Delingpole: Brexit Is Now Hanging by a Thread
#CitizensAssembly has a great potential across the board, including environmental issues and #climatechange. There will be more on this type of activity this year. Exciting. Important.
Delingpole: Brexit Is Now Hanging by a Thread
Delingpole: Brexit Is Now Hanging by a Thread
Lovely photo of our friend Carol who is a regular at #Sodem and is a #RemainerNow. She voted Leave and has realised that she was sold a pack of lies and wants another say with a #PeoplesVote. #WeAreSodem
Don’t forget that we produce a hell of a lot of pork for export. Post brexit Danish bacon will have its work cut out competing
Remainer Chancellor Tells Big Business MPs Will Stop Clean Brexit in Leaked Call
'Customs Union by another name' 'Managed No Deal' 'Access to the Single Market'. You are being *SO* played:
Remainer Chancellor Tells Big Business MPs Will Stop Clean Brexit in Leaked Call
Remainer Chancellor Tells Big Business MPs Will Stop Clean Brexit in Leaked Call
Ah. The definition of insanity is, I believe, 'doing the same thing - over and over, again - while expecting a different outcome.' FFS, when will this terminal madness end?
No you don’t understand obviously. You have not seen that Brexit was built on lies.
It doesn't matter. The point is it seems the government dragging their heals with the Brexit process is taking their attention away from other problems they really should be addressing.
Brexit talks: What does the DUP want?
UK tech firms favour second referendum as next move in Brexit stalemate
Brexit propaganda dressed up as Wetherspoons News arrived in the post today (unsolicited). Sorry, but I get my information on the most important issues from fact-checked sources. Stick to your business- running pubs #posttruth #FakeNews #hospitality
Hi and - is there any reason why my tweet below might not provide a solution to the current stalemate? Could you ask someone in government?
are fighting at many fronts to protect the rights of EU citizens in the UK
Do you ever shut up. It’s been forwarded to 3 or enquiry procedures and still you bleat. How about working on the shitstorm your boss down south had caused and incoming abyss called brexit. You need to calm down or your face will explode soon. Your’e in the red spectrum bad now
Don’t conflate seperation from rUK and Brexit.All the economic case against brexit is jiggery pokery guesses and forecasts from ppl who are usually wrong. Seperation from rUK is factual. We benefit from spending £13.5b more than we raise, start up costs of a new nation etc. Facts
But later on he mentions the Hitachi deal failing and clearly blames it on Brexit
A 1st class set of letters that capture the electorate’s dismay at this govt. Tory’s lack of governance has ‘trumped’ Trump since 23/6/2016. Destabilising the NHS, education, local govt &amp; the homeless in pursuit of an impossible deal has got us nowhere.
We are currently in negotiations so nothing should be taken off the table and at end of day that’s what would happen if two parties can’t negotiate a deal. Why would the eu even negotiate a deal if no deal ruled out, they will just say what you have is best deal. #brexit
Hmm, methinks the evidence speaks for itself: Not a chav hat, #YellowVest or anger-fuelled shout among them. #Brexit #PeoplesVote
The next Labour government - if it ever comes - will only have the resources to achieve its aims if it doesn't have to firefight the effects of Brexit. That truth runs marathons, and there's no escaping it.
This is such a ridiculous statement. Brexiteers blew their chance at a harder brexit.
Getting dangerous..
man who lied to take us into war where Iraqi children were killed is now sentimental about children
Whatever your take on Brexit (I'm a soft-boiled remainer) this is an obscene tweet. Perhaps I should be celebrating the death of my own leave voting grandad?!! Awful. And your supposed to be one of the good guys?
I feel like Brexit has divided the left in to one group who want more than anything to see Jeremy Corbyn succeed and another (myself included) who want more than anything to find a way to stop brexit - which makes us more centrist I suppose but if that’s what it takes.
I do agree w/you, about the potential4 serious damage 2B done 2our system of govt. We need a good house cleaning though. Between Trump, May's no confidence vote &amp;her Brexit plan being voted down, there's some serious industrialized countries' governments being shaken 2their core.
Not remotely worrying. Do the get extra house-points for informing on any leave voting relatives ?
But in order for it to not happen, something else has to *happen*. As it stands, by operation of law, Britain ceases to be an EU member on March 29. For there not to be a No Deal Brexit, something else *has* to be in place by then. Or A50 has to be rescinded. No third option.
asking the leaders of the opposition parties how they want Brexit is like me asking Vegans how they'd like their steak. Why don't you step up and be a genuine PM and take us OUT properly with No Deal? whatever anyone thinks the consequences are is totally irrelevant.
Hi Lucy, good post. I just wondered for a committed leaver like you, what might make you regret Brexit in the future, if anything?
Impressive. But probably not the way to un-annoy the Brits
I may have mentioned this once or twice over the last few years :)
Anyone else feel like our politicians act worse than children most of the time? No wonder we never get anything done in this country #Brexit #ThursdayThoughts #LeadersMeet
Just when you think your market is proving quite resilient despite all of the Brexit chaos, we get a clickbait headline like this from our national broadcaster
Messy divorce negotiations this #Brexit stuff. How - can #NoDeal be 'taken off the table'? Must admit I'm confused on this agenda. I'll need to read more on Labour's plan. My impression was No Deal is inevitable if agreement is not reached by the deadline.
Exactly, there was a thread this morning about the bizarre string of coincidences that make Brexit so intractable. The general election making DUP the arbiters was just an extra level of unlikeliness!
What is wrong with Jeremy Corbyn first he refuses to take part in a TV debate second he refuses to meet with Theresa May yet leaders of lib dens SNP plaid cymru DUP met with her even though they don't want a no deal Brexit is it because he does not have a clue what he wants
Proving my point - no comment about Brexit just snide remarks from the naughty step
Ok so the reason why we still don’t have a united plan for Brexit despite you lot all being so united is? And you wonder why some leavers are accused of being a little thick. Good luck.
Stop thinking about yourself being Prime Minister &amp; start concentrating on a Brexit deal, thats more important for the country, you can think about yourself after this has been sorted!!
Not forgetting the idealistic disaster socialists who believe they can forge a new socialist utopia out of the ashes of an utterly destroyed Britain. Both are reckless fools.
1 Who benefits from a weaker, poorer, divided UK? 2 Who benefits from a weaker, poorer, divided EU? 3 Who pushed for #Brexit via social-media bots, trolls, psyops? 4 Who funded #Brexit?
Brexit: "Rule out no-deal", Jeremy Corbyn tells Theresa May. I think that the govt (ruling party) should give orders, not take orders (from Labour)
LIBERAL DEMOCRATICS PARTY NOW SUPPORTS BREXIT AND POSSIBLE NO DEAL SCENARIO. CORBYN THE ONLY ONE FIGHTING TO PREVENT NO DEAL SCENARIO. WHY ARE YOU VOTING LIB DEM? THEY WERE ALWAYS WITH THE TORIES!!!! #JC4PM2019 #GeneralElectionNow #GTTO #StopNoDeal #NoConfidenceinMay
With Yvette Cooper as leader #Labour would: 1. Have one VONC 2. Win the next GE 3. Halt austerity 4. Halt UC rollout 5. Resolve Brexit through a #PeopleVote But we have #JC4PM that is just not going to deliver any of that. None. Zip.
So, the Government has just punted progress on Brexit into the distance, and shunted the Brexit doomsday clock closer to midnight. Presumably all part of Project Fear 2.0 to convince MPs that they really have to back May's (blink and you'll miss it revised) deal because !panic!
You are finding an excuse not to engage in talks knowing the government will never make that assurance. You want Brexit to happen but do not want to be responsible or be associated with implementing it so you can continue criticising from the outside.
Support for Remain highest since referendum, Brexit poll finds
Man wrote a letter then posted in on twitter, why not just DM her? #Brexit
With the uncertainty around Brexit affecting some businesses’ abilities to access talent, speaks to about developing staff internally to address skills shortages &amp; why #HR should focus on personalised career development pathways
Easy for him to say. Whether you voted Leave, or Remain like I did at the time, let's not forget these people in no way want the UK to come out of this looking good and therefore inspiring other countries to follow. The EU institution is not a nice fluffy one by any stretch.
I would like to see all red lines dropped and a process introduced in Parliament designed to enable an approach to Brexit which has majority support to be identified if there is one.
Stop being so bloody deluded! If he wanted to, he could do it. He's not. He wants a hard brexit.
DAE IT
Jeremy Corbyn's approach to a No Deal Brexit.
"When the British people speak, their voice will be respected – not ignored. If we vote to leave, then we will leave. There will not be another renegotiation and another referendum." - David Cameron, 10/11/2015 I draw Mr Corbyn's attention to the last sentence. NO DEAL!
An energy crisis is looming – but ministers are distracted by Brexit #energy #electricity
May battles to keep Brexit on track after no-confidence win
My sympathies for what your country is going through with Brexit, sister. It's the Trump Effect.
Remainer Chancellor Tells Big Business MPs Will Stop Clean Brexit in Leaked Call
seems ken loves the DUP
Sargon shilled for Theresa 'campaigned against brexit' May. I feel like in the twilight zone when he deflected with 'she said brexit is brexit' and now feignes surprise that she does a bad job. But I get it, Sargon can do no wrong, it's the fault of others, he dindunuffin
bReXiT mEaNs BrExIt.
I’m looking forward to our discussion very much.
Gloom shrouds UK housing market outlook as Brexit nears: The outlook for Britain's housing market is darkening fast ahead of Brexit, with sales expectations falling to their lowest level in at least 20 years by one measure, surveys showed on Thursday.
And what did leave mean? Nobody from any leave campaign campaigned for a no deal brexit. It was all sm this, cu that, citizens rights won't change. It would a good start if leavers actually agreed what leave means.
The Government’s negotiated Brexit deal loses by historic numbers. Theresa May suffered a devastating defeat on Tuesday when MP’s overwhelmingly voted against her Brexit deal. #brexit #TheresaMay #BrexitVote
Fridges, planes and soldiers: How the UK is preparing for a no-deal Brexit.
The arrogance of this man sums up everything about what is wrong with the EU.
Spot on, as always - Corbyn's refusal to dance to Theresa May's banjo is justified...
I’m intrigued as to why the overwhelming rejection of the PM’s Deal pushes us all closer to a No Deal Brexit. And that this is somehow the opposition’s fault. #CentristLogic
Run Down the Brexit Clock by Yanis Varoufakis.
Any comment #FBPE ?
I'm for it BUT; not "just to see us through Brexit" but to get us OUT of #Brexit
In case you blinked, #Brexit still going well.
I wish I had seen this instructional video before serving as president of .
You seemed to have missed this protest that was going on yesterday, so here it is.
Thank goodness you’re not in government. Where you took us was nothing else but disastrous.
Read This:
This AEP piece illustrates exactly why it is essential that No Deal remains an outcome. It is now the UK's only point of leverage in coming to an acceptable WA agreement. What exactly is Corbyn thinking?
Hey , I've thought of a perfect solution to your Brexit problems, follow me back so I can DM. Also, I'm not an idiot so it's gonna cost you, £20 up front, another £20 if you decide to go for it.
How did Theresa May remain PM after her Brexit-deal was rejected? –
Love how some are realising how much the leader is a known terrorist associate... how can #labour expect the British people to trust this man with nuclear codes and launch buttons when not 1 person in the world would trust his associates with a rucksack... #Brexit
Yet here you are arguing "It's not all caused by Brexit" as if that excuses any of it.
Well, if that is the case, and it is been shown that there have been clear pivots on position which have significantly affected the nature of Brexit, surely it is right to ask the people "is this what you ACTUALLY want"?
- UK News Beyond BBG - * BBC: Hitachi to halt work on Wales nuclear plant * Guardian: Brexit May will stick to 'principles' in cross-party talks, says No 10 * The Times: May scrambles to save her Brexit deal
The only thing we can do is continue to support strong leadership for change, like Trump.
Brexit : Germany, Europe react after parliament voting ____ The British Prime Minister is still in office after surviving a no-confidence vote in her government. But Germany and the…
I care more about the deaths that will be caused by the delays to access to life saving medicine that Brexit will cause...
New post (EU needs reason to extend Brexit process, should Britain ask - Commission) has been published on -
Agree 100%. No Govt should ever put the country in the situation where the words, 'run out of medicines and food' are even thought of, let alone prepared for.
Anything to overcome the anguish over Brexit...
Of Brexit and Partitions. A smart look at the dismantling of what had been an empire.
Pretty key date there as I believe Jan 30 is the last date a general election could be triggered for the incumbent government to arrive before the Brexit leave date. No pressure!
It was always obvious the Lib Dems were as committed to their flagship Brexit policy as they were to their flagship tuition fees policy. They'll support whatever Brexit the torys tell them to.
Teresa May has been challenged to drag out Brexit for another decade.
I don't think another referendum draws a line as many hope. It could still be an almost equal split and still leave the country divided. There's a GE by 2022 when brexit will still be a major issue. The brexit genie can't be put back in the bottle.
I’ve listened to him and his message on Brexit repeatedly Phil. Despise what I hear. Will *not* vote Lab under his current pro Brexit stance
Well worth reading.
When did Project Fear start working for the Leave side?
I endorse this proposal but concerned about the talent pool we have to choose from
Revealed: Arron Banks Brexit campaign's 'secret' meetings with Cambridge Analytica | openDemocracy
Davis did not know there was an Ireland. Raab did not know there was a Dover. Top notch people these Tories select for their Brexit Secretaries.
May Battles to Keep Brexit on Track After No-Confidence Win #Newsmax via
Backbench writer Jasper Cresdee-Hyde discusses Brexit: The Uncivil War, and reflects on the responsibilities that artists have in the creation of their craft
Ministers tell May: Let MPs decide on Brexit or we'll quit
Question for Are #scallops a sedentary or mobile species under the Law of the Sea Convention? #Brexit #Fisheries HT
Brexit: A national government or “no deal”
Did you write this whilst relaxing on your private island ?
Even if poll is half right a leavers party would become a necessary part of any coalition. Clearly not with Labour, will be with Tory on condition of following through with hard Brexit. Labour are ruling themselves out of GE win by frustrating brexit &amp; very likely to harm Corbyn
Remainer Chancellor Tells Big Business MPs Will Stop Clean Brexit in Leaked Call | Breitbart
Stockpiling in advance of Brexit #NoDealBrexit
Thank goodness. A bit of wassailing is better than listening to all this brexit bobbins.
If you are planning on driving into Republic of Ireland or in Europe following Brexit, you could well need an international driving permit. Here are the details:
" “Britain,” the magazine belatedly lamented last month, “is governed by a self-involved clique that rewards group membership above competence and self-confidence above expertise.” " Replace "Britain" by and the match is uncanny.
Mr Corbyn is correct. The UK economy has been weakened by almost a decade of Tory #austerity. In its current state there is the distinct possibility a no deal outcome would trigger a #recession. Possibly a long and deep recession. #Brexit #brexitvote
A week is a very long time in politics. Watching last weeks #bbcqt accuses Emily Thornberry of not doing anything on #Brexit And here she is jumping into bed with the - AGAIN #ShameOnYou #GTTO #JC4PM2019
Farcical is the right word. If only those pushing for a #PeoplesVote had accepted the result and worked toward a deal solution there might have been more certainty. No reason why couldn't have pushed for/ proposed a #SoftBrexit or even a new style European union #Brexit
There’s some sort of high power (illuminati) having both Brexit/Trump come to power in 2016, with both crumbling at the same time now. Coincidence, I think not. I ain’t no mug.
Labour party wants general elections and has an alternate plan for Brexit
Now, now you promised ... PM May says - It's my deal, no deal or no Brexit at all #Brexit
Just been told by someone in my class that he personally thinks he could handle brexit negogations and wants to give Theresa May a square go okay then X
Who knew it was such a small step from #TheresaMay's #redlines to the Thin Red Line? #BrexitShambles #BrexitChaos
Brutal, but more than fair
Michael Gove stripped Corbyn naked and reversed the no confidence vote on the Labour leader yesterday. Corbyn and the front bench squirmed in embarrassment. Why would the nation want his input to #Brexit No Deal is the anchor for negotiations.
EU needs reason to extend Brexit process, should Britain ask – Commission
Unless a new solution is agreed to, UK will drop off the cliff on 29 Mar. So I don't understand what he means by taking no-deal off the table? It needs to be an actual option, some form of brexit or remain. What failsafe can be agreed to, when discussion can't take place?
Suck it up. Brexit is dead.
Any #brexit is fine, but it has to be clean, honest &amp; transparent (opposite to now) unless it has a foundation based on truth, the policies cannot be made to work and are doomed to fail. Hence the current mess.
She needs to read up what Democracy means
All I know is they lied about everything before the referendum which in my eyes makes the ref invalid and the liars criminals. People should be offered the truth of what will happen when UK leaves and given a solid Brexit plan to vote on. And majority win must be at least 60%
Don't be absurd. Mrs Mays deal is not brexit. Of course no one wants it.its a half way house. The majority vote was leave; all we want is THAT implemented. No one voted for a deal. Not then, not now. A deal would be nice but not necessary. We don't need to be asked again.
At first this is cute...but...should we not be the least bit concerned that so-called #ResponsibleGovernment is comprised of misbehaving children who never learned their manners and are in constant need of stern correction and admonishment? WE have allowed this to become normal!
No deal, no brexit. If, the EU know that we won't/can't leave. They can offer us anything. We'd have take it or stay. Leave in March. Nothing wrong with WTO &amp; having micro deals &amp; perhaps a free trade deal later on.
"Put self interest aside": the Tories led us into us into this mess through self interest and so why should everyone else be expected to be selfless. #Brexit #WhenItSuitsThem
If this illegal, foreign-funded #Brexit debacle was happening anywhere else in the world our political elite would be loving it. It isn’t. It’s the UK ripping itself to shreds and the Party Politicking has to stop! The only people laughing are those benefiting now! #Remain
The message is that the United Kingdom refuses your generous deal, it refuses to plan for no deal, it chooses to let citizens and border dwellers suffer and it will try to deal with its own political nervous breakdown for a generation.
If you thought #GuyIsAnIdiot was the only Moron in Belgium, prepare for a disappoitment, he has a whole army of nitwits believing in rainbows and unicorns This might hurt: Belgium has no government Where are the doctors when you need them Please send medicines or straight jackets
Never had a chance
I don’t agree with Corbyn’s stance on Brexit, but he’s right here. May is ‘talking’ on the condition everyone agrees with her, ie: #NoChange
Opinion | The Rudderless West
More than 2 years ago Brexit voters bought a pig in a poke still not functional
Delingpole: Brexit Is Now Hanging by a Thread | Breitbart
Lending some proper perspective to the ongoing situation!
I have my own company so technically a corporate, but 100% behind no deal Brexit.. EU is a rich man's club which forces out rivals of multinationals via regulation. Large multinationals can afford reg., smaller upstart companies cannot.. #betteroffout
British citizens and companies in Brussels should actively consider the consequences of the #Brexit. Interview of the Deputy Representative of the to de #EU, Frederik Lamberty.
It’s a tough time of year for the dogs having 2 move every 30 Mins so they stay in the sun! Wonder if they are thinking about #imports #tariffs #brexit ? I doubt it. Not a care in the world except when is the next Amazon driver Coming so they can scare the crap out of him!!
No one has ever measured how a ‘No Deal’ Brexit will affect English law. At CourtQuant, we have put the legal risks of a hard Brexit in numbers. Check it out at #LegalAI #Brexit #NoDealBrexit
Theresa May Brexit deal hammered in parliament, but be wary of prospects of a new 'consensus' approach
David Lammy - Brexit speech - 10th January 2019 via . #Lammy4Leader
But that means a negotiation has no bottom line to influence the other side ? So it would not be a negotiation but a discussion ??
And sadly, this is how the majority of Westminster MPs are addressing the Brexit referendum decision, whilst still claiming to be keen on delivering democracy. It's democracy when it suits ythem mentality, not true democracy!
Democracy must be valued. JC explains how Labour have used it to hold Tories to account.
Bet I could get 100 /1 on it from bookies.
UK exits from Indian, Afghan colonies leaving borders creating victimized minorities were more like UK abandoning the Freestate. Brexit is more like the Freestate leaving the UK and getting stuck in economic doldrums for decades as the price of independence.
Exclusive: Philip Hammond tells business chiefs MPs will stop no-deal Brexit
If you were as interested in the National Interest l, as you emphatically claim to be, then you’d have conceded your position as prime minister many moons ago - as it stands, you’re only looking out for one interest, your own. #powermadtoriesout #brexit
The Malign Incompetence of the British Ruling Class
I cant keep up w/differing ministerial takes
It's not fair to mention the Conservative Party in the same breath as Hamas, Hezbollah and the IRA. They're not responsible for Brexit.
Brexit explained: Why does the Border matter and what is the backstop?
Only MPs could complicate a straight forward vote and take 21/2 years to do it. We voted out not for a deal just out. Most remain MPs must have been promised a bonus by EU to keep us in against the wishes of ppl
Her performance has been atrocious IMHO from the beginning she has allowed her own obsession with immigration to drive HER Brexit and has insisted that it’s her way or no way - she should have gone cross-party from the beginning
Fridges, planes and soldiers: How the UK is preparing for a no-deal Brexit
Soft power
The latest The Soufiane Lailani Daily! Thanks to #brexit #worldatwork
Lol when your whole country hates you but it’s not enough
Thank you for all your hard work and dedication to fighting Brexit Caroline! So so frustrating that is still determined to convince herself that she is still speaking for “the people” without a care for the 48% who voted Remain(now probably more!)#PeoplesVote
none of this would surprise anyone who knows of the unconscionable breeziness with which the British ruling class first drew lines through Asia and Africa and then doomed the people living across them to endless suffering.
Concise set of visuals via on movement of #FinancialServices jobs as banks and finance firms prepare their European operations for a post #Brexit future
I havn’t seen the brexit built on lies? You’re the kind of idiot who screams there will be no food agter we leave. lol. Similar to the idiots who said gays would be banned in America if trump got in. Wake up
Great thread, unrolled:
Shouldn't the phrase "calling up reservists" be enough to make you feel physically sick?
Now that's an idea. Equally lets hope JRM doesn't know if we beat brexit.
Report: "UK PM looks to abolish second law of thermodynamics". BBC News - Brexit: Theresa May meeting MPs 'to seek consensus'
Time until BREXIT is 71 days, 08 hours, 59 minutes and 59 seconds #BREXIT #BREXITCLOCK #CLOCK #EU #EUREF #LEAVE #ScotRef #Indyref #Indyref2 #FBPE From our friends - Looking for a new Heat Press? - Stahls Clam Basic #HeatPress #HTV
Brexit as a whole, from the time it was decided to have a referendum until now, has been one bit Tory Party game.
Living in Spain with a UK driver’s licence? A no-deal Brexit could mean you have to pass your test again!
I don’t think for Sudanese. Also should I wish to think of Brexit, I will. Interesting you spend time here telling me to mind my business and not focus on Brexit, yet you can’t seem to take your own advice and mind your own business.
As David Davies put it "A democracy that cannot change its mind is no democracy" As Nigel put it "a 52% to 48% result would definitely be unfinished business". Do you think you know more or less about what Brexit will look like now than you did in 2016?
This is right. Whatever the next steps are, our politicians need to listen to voices, from all sides, and throughout the UK.
There are 1701 hours until #Brexit - For a realtime countdown clock, visit
There are 1701 hours until we leave the World's largest trading bloc. It might sound crazy, but own Government has recommended that #UK Companies establish a presence there. Germany, anyone? #GmbH #Brexit #SingleMarket
This has to happen
It turns out all that #Brexit drama could impact Florida business and tourism.
Theresa May survives confidence vote, but her Brexit crisis continues
#Brighton's Caroline Lucas says the Prime Minister in a fantasy world after refusing to rule out a no deal Brexit' #HeartNews
Podcast | Brexit: What lies ahead?: Listen to our full podcast here: #TheresaMay #Brexit #EU #Asiaville
Amid Brexit deadlock, Theresa May survives no-confidence vote
And they expect brexiteers to just sit back and allow democracy to be skewed by remainers ?
Ivan: "Do you still favour us leaving the EU?" Peter: "I believe we should do what Britain does." - on Ireland potentially losing one of our biggest trade partners due to #Brexit. The Tonight Show, Monday to Thursday at 11pm on Virgin Media One. #TonightVMTV
Going well.
"May’s deal is a bad deal. Bad because it ties us legally to the European Customs Union, until they release us, while taking away our say over its terms." Tony Blair on why MPs were right to vote against the deal.
After the initial vote I heard so many interviews with people who were regretting voting in favor of Brexit. The general refrain was "I voted yes because I didn't think it would pass."
Brexit is 1713 hours away. #brexit
Yes but coming together means you can't simy repeat your 'red line' mantra that has brought the UK to its knees. #Brexit #FBPE
We need a proper brexit, not an elaborate brexit!
This is exactly like it was with the VONC. Demand he call it, then complain it’s pointless when he does. They demand negotiations with May, then they will be outraged if he starts negotiating. It’s all about Corbyn for some people, not Brexit.
Brexit Hits Another Bump | LPL Financial Research
Clear as a bell &amp; a positive way forward. Will Minnie Mouse respond positively or continue with her disastrous rigid obstinacy?
UKCloud expands sovereign cloud platform to counter Brexit uncertainty #cloudcomputing #cloudproviders #Brexit #VMware #Oracle #MicrosoftAzure #OpenStack #DataCentreReview
Lenders in Britain expect demand for mortgages and credit card lending to fall by the greatest extent in several years, a Bank of England survey showed on Thursday, adding to signs of an economic slowdown before Brexit.
Tory MP pledges second referendum amendment to May's Brexshit plan
“The will of the people”
A semi-Brexit, with just England and Wales leaving the EU, is the solution | Kim Lane Scheppele
#Brexit bonus? (Even first time buyers might suffer from lack of houses on market.) UK house prices fall at fastest rate in six years on back of Brexit – Rics
This. It would save the UK economy and keep businesses operating out of the UK after Brexit. But the fact that Scotland would strongly benefit would be completely unacceptable to too many in Westminster.
The Lib Dems need to learn the lessons of Scottish Labour. Out-unionisting the Tories is hard to do.
quintessential brexit
Insurance companies have warned UK motorists wanting to drive in the EU will need to arrange extra documentation in the event of a no-deal Brexit.
France is in more of a crisis IN the EU than Britain is with Brexit. Macron is the most unpopular president in French history. The third successive one with such a record...
Perhaps then that would be lead us into another illegal war to get our minds off of Brexit whilst hollowing out the nation's industrial sector and replacing it with nowt, but call centres and pound shops. .
Legal advice for businesses on 'No-Deal Brexit' planning - Prospect Law Ltd is already advising on many aspects of #Brexit and will be following developments closely. Please continue to monitor our social media for additional updates. #NoDealBrexit
Brexit but to 2015.
#Brexit Please read this article. Essential reading for all those who support democracy, the sovereignty of this country &amp; the legitimate demands of the electorate that these bastards in Westminster are determined to overturn. Civil unrest is needed!
Why aren’t you backing a #PeoplesVote as promised, ?
So after all the lies and electoral fraud, do you still believe there is a mandate to leave the EU? If/when we crash out and wreck the economy with millions on the dole for years afterwards, don't you think your parties will suffer at the ballot box?
"People appear" to have changed their minds on Brexit. How vague would you like to be. On Scottish Indy2 "nothings changed" your certain about that though.
Kind of blows the #leftist #EU argument that immigration is to support the dwindling population If support means helping them off the planet so their shit can be taken! #BrexitVote #brexit #GiletsJaunes #YellowVests #YellowVestsUK
The Remainer government appeasing the Remainer vote, that's the Brexit mess. Labour have contributed absolutely nothing to help us leave the EU and negotiate a free trade deal. They've exploited the instability in order to seize control of the government themselves.
Gavin Ashenden puts it very well in this personal article about politics. I too have been shocked at how many people think I must be a bigot because I am in favour of Brexit - despite my reasons being the polar opposite of bigotry. Worth reading.
The latest The Management Training Daily! #brexit #r4today
I would expect nothing less from an Owen Smith groupie. Your plan to down Corbyn is ridiculously transparent. Futile nonsense
Sturgeon: Brexit delay won't stop indyref2 announcement in a few weeks via
Unless there is a legal judgment on all these matters and rendering Brexit null and void your arguments are academic. I’m sure you could find more credible ways to fight Brexit.
Brexit: How would a second referendum work?
We've ALWAYS had the upper hand in negotiations, just our incompetent PM - a remainer - didn't capitalise on it because she never wanted us to leave #BrexitBetrayal #BrexitNoDealNow
#Brexit #GoWTO I shall shackle my hands and feet before we go into the ring, O.K.? #PeoplesVoteWasLeave #IamEuropean #LoveEurope #JustLeaveeu
The Paul D Ashworth Daily is out! Stories via #brexit #news
The fact this is needed is all the evidence we need it’s time to ditch #Brexit and go straight to Independence.
Brexit?
JPMorgan CEO Dimon: 'A hard Brexit will be a disaster for Great Britain'
Commons officials say that MPs do not have a 'legal veto' to stop no-deal Brexit
#OpEd - Tony Blair: Theresa May’s #Brexit deal isn’t a deal. It’s a political contrivance | Via
Tories have treated Brexit voters terrible either no deal or Corbyn I've had enough of May and Hammond don't care !!!!
Odd that the cold weather should arrive just as #Corbyn plucks enough courage to venture down south. Were not big on 'that there London folk' swaning down here, pretending they care. #Hastings #LabourParty #Brexit #BrexitBetrayal
He’s a bloke who nearly bankrupted himself fighting for Brexit after forming UKIP.
'Remainer Phil' Tells Corporates MPs Will Stop Clean Brexit in Leaked Call
Labour MPs tell Corbyn to back a second referendum
#Brexit #Labour #LibDems #DUP #SNP #PlaidCymru #Tories #Westminster #Parliament #SDLP #Alliance #SinnFein #Greens #Commons #Leave #Remain #LeadersMeet #DowningStreet #Bercow could act as talks' facilitator Assess each MP's position on a list of issues
Come on Lucy, let’s see the card and hear your voice. #Brexit all the way, who cares where your office is. I can say the same about the vile far left &amp; their Momentum bully boys. These wingers don’t understand democracy
There has always been a plan. Leaving the EU under WTO rules. Leaving the EU without a deal is not disaster. It is an opportunity. Trade will continue under WTO rules. HMS United Kingdom is serenely cruising to a WTO Brexit at 23:00 on 29th March 2019.
The latest The Oddtime Daily! Thanks to #libertyuniversity #brexit
Delingpole: #Brexit Is Now Hanging by a Thread
I believe the DUP will save Brexit like they saved the PM. #Brexit
UK motorists to EU will need insurance proof if no Brexit deal
Remainer Chancellor Tells Big Business MPs Will Stop Clean #Brexit in Leaked Call
Meanwhile, the SNP and Greens have met to make their point - and they also oppose no deal ... get on with it
How might a second #Brexit referendum be fought? Templeton Global Equity Group Chairman Sandy Nairn suggests some scenarios. #peoplesvote
We're not going to have another silly vote on unicorns again. Time to wake up and fix the causes of Brexit. Until we do, we're effectively remaining anyway - as per the EU's Withdrawal Agreement.
Worth noting that some of very same people who claimed that all would be fine after Brexit referendum and deal with EU could be done and dusted in weeks, are the very same people claiming that there's nothing to fear from no-deal Brexit, at least they are delusionally consistent
Will Brexit be delayed? The EU has indicated it might be — but with conditions.
Waiting for to support #1950sbornwomen over Theft of #Pensions . See #JudicialReview #Backto60 #onevoice #WePaidInYouPayOut #waspi #maladmin #shouldertoshoulder
Pretty much...
given the knowledge, having had a proper debate, the country has moved on and it's time to prove it #PeoplesVote #FinalSay
#Brexit deal: where do the parties stand on Theresa May’s Plan B?
if no deal is off then Brexit is off you are a crazy man
Disagree with Ken Clark, looking at this #BrexitShambles simply from an econ viewpoint, it wholly misrepresents what this is about. By simply staying in the CU &amp; SM we create a Pay &amp; Obey No Say #Brexit which the ERG, the media &amp; Ppl will hate. It won't last! WE ARE LOSING RIGHTS
UK house sales outlook weakest on record as Brexit nears - RICS
Here Are 9 Shows I Recommend You Watch To Forget About Brexit
France's contingency plans for a hard Brexit earmarks €50m of investment in French ports and airports
Brexit means you've lost your grip on reality. Brexit means regaining sovereignty/independence for the UK while restoring our prominence in the world and extricating ourselves from a failing and protectionist scam designed to disempower the individual and the nation state.
Jeremy Vine is as biased on radio 2, anti Brexit.
The funny thing is that with Remain now standing at 56% in the polls with Brexit down to 44%, Theresa May could have a People's Vote to call the whole thing off and be a hero
'With just 71 days left to prepare for a no-deal Brexit, any business that depends on data had better get their skates on. Otherwise, they could see a vital resource stuck in an endless tailback at the border.' #Brexit #Data #information #dilemma
Despite the chaos of #Brexit, alternative financiers are focusing on SME businesses. An example being securing £75m from Goldman Sachs. To find out more about this, here is the link
Boris Johnson's Explains His views on Brexit 'deal' rejected by MPs: via
I liked a video CNN Analyst's Accusation BACKFIRES, The Trisha Paytas Controversy, Brexit, NYT
With #Brexit on everyones mind, perhaps now is a good time to read up on the opinions of regional #business #leaders in our #BrexitBarometer infographic. You'll find it here: #HCRBrexit
Take no deal off THE table, just put it on A table. #Brexit
sadly its sounding very like brexit itself, where consent is taken from no, where consensus only means agreeing. And that last thing perhaps that Scotland should be doing is leaving fingerprints at the crime scene, for the SNP to be both the perpetra(i)tor and the victim.
We voted to leave. We knew exactly what we were voting for. We never voted for a deal, we voted to get out altogether and it's up to you as our MP to stand by the majority of your constituents and vote for a NO DEAL BREXIT.
Soooo Brexit has just crashed and burned in the UK and you are running around Finland. Oh, oh, oh.....ok.
1. Gerald Dawe has written a fine review of Heroic Failure: Brexit and the Bridge Too Far, 'a book which if there is any justice should be distributed to each and every member of the current Westminster parliament' He links two writers a generation apart..
The future of Britain. Military deterrence against its own citizens. #Brexit
If the Brits get a do-over on Brexit can we get one on the 2016 presidential election?
The problem for leavers is which party can they trust to give us a clean brexit, certainly not the tories with May and hammond at the helm. No one can take Corbyn seriosly if he wants to take no deal off the table &amp; insist on staying in the CU. The libs are a non starter so who?
Petition: Brexit re article 50 it must not be suspended/stopped under any circumstances
Fighting Brexit by voting that they have confidence in the Tories.
Brexit means uncertainty, Brussels should respect national sovereignty and show flexibility on critical issues to keep Britain and other member states in E.U. to formulate United States of Europe.
Pretty sure Hawaii is under the jurisdiction of Donald trump !!! May &amp; trump two gobshites
Interesting findings on public demand for democratic reform in this poll. #democracy cc
"More than seven in ten adults agree the Brexit process has shown that the British political system needs a complete overhaul (72%), with one in ten disagreeing (10%) and two in ten saying they don’t know (18%)."
The people responsible for the UK being in a mess are: 1) the uncaring who voted for the Tories. 2) the xenophobic who voted to Leave the EU. 3) the "thick as mince" who are too lazy to read, think &amp; actually vote in the first place. but apparently Brexit is #allcorbynsfault
"Nearly three quarters support having a written Constitution to provide clear legal rules for how Government Ministers, Parliament and civil servants are required to act (72%) with less than one in ten opposing (7%)."
Actually, the truth may not be as assumed. Young people who bothered to research the issues of #Brexit could have been part of the Leave vote. Also, who knows those attaining voting age would vote to remain or even bother to vote!
"More than six in ten (62%) support enabling more decisions to be made at local level rather than by Parliament."
Mark Lund, McCann UK Group CEO, joins industry leaders in to answer the question on everybody's mind: "Following defeat of Brexit deal, what's the best way forward for the country?"
And now we go live to Westminster...
#ThursdayThoughts Do I book a one way flight out of England now or later? #Brexit #DealorNoDeal This is embarrassing now!
“No-one wants to come to London in the next two months. There is not enough clarity.” #Brexit
Petition: Brexit re article 50 it must not be suspended/stopped under any circumstances
Britain’s May faces defeat in parliament over Brexit plan
State plans insurance protection law for no-deal Brexit
Theresa May won the confidence vote. Here is what happens next with Brexit.
Good luck trying to leave our authoritarian group. You cannot leave. Our international web reaches too far for you to leave. You’re trapped.
Fair fucking play.
May will stick to Brexit 'principles' in cross-party talks, says No 10
The latest Beautiful Exchange Wire! #brexit
Heard your boyfriend's still hoping for a red, white and blue brexit.
#Brexit #FUEU I mean how bad does May have to get to make Comrade Catweazle seem electable.
Apparently this was just baloney..
Blimey, the Dutch press don’t hold back do they? #Brexit
via Sturgeon: Brexit delay won't stop indyref2 announcement in a few weeks
Citizens assemblies? Lisa, Brexit happened because MP's used the EU as a scapegoat and continually misled the public. This proposal is pathetic, you and your colleagues need to TELL the truth and TEACH us. Every type of BREXIT is worse than REMAIN, BE HONEST!
Pitch. Brexit Dragon's Den... Do it as a #Brexitcast so there's cake as well
#Brexit Please read this article. Essential reading for all those who support democracy, the sovereignty of this country &amp; the legitimate demands of the electorate that these bastards in Westminster are determined to overturn. Civil unrest is needed!
My fiancee wants to go and see this. I think it looks good actually from the trailer i've seen so i'm all for it too. #Movies #Cinema #MommyLookHowBigHisEarsAre!
That was the FBPEs on a day trip.
The whole of the Establishment is the problem, puppets of the globalist elite. Now is the time for real change. We need a party of the People for the People. Brexit in full with No Deals and to start putting the people of Britain first! WWG1WGA #YellowVestsUK
Bringing people together not dividing them. Increased Democracy. Bringing it back to the people. #PeoplesVote #brexit #citizensassembly
She'll face a no confidence vote each time the Brexit plan is defeated. Extending Article 50 to allows the Britsh People to have the final say. Holding a 2nd ref, giving all one final chance, seems to be the will. After, its right back to the this place or off to the shredders.
Genuinely expected this to be in the 10's of thousands of RTs by now.
Exactly!! Anywhere outside the South East - Wales, Scotland, NI, and Northern England are always shafted. And all these areas are going to be hit hardest by Brexit as they got a lot of EU funding. So unless Govt goes for major redistribution we’re going to in a right mess.
UPDATE 1-Gloom shrouds UK housing market outlook as Brexit nears
Well indeed. But I'm sure the folk investigating the Salmond affair aren't urgently needed to solve Brexit. No reason not to be doing both. (The investigations may be something, or perhaps absolutely nothing)
I’m looking at the Brexit built on lies. You! The perfect example of someone so far from reality and heavily indoctrinated by the left.
We are in a very awful mess. I’m not sure it’s valuable discussing the minutiae of tariffs. None of us are clear at this point what will be best for Britain; that vital point seems lost; the competing Brexit circular; It needs to be paused; as alliances fracture the ERG win.
NTU International Business News is out! Stories via #NTUCCL #brexit #climateaction
The oxford dunder head doesnt know brexit from exit
Remainers seem to have 5 opinions on Brexit. It’s either:- 1)Get on with it. 2)Personal Financial Interest. 3)Don’t ‘get’ Brexit. 4)Doesn’t believe in democracy. 5)Ignorance.
Arrogant Theresa May is holding Britain back. #BrexitShambles
So, a Labour MP is pushing a poll conducted by the Standard which is Edited by remoaner george Osborne? You really couldnt make this stuff up. You lied to your constituents to win your seat, your manifesto committed to supporting brexit. Your lies have unravelled.
Theresa May's Brexit deal has been defeated. Now, to stop a No Deal Brexit, we need more time. I’ve signed the emergency petition calling for Article 50 to be extended or withdrawn. You can sign it, and sign up to hear more from , here:
Anyone who is against brexit and says they wouldn’t vote lib-dem because of their coalition years, who would you vote for?
Brexit has drained me Gary and in my opinion all it has done is cause total chaos from early last year!! Saremongering from the idiots who only pipe up when it suits them and then bugger off when the going gets tough!! Let's hope they all cancome together and sort this mess out
These “compromises” will kill off the Conservative Party for a decade. Probably the only thing which could now save them out in the country is a no deal Brexit, and they seem to be preparing the ground for ditching that as we speak.
The evidence is mounting !
Will Brexit be delayed? The EU has indicated it might be — but with conditions.
Do you have confidence in this administration and/or their handling of Brexit?
So liebores vision for Scotland is for it to be Wales? Ehh - no thanks! We will stay a beautiful, non brexit voting country thanks! You'd think a party that's run Wales into the ground wouldn't try selling that vision elsewhere...but then, its liebore &amp; they're no very bright!
Compromise and Compassion A #Brexit #Spiritual solution via #gloucester #Cheltenham #evesham #Unitarian
Theresa May.. lock up your bunnies. #brexit #brexitpanel 7
I think you've answered your own question. JC WANTS a no-deal brexit - all of his actions so far show that. He'd also quite like it if he could blame any issues off the back of it on the Tories.
I blame brexit, need tickets for Northern Ireland now
I’m contemplating having a Bry February (Dry Brexit). Anyone joining me? #Brexit
All eyes are on Brexit and the impending decision, we revisit our February 2017 article by Lydia Birtwistle-Sawyer on the relationship between Brexit and women's rights. How will the critical services for women be affected?
If you cannot see the consequences of a "No-Deal" Brexit, I'm afraid you're the moron!
There is NO MANDATE to delay or cancel.
This is called "breaking up the UK".
Would a Norway option break the #Brexit stalemate? Here's what new polling tells us
Yes Theresa May fucking up Brexit is my fault, O wise one.
UK would vote to remain in EU in a second referendum
"I along with millions of other working-class people voted for Brexit for reasons of democracy, community, place, belonging and accountability. Don’t tell us we did so because of something we read in the Daily Mail or on the side of a bus."
You’d think her catastrophic loss in Tuesday’s deal vote would make her change plans but oh no, mind blowing PM belligerence. Plan B really is just Plan A with a 2 week delay.
Looking forward to being on with Sandi Coleman discussing #Brexit in White Horse later today.
Emmanuel Macron sums up the chaos of Brexit perfectly in just two minutes
LESSONS OF BREXIT!
Just been reading The Return of a King by William Dalrymple and it does seem as if one major cause of the First Afghan War was the complete and total stupidity of the British ruling class. And we're still stuck with them.
The Malign Incompetence of the British Ruling Class With Brexit, the chumocrats who drew borders from India to Ireland are getting a taste of their own medicine.
British army reservists called up to help prepare for no-deal Brexit
May loves the bureaucrats.
British army reservists called up to help prepare for no-deal Brexit
If I recall correctly, he briefly denounced brexit in one of his videos. I may be wrong.
Her Plan B will be essentially her deal with small tweaks. Brexit is not going to be stopped. That's just a fact.
Brexit, by the elites for the elites. Don’t fall for their lies.
2. An impasse in parliament, where none of the Brexit options can be passed. Timing is important in politics, and no one should be asking for a PV until scenario 2 is the outcome. A general election is the priority for Labour!
Much the best account of Brexit I have seen.
Sure because you don't have to see it through.
To be honest, I can understand the desire to whinge.
That's a nice stat. Note tgat is shows pre-Brexit.. no idea what that graphic may look like POST-Brexit. Let's look at a recent other one.
This is it. Theresa May is preparing to blur her red lines in order to get her biggest political rivals to rally around a new Brexit deal. Three years of procrastination crunched together in this moment of truth. Of all goes to plan, Brexit will be delayed
BREXIT Deal of PM Down in Defeat
I wonder how many people would want to solve #Brexit with #technology and #DigitalTransformation. It's like a magic solution for everything. Or not ?
All the reasons why we need another vote
#corbyn is playing party politics instead of caring about the country. the reason he won't meet with #may is because he couldn't bear her to successfully sort out the #brexit problem as it would further damage his propsects of being pm. He's a negative force
'Brexit' scriptwriters admit they have no idea how to write season finale
Great article, &gt; Opinion: China would be a fickle and dangerous ally for post-Brexit Britain
Brexit: “you can check out anytime you like, but you can never leave” (unknown, 2019)
Or for anyone based in the UK sudo rm -rf /brexit/problems #Brexit #BrexitShambles
Factbox - May's Brexit 'plan B': What happens next in parliament?: -
Why don’t we just say there’s been a Brexit, keep everything the same and have a World Cup so nobody notices?
Why are you angry, you won didn't you ? It couldn't be 'cos the Brexiters have let you down and ran away from delivering Brexit ? It couldn't be 'cos you were lied to ? Why not direct your anger at them ? Why do you feel you'd lose a ref on the deal, you still believe don't you ?
If there were a second vote, I feel that more original remainers will have changed their minds than leavers. #Brexit
Property sales hit 6 year low as #Brexit fears rumble on. Nick Leeming, chairman of comments 'We expect buyers and sellers to become more resilient as an uncertain economic and political landscape becomes the ‘new normal’. #PeterCox
In order to be able to serve our clients selling their products in the UK also post-brexit, we set up an office in the UK!
What’s the link between #Brexit and gender balance? The U.K.’s looming skills shortage. #GenderParity
No-deal Brexit would mean flight numbers capped at 2018 levels, causing more travel uncertainty - #travel #biztravel #businesstravel #businesstraveler #traveltalk #traveling #twwt #ttot #tbex #rtw #trends #news #update #insight #goexplore #workandtravel
No-deal Brexit warning for UK drivers
Are your parents still alive, Polly, or are you happily rid of them? #brexit
Hells bells, the penny has finally dropped. You brought this on yourself Leo!!
Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn both have to keep their hands on a 1981 Austin Allegro and the first one to take theirs off loses and the other one gets to do Brexit.
Tic follows toc follows tic follows toc...
Gloom shrouds UK housing market outlook as Brexit nears
Fridges, planes and soldiers: How the UK is preparing for a no-deal Brexit - CNBC
The Malign Incompetence of the British Ruling Class via #Brexit #BrexitShambles
May refuses to budge on no deal Brexit as army is called up
Whenever I put on all I hear is stooooooooooooppppppp #Brexit
Spot on . Never forget got us into this mess and now there's no easy way out if we go ahead with #Brexit.
Fridges, planes and soldiers: How the UK is preparing for a no-deal Brexit - CNBC
THAT'S NOT HOW IT WORKS, PETER.
"Such a pattern of egotistic and destructive behavior by the British elite flabbergasts many people today. But it was already manifest seven decades ago during Britain’s rash exit from India."
Surely the only way out of the #Brexit mess is for Jeremy Corbyn and Theresa May to meet, put every option on the table and then do eeny meeny miny moe. Job done.
Nothing better than a diversion from your own domestic problems. Emmanuel Macron has plenty of issues to deal with in France (Labour and the tories sparred with fox-hunting for many years for similar diversionary reasons in the UK)
We are all going to suffer in Ireland, Its shocking what the EU and there GANG have done to out treading relationship with the UK, Ireland is heading for hard times,
I’m actually shook that Deal or No Deal’s PR team haven’t thought to come back for a brexit special
But you still want to go ahead with the absolute clusterfuck that is brexit! You should stand aside and let somebody else lead.The worst Tory party in fukn living memory and it’s still neck and neck in the polls.
#Brexit won't affect UK-EU flights says Transport Secretary Chris Grayling - "Both the UK and EU have a determination to retain the #aviation links which bring such significant and cultural benefits for both sides"
The Trump plague blinds conservative twits to their own folly. Reliance on Reaganite anti-govt rhetoric made him inevitable, and their delusions keep him in power.
Labour's stance has been principled throughout. Unsurprisingly — it's articulated by a principled leader, in turn backed up by a principled mass membership. Corbyn's strategism is outwitting May, govt. &amp; commentariat. And Centrists blunder on, kowtowing to May's game-playing.
"Some people say a wall on the southern border is the only way to protect us from NK's missiles." (I'd also expect some NATO jab and the UK's vote on Brexit/May)
Can you explain why this does not form the basis of "A Customs Union/Relationship" with #EU and solve #Ireland Border Impasse? #Brexit #UK
May will stick to Brexit 'principles' in cross-party talks, says No 10. Spokesman says PM will not change her stance on customs union or second referendum.
Euro and Sterling in percentage terms post-Brexit vote
Tough shit you fcuking weasel!!
#Thursdaymotivation for a #PeoplesVote We should #Remain not #Brexit
Huawei, Brexit, Jack Bogle: CEO Daily for January 17, 2019
Why teach the benefits of free markets and immigration — or the dangers of socialism and nativism — when history had already rendered a verdict?
The Malign Incompetence of the British Ruling Class - #Brexit
Jeremy Corbyn calls on Theresa May to 'take no-deal off the table' and 'ditch the red lines' - ITV News
This whole Brexit debacle reminds me of May at the home office. Was advised over and over again not to pursue cases in court but pressed ahead and ultimately lost all of them.
Has it occurred to the remainers that pushing the fear stories, name calling Pro Brexit voters thick white racists, and lording your perceived intellectual superiority over others, merely hardens people's Brexit leaning. Another referendum may yeild a surprise.
Lost you when you tried to use the last election result as evidence that the public still want Brexit. Switched off then - if you're going to keep regurgitating that line there's no point you continuing.
Brexit - hurts the many, not the few.
Post brexit the isle of white will be abandoned. And be re-named 'the isle of the dead' and shall forever after be known as a place where FBPE people go to live out the remainder of their days.
What he said.
Honestly don’t understand the relationship between “Theresa May’s plan for Brexit is awful” and “Yeah, but she should stay on as PM.”
BBC Censors SNP Ian Blackford's Brexit Speech, Scots Vent Anger on Twitter: via
Also don't get me wrong I don't like her one bit and I think shes screwing Brexit up big time.
Scotland should have Indyref2 if UK leaves EU, new poll reveals
Methinks the DUP and ERG are about accept some kind off backstop that gets Brexit over the line, only reman Tories if enough of them are ruthless enough can stop Brexit if DUP back May's deal.
Person who thinks they're fighting for the working class counts Gove as a hero - Brexit is twisted.
`bbcnews Well, It would appear that the cretins are conspiring to negate the peoples choice of brexit. Oh for a government that can govern sensibly and intelligently , casting aside their idealism and self interest.Will Tereasona have enough knighthoods to give them.
But if Labour didn't call for no confidence (which was set out in the Brexit composite) Cable would STILL be playing petty parlour games.
Three steps Britain can take after the defeat of Theresa May’s deal in House of Commons via
Proof that there’s just one wrecker in #UK #BREXIT stalemate. It’s your stablehand . Aided and abetted by the the rest of the pack who dance to your whip.
If Joanna says it, it must be true!
(Daily Express):NO-DEAL #BREXIT WARNING: Brussels plans #TOUR to prepare bloc amid Theresa May chaos : EU leaders have been warned to significantly increase their work on no deal preparations with Brussels planning a tour of the ..
No no no! That is cheating! The leavers won! That’s that. The question has to be The-renegotiated-cross-party-approved-ratified-by-EU-Deal vs #NoDeal! After #brexit can then pass law allowing a second referendum: current Brexit reality v rejoin #toolatetoturnbacknow
Jones is just trying to justify Corbyn's back stab over Brexit. He's realised he's put all his eggs into the Corbyn basket, which Corbyn just smashed. Momentum now know that Corbyn doesn't care about them at all. It must hurt really bad. Need to justify it all away.
This sounds really feasible &amp; fits with ukc assertion from the beginning that Brexit was NEVER going to happen. Respect very much
they should of sent Mr Millard in to negotiate Brexit.
Yeah Brexit is bad and whatever but when we leave owes me £20 so it’s not that financially tragic
Thinking about it, the best reason for a No Deal Brexit is that it would cause the Guardian to self-implode out of sheer rage and anger
Brexit LIVE: Hammond's plot to WITHDRAW Art 50 and block no deal - REVEALED | Politics | News |
Please sign &amp; RT this petition, it means a lot to me: via
I think we can conclude that the government was right to pursue Brexit in the interests of democracy and those of the people of Britain
, our Global Co-Chair on Data Protection, Privacy and Security, speaks to Bloomberg about the risk of a No-Deal Brexit to data flows between the EU and UK
No deal is a choice. Make the default position either extension or no Brexit.
Theresa May Must ‘Ditch Red Lines’ On Brexit — Opposition Leader
“I know of one backbencher who would be here if he had not received a credible death threat.” Don't give in to terror, folks
Exactly. If the #EU has nothing to fear because it's milk and honey Lulu land than why be #harsh to the #UK ? #Brexit should not be a form of punishment and there should be no fear of others leaving if it is so good.
Not really a betrayal, anyone who couldn't see May was working for Remain from the start should've gone to Specsavers #RemainerMay #RemainShill
Not qualified to say if he is wrong about Brexit but a sober look at recent events in France suggest his 'sans ambiguite' is not exactly going down a bomb there, i.e the heart of the EU. Sometimes we should be careful about what we are wishing for.
This is a very good #Brexit thread, which outlines how this utter political shitshow - thanks to a merger of unlikely and unwanted situations - is something a miracle.
The whole of the Establishment is the problem, puppets of the globalist elite. Now is the time for real change. We need a party of the People for the People. Brexit in full with No Deals and to start putting the people of Britain first! WWG1WGA #YellowVestsUK
You're an absolute goon. Take this advice on board: stop projecting. I'll be fine. Brexit will fuck this country, only an idiot can't see that. Enjoy the ensuing mess that you helped to create. See ya princess x
'Decide the vision and destiny of our nation' = let's make the UK a tax haven with no regulation, with no workers or human rights, in the name of profit. #brexit
Serious people have thought about the causes of what happened in the referendum for two and a half years. Now we need our politicians to campaign to deal with these, as we start preparing for a new referendum.
Wait for the panic buying to start. Just like Christmas but zero presents ;-) #stockpile #brexit
Having helped to get us into this mess, it would be great if actually invited people on who understand the subject rather than MP's that are clueless &amp; lobbyists with an agenda. try to do this.
Tory MSP criticises Church of Scotland for weighing in on Brexit - The Courier
#May is a stalking horse for the hard right. Purposely wasting time until no deal brexit is the only option
Was there interference by the Obama administration in Brexit affairs? What was the quid pro quo for British Intelligence to spy on Americans?
“Proffering narrow economic explanations for political dissent distracts from the deeper cultural and political factors behind things like the Brexit vote, or the emergence of the gilets jaunes in France”
I voted remain and truly thought the Tories had a plan for brexit so I was not too worried. Now we hear 'no food' 'no medicines' as if that is something natural and acceptable. #SayNoToNoDeal
May's road to nowhere, and the EFTA route to Brexit - The Commentator
Speaks on #Brexit after winning #NoConfidenceMotion by 19 votes... #TKOFFICIALMC
Or, even, "If no deal is agreed upon, the government will support being in a customs union with the EU after Brexit."
Brexit news latest: Support for staying in EU hits highest level since referendum as 56 per cent say no to Brexit | London Evening Standard
Strong stuff from RIchard Forristal... Irish racing's switch to RTV is our Brexit and the impact will be long-lasting
British PM battles to keep Brexit on track after no-confidence win via
I heard a word today that I had to look up. Febrile meaning feverish or fevered. This was in conversation about the Government &amp; Brexit. I thought it a great word.
Agreed. I can't imagine how has come to the conclusion that withdrawing Article 50 would preserve democracy and social cohesion, or even end the Brexit process. Leaving with no deal would at least honour democratic vote and move us to next stage of Brexit process.
No holding back here.
#Brexit goes on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on thanks to , ,
Brexit explained: Why does the Border matter and what is the backstop? via
It's time to stop campaigning for a #PeoplesVote and time to restart the campaign to Remain... We must make the case for staying in the EU because a referendum will happen whether we like it or not!
I THINK they mean put a backstop through Parliament
Why to offer cross party talks to agree on a #Brexit deal that everyone agrees to, when you insist before that you will only accept a result that meets your demands. #TheresaMay &amp; #JeremyCorbyn, both are not fit to rule our country.
grills on #Brexit (16Jan19) “... I will not vote against her ( ) to put a Marxist in 10 Downing Street. I’m a Conservative.”
British ports - The ports industry notes developments in Parliament this evening and some in our sector will have real concern about the increasing possibility of a ‘no deal’ Brexit…
Anyway, anything to be said for a Brexit from Ireland lads?!?!?!?!?!?!
You haven't seen the latest Com Res poll on this issue. 75% of people think you're all a waste of space - and they are correct. You are. x
Am I being particularly dense here? No-one can take the default position (no deal) off the table. Can they?
It’s good to get some good news in amongst the Brexit madness but this is pushing it a bit
One thing we have learned from the Brexit disaster is that far too much power &amp; influence lies solely in the hands of the Prime Minister &amp; leader of the Opposition &amp; when that is a combination of May &amp; Corbyn it’s a disaster waiting to happen #PeoplesVote
INFH UXEYX 170119150202
A semi-Brexit, with just England and Wales leaving the EU, is the solution | Kim Lane Scheppele
I salute you for meeting with PM and expressing the views of many of the 16.2 million who voted Remain and the 3 million now feeling unwanted in UK. What a disgrace that the dear Labour leader unwilling to do same. He has wasted opportunity to push for his version of Brexit.
While Labour prop up a Tory Brexit? Probably not the time to be throwing stones Owen...
Nobody’s looking good, but Brexit-supporting papers looking bad.
Latest on #business - call for end to #Brexit uncertainty, grows and #WestMidlands housing market on hold:
Brexit and the U.S. shutdown reflect a new political reality: We can stop what we don’t want but can’t enable what we need, writes
Remainer Chancellor Tells Big Business MPs Will Stop Clean Brexit in Leaked Call
Construction forecasters bet on delayed soft Brexit #construction #news #uk #brexit
Delingpole: Brexit Is Now Hanging by a Thread
British PM May Survives Confidence Vote But Faces Immediate Brexit Crisis
Delingpole: Brexit Is Now Hanging by a Thread
The EU needs to protect the peace re UK, but also protect the peace as a whole. We see all over that compromise with the forces behind Brexit only pushes us further down the slippery slope. The UK is making a deal impossible. You say Germany 1918, I counter with Munich 1938.
What does making your #business Brexit-ready really look like? We've put together some basic steps all businesses should be considering #brexit
Not sure if Larry's been paying close enough attention to what's been happening in British politics of late...
While markets are trading consistently with a slight prediction towards a “No Deal” future, the market movements in either case are likely to be large. Find out more: #Brexit
#gold price at the moment. Thus far it has held flat against Brexit soapie mess
Respect to Hachette U.K. ....Shame in the UK government for not doing this for its own civil servants and requiring it of all EU people in U.K. who only exercised their legal rights!
Vince Cable: Lib Dems will not back fresh Labour bids to topple Theresa May amid Brexit talks row via
Good piece. "market calmness belies the coming storm. Theresa May’s victory does not change the situation. The U.K. is still heading inexorably for a no-deal Brexit on March 29th." #Brexit
What is the meaning of this? First #Brexit, now this! #FirstWorldProblems #firstclass #sausageroll #DespiteBrexit
Stop playing games corbyn.... the PM has asked to you to get this #brexit plan thru ..... man up and help
I agreed. Brexit was a con; TMs £39 Bn Remain without Rights, endless negotiations blackmail trap, disguised as Leave, is a con. If Leave No Deal will be a disaster. REMAIN IS THE BEST DEAL NOW - any other deal will leave us poorer with less rights - Time to Revoke Article 50.
Army reserves called up for no-deal Brexit starting in three weeks for up to a year.
Uh-huh. And all the SIs that need to be in place? How will they be dealt with without a Parliament?
No - they’re trying to stop corbyn enabling Brexit and using it for political games... as well you know
Not surprised,its an obvious trap If he turns up she'll put forward her plan &amp; claimed he must agree cos he was there Amateur!
Britain's main opposition Labour party could back a second Brexit referendum if its proposals for leaving the EU are shunned by the government and a no-deal scenario looks likely, leader Jeremy Corbyn said on Thursday.
Only the English can invent the #Brexit process. After all they invented the maze.
If you’d rather lay the blame on a small amount of eligible voters aged 18 to 24 for not voting at all than the mass ranks of elderly who did vote overwhelmingly for Brexit then maybe there’s a reason why you’re being criticised. And I’m no fun whatsoever on a night out.
ORDEEEEEEERRR
exactly, the brexit debate especially around fishing showed up the big money players who have bough up all the UK fishing rights, its not countries but money that is dictating now, as always i suspect, the balance of power needs to be highlighted and exposed
Opinion | Theresa May’s Brexit plan isn’t dead yet
Tony Blair joins attack on Corbyn for REFUSING to hold Brexit talks
I think you’re in a protected trade. My business is based on working with EU businesses promoting and marketing them in UK. They’re not spending as they won’t be able to sell here post Brexit. Were feeling it bad already, I admire your optimism, but don’t share it.
Not looking good in Europe;
Essence of Brexit and Trump
Living in Spain with a UK driver’s licence? A no-deal Brexit could mean you have to pass your test again!
The majority of people are against Brexit and want to REMAIN
If it wasn’t for the EU my city would be stuck in the 80s. The investment they have made that consecutive governments refused to is the reason for the development we have seen over the past 20 odd years. Brexit under the Tory’s would starve the north of investment.
So no movement - I guess can start no deal preparation now... gets his #Brexit as he always wanted
Of course he should but don’t think Corbyn wants to discuss anything with a strong minded female - he only wants doting ones as look what happened with his first two wives when they disagreed with him !
Stalemate
The Maybot will stubbornly stick to discredited Brexshit principles' in useless cross-party talks, says No 10
Anti-Corbyn Remainers, in which category I count myself, know that he himself is the biggest obstacle to stopping Brexit and having a People's Vote. And also some of us blame him in part for the result in 2016.
Rubbish Fallon was on a conference call to 130 business people yesterday, telling them there would be not be a no deal brexit
Pro-EU UK Conservative lawmaker puts forward legislation for second Brexit referendum
It is the CW, but I don't understand why some conservatives want a US of Europe. It is a socialist, undemocratic, anti-American monolith. Thatcher opposed European integration but embraced free trade/markets. THAT is what conservatives should desire. #Brexit
Imagine treating the people who sacrificed so much and lost so much through various wars for our right to be a nation just for this cum guzzler to toss their view aside. This is why I don't give a shit about brexit, because I don't want to stoop to these levels like you all have.
The Malign Incompetence of the British Ruling Class
I'm so fucking sick of Brexit that I'd probably watch a televised game of some youths kicking an empty beer can around a car park if it meant not listening to the same old 'Will of the People' bollocks from Theresa May.
So, did anyone know that Brexit is not happening?
Ah, so I don't care if it's Ironic or sincere anymoreDo not post pro-brexit/tory shit at me!
Surely this has to come under the label of hate crime. Why is she allowed to say these things? How can they actually have a web site to say how many leave voters have died?
Adam, U must have a short memory! DavidDavis, Brexit Secretary, Liam Fox Trade, Boris Johnson, Foreign Secretary. ALL there from the start promising Brexit unicorns..easiest trade deal in history. Then Brexiter ALL failed &amp; jumped ship
Supporting medical crews at #Brexit with Prime Media Safety
Chlorinated chicken and unaffordable cancer treatment. Yay brexit!... I'm told this is 'Project Fear', but I'm not afraid. It will be a shame to see our country so broken and defeated by it that we sell the family jewels for the sake of fake sovereignty and tax cuts for the rich.
We need an election right now like we need a hole in the head. We need EU/Brexit action
Corbyn is annoying me right now. Just chat to May about Brexit will ya. Media have enough bullshit to spread on a normal day, don’t Fuel it, just do yourself and every Labour supporter a favour please.
I know this is going to sound fucking crazy, but I think he secretly wants a no deal Brexit.
another one , never off the telly - will be speaking on a platform with IDS , McVile , Kate Hoey etc , at a Brexit Horror show
Thanks to Richard for the retweet ! Looking forward to catching up and sharing other amazing news !
Ant McPartlin returning to work with Dec......one assumes that it is to be in charge of Brexit?
Too Late...
Interesting research here - we are currently exploring the implications of news media portrayal in our field sites across three regions in the UK #brexit
The Tories can have a second leadership race and now call for a second vote in parliament - but yet the people can't have a second say on the Brexit ref? #PeoplesVote
If we go into negotiations without the threat of walking away with no deal, the EU will offer us the worst possible deal knowing we’ll either have to accept it or not leave at all ignoring the wishes o 17.4m who voted for Brexit. You sir are an idiot.
No-deal Brexit will kill startups, say eco-coffee capsule firm bosses #sme #smallbiz
I would never vote again and I would cut up my party membership if there was another vote on the leave package Keep Hard Brexit on table and tough if Corbyn is rude not to meet with you so tough if he doesn’t like the outcome Just make sure we leave on 29/3
If we Brexit we’re all losers....
It will hilarious when all these MPs either lose their seats and Corbyn gets in. The Tory Party doesn’t deliver full clean Brexit millions of people will never vote for them again. Including me.
I can’t imagine Corbyn as PM wouldn’t be highly preferable to either actually enacting Brexit or continuing in limbo. But I’m a Brit govt novice.
was a #Remainer from day one, this was suppose to be a #brexitgovernment, thus a #probrexit PM was needed. isn't she the main problem here? she doesn't support Brexit, hence she won't push for a concrete deal, her heart is not into it #corbyn #TheresaMay
Zack Beauchamp from Tuesday: A Brexit agreement that pleases all sides has always been impossible, because Brexit was built on a lie.
I hope it hasn't escaped notice that targets of Russian disinformation have seen their countries implode, ie trump and brexit. There's a notion that b/c some pages look so cartoonishly, over the top fake that campaigns were unsuccessful. No--they couldn't have achieved more.
Thank you Caroline for being open and honest to the PM! You represent me and all those who are frightened of Brexit and want #PeoplesVoteNow
attends a UK in a Changing Europe "Beer &amp; Brexit" event with Jacob Rees-Mogg
If you’re a Nutritionist in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a fiasco for you. If you live in the South West of England then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this misery! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
its not unwanted, willie - look at the polling. unwanted would better apply to the lib dems in scotland.
Exactly so. Corbyn hasn’t got a hope of making Brexit a success, but the blame for Brexit lies with Tories, Russia, and far right. The lies and spin won’t go away, the deceit and refusal to deal with the real culprits are going to hang round Tory necks for decades.
Petition: Brexit re article 50 it must not be suspended/stopped under any circumstances
This seems sensible to me
Don't give the opposition free exposure on social media. | #brexit #scotref #indyref2
Theresa May must ‘ditch red lines’ on Brexit — Opposition Leader
Our #mortgage broker celebrated 29 years in the business recently. Don't worry about Brexit uncertainty; Glenn can help most clients to find a good deal, even with difficult credit histories.
No Brexit spells the end of democracy
Visitors from EU countries to London falls 750,000 amid ‘#Brexit boycott’ - Evening Standard
“If we don t fix this issue now, Brexit, soft or hard, party politics, labour or tories, trade deals or not... none of it will matter. Every nation has their head so much up their own…
Can”t say fairer than this! BREXIT EXPLAINED.... David Cameron made a promise he didn't think he'd have to keep to have a referendum he didn't think he would lose. Boris Johnson decided to back the side he didn't...
Jim. I'd be delighted to be rid of this awful government. But labour isn't going to win without a coherent Brexit policy - your party's current approach is incoherent gibberish.
A phenomenal summary. Brexit in bullet points...
Holy Crap! Army Reservists could be called into Permanent service next month - to defend 'Regional Points of Command'. NOW do you see how serious this Brexit car crash is?
Support for Remain at 56%, highest since referendum, Brexit poll finds And 82% of Labour voters want to Remain. 82%! Are you listening ?
says the person who did not vote against the disastrous CETA which will make it very hard for a national government to implement socialist policies. On top of that, you have not provided any evidence that No Deal Brexit is a disaster. Shame. #StopCeta
Absolutely stupid woman you’re right Nigel you can’t make this shit up where we these people educated for goodness sake
where’s my call with the Chancellor to lobby him on the Brexit i want? asking for 17.4m deplorables
Cable has been calling for a no confidence motion for weeks, and for no deal to be off the table forever. Yet as soon as Labour do it, it's "political games". And people wonder why the Lib Dems can't get into double figures in the polls despite being legitimate anti-Brexit party!
Aah, you’ve actually looked something up. See it’s easy isn’t it? I wondered if you would bother or just let me get away with that completely made up figure. Remain fines not that much relatively
It's such a shame there isn't any historical precedent for those efforts they could refer to and learn from. All hail Chairman May and her glorious thousand year Brexit.
Posted...
UK PM May survives confidence vote after Brexit humiliation British Prime Minister Theresa May on Wednesday survived a no-confidence vote sparked by the crushing defeat of her Brexit deal just weeks before the UK leaves the European Union.
They've been pretty quiet on the spam situation after Brexit. Might bring it up later. In fact I'll almost certainly bring it up later... #1pmchat #ThursdayThoughts
No-deal Brexit warning for UK drivers. Big deal Zzzzzzzzxz I don’t care. I just want to leave that good for nothing institution!!
Likelihood of hard #Brexit may increase odds of no Brexit. That might be best thing for everyone
If #Brexit happens, then to discourage future leavers the EU will *have* to inflict maximum damage on the traitors of Britain. So that'll be the economic equivalent of hanging, drawing and quartering. Brexit is an existential threat to the EU, and cannot go unpunished.
Being outside of the Sm &amp; CU is not "negotiating a soft brexit compromise". It's cake &amp; unicorns.
#PeoplesVote #brexitshambles #BrexitVote #Brexit If you have not read Marina Hyde do Look up her article on G Osbourne's initiation into the Bullington club. Funniest thing I've read in a paper. Welcome to the Westminster apocalypse.
so #libdems #vincecable supporting lame duck prime minister who is running the #clockdown and bringing back her failed #brexit deal to parliament on 29 january with no change just as #corbyn said they would #tories #Labour
January, 2019. Everything is a metaphor for Brexit.
please ask for copies of #Brexitometers up And down the UK in the last 2 or so years. They'll give you a very good idea of what the people NOW want.
Time for a quick Brexit break to reflect on late capitalism's commodification of young blood for wealthy vampires. (On further reflection there's no getting round Brexit.)
#Brexit Plan B... will feet stay dry.
I try not to get involved in your country’s domestic politics. Mine is more of a Brexit and Human Rights focus.
There is no real chance the UK gov't can renegotiate the Withdrawal Agreement with the EU. The only sane choice left is revoking Article 50. (Mad dogs and Englishmen, though...)
Brexit is antithetical to working constructively and finding a way forward. It is rooted in nostalgia for the 'good old days' that never actually existed. #memberberries
i cant listen to anymore the people who call in are class A wankers who don't know 90% of what they are debating #getyourfactsright #jeremyvine #brExit #theresamay #vegan #2k19 #veganuary
Im the bollocks boy in red undies arent i cool. Peta..
Too right - we must keep focused on the wider agenda - it’s not all about Brexit!
Believe it when I see it
REALITY. In a market place where there is no scarce resource, the consumer holds the major cards.
*sigh* You just signed up my whole govt career in one tweet. SR
I can translate. Piffle piffle piffle waffle waffle bullshit waffle piffle piffle waffle courgettes on my allotment are my priority, not the damage that Brexit means for British workers.
Brexit: the perfect storm
First-time buyers shrug off Brexit saga as Help to Buy Schemes encourage more to get on the ladder
Dont like Brexit, then feel free to leave.
Vince in his hat winning #Brexit worried face today.
All this #Brexit talk is making my head spin. Drastic action is needed and I can only think of one man who can sort this mess out
Government confirms plan to call up army reservists in the event of no-deal Brexit via
on a aimilar vein today wore a $*%&amp; Brexit Tshirt regarding the democratic vote for the UK to leave the EU.
Peter is off his binoculars.
Then it’s not a negotiation is it ?
Then it was the issue of brexit and Venezuela existence Although Taiwan and Indonesia should have made a judgement in the court of Antarctica and throw the people of Hitachi in volcano and eat the blocked accounts on twitter.
Labour MPs tell Corbyn to back a second referendum
Ha ha. Good man!
Folk shift up through bands of maturing opinion. Representation is needed re all the stages we are going 2b entering, not just where we are now. Th broader a voter's circle is (familial,professional,political) the more likely they will vote broadly, not for self-interest #brexit
Hard Brexit?
The latest The Stephane Klemm Daily ! Thanks to #giletsjaunes #brexit
None of the above! The whole of the Establishment is the problem, puppets of the globalist elite. Now is the time for real change. We need a party of the People for the People. Brexit in full with No Deals and to start putting the people of Britain first! WWG1WGA #YellowVestsUK
I agree. Let's remember that if the UK goes into recession. It will be Germany's fault, not Brexit's.
Remainer Chancellor Tells Big Business MPs Will Stop Clean Brexit in Leaked Call via
Pharma comments on Brexit withdrawal rejection #pharma #brexit
... Millions of EU citizens can't access personal records, high court told
CU will trash UK economy &amp; NHS as opens up UK economy to states that have FTAs with EU but not reciprocated &amp; UK prevented by backstop Deal to protect or provide state aid even in form of tax incentives - backstop deal is anti-business &amp; anti-Tory for God's sake ! #NoDealBrexit
Green card insurance plans show disastrous impact of no-deal Brexit -
Channel 4 socialist news with lefties presenters who are anti Tory pre Brexit. I gave up watching this bias news channel many years ago, worse than the BBC!
TheManufacturer: RT AiredaleC: Interesting comment on the current Brexit status from See_Chem_Bus on TheManufacturer given that 63% of our industry exports globally
'Order!' Why Europeans are turning to John Bercow for light relief in Brexit chaos – video
You don’t want to work with a party who have opposing views (but not that radically) on Brexit to stop a Tory hard/no deal Brexit, but you’re happy to work with a party who have pushed children into poverty, cut mental health services and slashed schools budgets? Right...
Thread!
Really?? Polls have been wrong many times before.
Europe is getting worried!! No deal then we negotiate on our terms!!!
If you're a UK company planning on driving to Europe after March 29, with kit for #events then you need to consider this... #eventprofs #Brexit #events No-deal Brexit warning for UK drivers
It's a huge day for Brexit — but the divorce deal appears doomed
Madness, surely!
The UK is not at war, so why are armed services reservists being put on standby? I thought #Brexit was supposed to solve all the countries ills, not put it on a war footing. They'll be printing ration books next. Come on #Leavers surely now it is time to #StopBrexitSaveBritain
She remains a Remainer. Always plan to produce a "deal" we'd fall for but was always BRexit In Name Only – BRINO. Come on Boris – your country needs you. Your PARTY needs you.
Don’t rely on Germany to solve Brexit, it doesn’t need to help Britain | Alan Posenor
Emmanuel Macron’s Brexit speech went viral because he nails it rather well
???? Threatening a referendum is bad as she should be working to have a referendum. ???????
'Order!' Why Europeans are turning to John Bercow for light relief in Brexit chaos – video via
The European Commission will take temporary measures to maintain banks' access to UK-based clearing houses in case of a no-deal Brexit, European Central Bank board member Sabine Lautenschlaeger said on Thursday.
At this point u have a better chance getting a brexit supporting corbyn for pm than may because at least he is ideologically behind it in contrast to may
Unless you get a deal with either ... and with Brexit, that seems unlikely.
Surely the logical thing is a 2nd referendum that has an actual boundary that needs to be reached? On either side, a barely 50% win should not be a win.
As a liberal elitist remoaner, I don't like football. (Actually, I just happen not to like it.) But I'd rather have watched football than that robotic rubbish spouted by May last night. #strongandstable #brexit
Westminster parliamentary democracy is a beautiful beast, especially in the hands of serious expert practicitioners.
UK Brexit Betrayal Accelerates
The adulation from morons has actually gone to his head. She should offer to appoint him her Brexit secretary.
Only a rupture with the EU will alter the failed status quo | Larry Elliott | Opinion | The Guardian
Brilliant Julia, you speak for us 52%
INFH UXEYX 170119150317
So...not everything then?
I'm pretty sure Macron has more pressing matters that are closer to home that he should be dealing with.
BREXIT LINK ALERT: DEFCON 5. It’s stressful out there and we all have different views. In uncertain times, exercise can be a great coping mechanism. At The Gym, EVERYONE is welcome.…
Brexit talks: What does the DUP want?
And very quietly and politely, the Japanese begin their withdrawal of UK investment. £40billion at risk due to Brexit. #Hitachi #Brexit
What does the EU need to do about the backstop to reach a deal with the UK? Crispin Blunt MP says withdraw backstop and have free trade with the UK. Could you make more sense please? #Brexit #PeoplesVote #FBPE #c4news #alloutpolitics #Peston
Hey racist, isolationist a$$holes, how ya enjoying the breakdown of western civilization? #Brexit #TrumpShutdown
, if this were a book I would be complaining the plot was bat-shit insane and would never happen
Philip Hammond faces Cabinet backlash over no-deal Brexit as ministers say he is a 'rogue element'
Also there is no consensus to be had when roughly half of people don't want Brexit at all and that's apparently not on the table.
Another #referendum, a new deal negotiated with the EU, another attempt at getting the rejected #Brexit deal passed through parliament or a no deal? We asked UK #manufacturers what they want to happen. #Ukmfg #BrexitVote
Absolutely excoriating. And I fear it is all too accurate.
Outstanding
Brexit news: Labour's Barry Gardiner loses TEMPER with Sky News host Sarah-Jane Mee | UK | News |
60% of respondents in the pharmaceutical sector say that #NoBrexit is the best outcome for Pharma. Read more of Alexandra Annis's comment following May's defeat on Tuesday.
A peoples vote should not include remain.... It should give everyone a chance to tell govt what sort of brexit we want. I suspect it would be to stay in market and customs. Then govt should get on with it.
I agree that the mere passage of time is not enough to justify a 2nd ref. The problem I think is caused (at least in part) by a failure of politicians to explain clearly what Brexit might look like, and also by the binary nature of the question. :-(
If you want in #Brexit talks get your office to tell him it's the IRA or Hamas asking for a meeting he'll be there like a shot.
Just occurred to me ... Bat Fever would certainly solve the Brexit fiasco.
Write the word logic on a piece of paper, screw it up and throw it out of the window. That would illustrate what you would be debating that point with for individuals who talk about democracy being undermined, betrayal, Brexit being Brexit, will of the people etc
calls for clarity as #Brexit flight cap looms by
Dear , Your stats are tainted. Thousands of #LibDems voted tactically for Corbyn last time. They’re Remainers. It is a lie to say these votes were for Brexit supporting parties. They were simply votes against you. Please stop repeating this lie or publishing it.
As the #UK and #EU27 are stepping up the funds they are committing to #NoDeal #Brexit planning it makes sense not to waste that investment. The UK should leave with a #NoDealBrexit on #WTO terms and not pay the #EU £39 billion -they do not deserve a penny for their intransigence.
Backlash against 'pathetic' government Brexit ad campaign by #brexit #brexitadcampaign
Are you talking a squad rotation system? So Brexit is like the FA cup? Neither side plays their strongest team? Could work, give the youngsters a chance. What you think ?
May Back In Brexit Talks After Dramatic 48 Hours via ActionForex #forex #fx
Let’s seize the moment &amp; understand how our democracy can be strengthened in order to unblock this Brexit stalemate. Improving the democratic processes has been ignored for far too long.
Look at these images and see what I mean. #redcups College party or Brexit negotiations? You just can't tell the difference anymore.
How can this be, Theresa May said consistently there is no plan B MP's to vote on Brexit plan B on 29 January Sent via
Best thing ever. Volcanoes &gt; Brexit.
The sad thing is most Tory candidates PRETEND to be eurosceptic. If candidates were honest with the electorate, we would have a Brexit majority of 150+ right now in parliament. British democracy is a sham.
Although #Brexit will heavily dominate the news early 2019 and throughout there will be a number of #employmentlaw developments in 2019. Make sure you are fully clued up via #Krowmark #Workwear #Brexit #EmploymentLaw #Personnel
Looks like #TimMartin is getting desperate now he realises there no support for a #NoDealBrexit as I'm getting Wetherspoons propaganda in the post now! #FBPE #Brexit
#Examine #dig &amp; #consign #surprising #preferred #messages in 'Rev Against Taboo:Sexual Revolution' Thanks to #brexit #sherlockholmes
Gold prices have been supported by a variety of factors including expectations of a pause in Fed rate hike cycle, prolonged partial US government shutdown, a possible pause in the US Federal Reserve’s rate hike cycle, and concerns surrounding Brexit.
Retweet if your Fed up of parliament getting nowhere with brexit???
Can politicians stop saying that 80% of people voted 4 pro brexit parties in GE as if we were all leavers. Many did so on other issues/ because local candidate was remain/ because remain apps recommended it tactically and because Labour's position had been carefully ambiguous.
How Swedish Business Sees Brexit - Forbes #nordic #sweden #swedish
The latest Sky Go Daily! #brexit #ghostbusters
More than 170 business leaders join call for second Brexit referendum
"Reaching out" "Cross party" ... No, you can't actually have any say!
‘The news cycle is so fast nowadays, we forget what our leaders once said.'
After 2 1/2 years of further division from your Tory Brexit, listening to no one, you have the rudeness to ask us to 'come together'. No, you come over here now to a #PeoplesVote . You've had your go.
Brexit - we have 2 Unionists Parties Both with the same lack of ideas
The Controlled Demolition of Brexit - #NewWorldNextWeek via
#Brexit: No One really remembers how the whole thing started and No one knows how it'll end. But will help the #ParisTalks participants see what's to come. See you at in March. &gt;&gt;&gt; #JeudiPhoto #SAVE_ME #ConfLarcher #WayV_DEBUT
#Labour will only consider new Brexit referendum if UK is facing 'no-deal disaster', says Corbyn #news
Hahaha he is going nowhere until they have denied us brexit
Where is Brexit going? It remains a question.
#WTOBrexit is the real #Brexit we voted for. There's no downside to #WTOBrexit (except for the failing #EU). If this clean #Brexit is coupled with Lisbon Article 24 no one dealing with the EU would even notice the difference from today while we do a proper FTA deal.
Why was there no Brexit plan? Drawn up 30 years ago??
'We WILL be listened to!' Hartley-Brewer has DIRE WARNING for Theresa May
Majority of #brexit #leave voters did so to stop free movement. Any deal with that in is pointless and we might as well not leave..... what majority are we actually trying to please here?
May Survives Confidence Vote, But Now Must Deliver a New Brexit Plan via
I enjoyed channeling during the #NoConfidenceMotion saying that Theresa May’s #Brexit deal defeat was more than “a mere flesh wound”.
British PM May Survives Confidence Vote But Faces Immediate Brexit Crisis
Brexit news: Julia Hartley-Brewer has DIRE WARNING for Theresa May | UK | News |
Lying untrustworthy Tory.... just watering down #Brexit
English Youth Say BreXit Now! RT #LiberalFuture #LF #NationalLiberalism #SelfDetermination #England #English #Youth #Brexit #BreXitNow #X
Long past his departure time. How has Philip kept his job in May's cabinet?
The latest Del Timbo Al Tambo Daily! Thanks to #10yearchallenge #brexit
This important piece places the Britain's imperialist delusions -- and our own -- in their proper historical context.
You’re really showing your ignorance here It’s your brexit supporting DUP mates who bang drums &amp; stoke hate They support #Brexit precisely bc it stokes the hatred they thrive on for their identity politics 1/
No, they’ve already won the battle and they’re waiting for it to be honoured. Cite European Withdrawal Act 2018.
How many of 's actions have resulted in the death of thousands of people? How many of 's actions have resulted in the death of thousands of people? Just wondering?
Hey folks: we are helping out pound while Theresa is working things out with Tories on #Brexit. #Tatiana cc:
Uk is not a nation though but I get what you mean. Yes Cameron set it in motion but it's been on the cards for a long time. Brexit is just the last straw.
I’m fully against Brexit,that is a mix of fascism, ignorance, lack of vision, lack of modernity, fear mongering but I am fed up with Macron’s arrogance. A fireman/protester has been shot in the head. There are many trouble makers among Yellow Jackets, but Macron is going too far
BBCNEWS 6:02am NEW BREXIT COMMONS VOTE. MPs will vote on Brexit next steps on 29th January; I '
Brexit as the Partition of Europe. Never underestimate the feckless confidence of a English public schoolboy.
Though also this...
also need to consider that under no-deal Brexit (and probably any other Brexit) those UK farmers will be losing their CAP payments from the EU so will be under more pressure to raise prices to cover losses anyway. Even more unprofitable
Like everyone. At the moment #EU is on its shifting sands. #brexit is the biggest proof that it doesn't want to reform.
Extending the #Brexit deadline is "inevitable" says Tony Blair: "If I was the government now, I would already be having discussions with Europe about the terms of an extension" #r4today...
Thanks to for running article - looking forward to catching up and sharing more amazing news Richard !
This makes me really, really happy (and makes me feel a bit safer - well it would if I used the route but all hail to things getting moving.)
I mean if you can't achieve Lexit you go for soft Brexit, that's what they said all along I thought?
But she can’t rule out a No Deal outcome. It’s written into UK law that we will leave the EU with or without a deal on the 29th March 2019. With or without a deal.
Doesn't strike me as a lot of meat here. How can you rule out "no deal" if you can't outline a realistic deal? And if you can't actually rule out no deal, surely you should spend some money on preparing for it...
WHO IS ASKING? NOT the majority of British VOTERS!
Not only is it a lack of Brexit clarity, Corbyn has a fear of an immediate election b/c he honestly does not know whether to campaign for a second referendum and lose Labour voters in the north or just leave the EU into a customs union and lose votes from the metropolitan areas.
Brexit vote date set: Theresa May has less than two weeks to find new deal: MPS will debate and… #Brexit #ClickBait
Good read of the day. May our own entitled nabobs learn from this.
He’s right but French so we can’t listen as a matter of pride
The only thing worse than a Tory brexit disaster would be a Labour brexit disaster. Venezuela styled policies are a definite no,no.
If there was a post-Brexit dance-off, my money is on . Girl got moves.
1. This account is not about party politics. Other accounts are available for political commentary. There is good and bad in all mainstream parties. But I cannot understand Labour policy on Brexit. It is not so much that I disagree with it, I just cannot comprehend it.
Corbyn goes for No Deal outcome, but Tories must take any fallout
You would like not having being rejected. But all this brexit process was the result of decision of those you decided to represent. What has been decided by parlement is to reject what you have tried to do. What is fixed now. That's the way!
A story that has nothing to do with Brexit but all to with global control of what we all chose to do. The Guardian bangs on about this...
Supported ably by the worst #LeaderoftheOpposition in history. Of course.
Liquidnet: May’s Brexit Deal Rejected – What Is The Impact for Financial Services?
Great thread, with some brilliant data vizualisations
A variation on May’s deal is still the most likely Brexit outcome
Brexit is all about who shits themselves first and I've got an arsehole like a vice. It can sharpen pencils. The only time I ever shit my pants was when your mother asked me to because it she likes that nappy play and she wipes like an angel.
Emmanuel Macron’s summation of Brexit: ‘The British people were sold a lie’ – video
The UK wishes Macron good luck in trying to plug the EU finance when we leave. Oh and how's it going with the yellow vests!
Democracy has become an illusion, obstruction of Brexit is proof in itself. COMMUNIST EU is a Frankenstein monster run by bureaucrats with provincial administrators whom we elect, treating the citizens of Europe as fodder to serve global corporate interests. Doomed to collapse.
Defra must improve environmental monitoring post-Brexit, says audit office: Environment Journal | More w/ Eco-Search:
An article from about the impact of #Brexit on Britain’s auto business mentions that Professor Peter Wells of agrees that uncertainty over Britain’s post-Brexit arrangements is bad for Britain’s automotive business
Yes Brexit is confusing but if you have a business that has the potential to export you should not be delaying finding out what your options are. This series of workshops is perfect for you #exporting
German industry 'looking into the abyss' as Brexit fears mount via
I was considering remain if the oppertunity came about, but all i want to do now is fight these people on a battlefield. I just can't bare to let them win now, for me its Brexit or war.
A Leave option for a referendum has to be developed if its not going to be "no deal". The HoC will have to approve that option if the public votes leave again. Its entirely consistent to argue for a referendum and develop a Brexit option you could live with
This is why Jeremy Corbyn, Nicola Sturgeon and Caroline Lucas want No deal off the table. They are the ones protecting our interests. No-deal Brexit warning for UK drivers
A Brexit lesson in economics for Canadians hoping to profit from anger: Don Pittis
Jeremy Corbyn as Prime Minister would be as catastrophic for the country as a no deal Brexit
That old colonial mentality holds back England itself--a place have to confess both of us love, warts aplenty notwithstanding. U see it in the Brexit shambles and esp in Rees-Mogg who I assume is really Welsh
Why the dastardly Remainer plot to steal Brexit from the people is doomed
Britain’s May survives no-confidence vote, still faces uphill battle in resolving impasse over Brexit - The Globe and Mail
The same comment she underlined vis a vis erosion of democratic norms, can be applied to the U.K. and the impetus to overturn the Brexit Referendum result!
Please click the link and sign! Also make sure you email or even call your local MP (all you have to do is enter your email and the letter will be automatically generated)
The Tories never cease to amaze - what is wrong with this vile government? Any idea ?
Well, no. Remain is pretty much the LibDem’s sole USP. Labour is a pro-Brexit party. JC wants an election so Lab can deliver its own Brexit. Second ref is pretty much only way LibDems can signal their USP. This makes those points in one simple gesture.
Are the European Commission really refusing to remove the "Backstop" from Theresa May`s Brexit Deal, at the risk of creating a £39bn Black Hole in their Budget?
Here is your proof of concept at a year ago Featuring falling off the stage in excitement over his Chequers plan
Have you read this ??
The Japanese have been threatening for the last two years they will withdraw their funding if Brexit goes ahead!! They give billions in inward investment to the U.K. and have clearly stated they will withdraw it if we no longer in EU. Shinzo Abe has directly warned May!
: : : Here's three minutes light relief from Brexit,
Yes correct he like the government are self centered caring only for themselves and the money they make out of the chaos
Unfeckinbelievable....but that's the insanity that is brexit.
"A semi-Brexit, with just England and Wales leaving the EU, is the solution" by Kim Lane Scheppele. It would be good to hear your thoughts about this idea, .
UK #house prices fall at fastest rate in six years on back of #Brexit: #property #UKProperty #ResidentialProperty #law #lawyers #solicitors
Yip, he wants JC to back a People’s Vote and will only give his support if he does so. JC doesn’t want a People’s Vote as it could stop Brexit.
A little snippet of a story tells you everything you need to know about who's driving Brexit.
Christopher King, is presenting to our audience at the Independent Schools' Conference 2019 on 'Change is in the air'. "Will the be a pause in admissions because of Brexit, will families be here on in Amsterdam in three months?" #hmISC2019
#Brexit means uncertainty for EU nationals, EU UK nationals &amp; businesses. It means vile abuse &amp; hate spewing forth which we thought was gone from our society. It means insulting those people &amp; countries upon whom we depend the most. Brexit means the end of my identity &amp; the UK
Imagine thinking that we could stop #Brexit if we just had someone like Macron... who's record breakingly unpopular and whose country is currently on fire. I'm a remainer but we have to try harder to understand how we got to this point or we deserve #Brexit
“Why teach the benefits of free markets and immigration — or the dangers of socialism and nativism — when history had already rendered a verdict?”
I want a Brexit where we are out of the EU. I am happy for a close relationship that benefits both parties but the EU needs to move more on that as currently they are bullies. Yes I realise it wont be the same as being in but sure can be better If not then open up pandoras box !
"To be clear, a no deal Brexit cannot be taken off the table unless it is replaced with a deal (which there obviously isn't at the moment). The legal position is very clear, without a deal we leave on 29 March without a deal. No wonder voters despair of politicians."
Hoping for anything good out of this toxic union is just Stockholm Syndrome: &gt;The promises of 2014 are broken &gt;Westminster never delivers the govt Scotland votes for &gt;Brexit = economic depression &amp; a claw back of powers to Westminster instead of the devolved administrations
Louise helped make #brexit then ran away looking for a nice job with Murdoch after quashing the phone tapping drama, but not before taking away disabled folks Medicare
Why should Jeremy Corbyn help May with #Brexit? It's the equivalent of the winner of The Apprentice asking the runner up would they help with their failing business plan, after previously trashing him in the boardroom.
Disgraceful - The sight of people like Blair, Mandleson and Campbell doing everything to stop Brexit just enrages voters. The back lash is going to be unbelievable
I have none of that to worry about. My faith (what’s left of it) will be non existent in British parliament and its corrupt politicians if Brexit doesn’t happen. We will be in a shit state no matter what happens
The leave campaigners were ridiculously vague on the precise nature of what Brexit meant. What did the 17.4M people want? May Plan? Norway/Canada/Switzerland ( +, ++ etc) No deal and others. We needed your bluntness to deliver a single leave option.
Theresa May won a Vote Of No Confidence Last night Purely based on the Help Of the Bought a party who has Links to Loyalist terrorist Paramilitaries , Who’s currently controlling this so called Union? #BrexitShambles #Brexit #Scotland #Wales
UK Labour could back 2nd Brexit referendum, Corbyn hints
In the event of a No Deal Brexit you will need to pay for a ‘Green Card’ to allow anyone in the North to drive in the South. If you don’t have one, you may have your vehicle seized or be prosecuted. Another looming disaster forced on us by Brexit and those who supported it!
Is this how Italy sees Brexit from our "UK representative "Nigel Farage" via #BrexitShambles
Exactly . That's what Parliament is for , and , it must be said , has been for the last two and a bit years . Where has she been all that time ? Has she included Parliament in Brexit - NO !!
UK Labour leader says any new Brexit referendum can't be a re-run of 2016
On Brexit- implementing something that can't exist!
Yes, to stop the spread through cross contamination. Any bacteria is killed if the food is cooked properly. Hiding defaults through chlorination, and masking bad husbandry is what we will look forward to with a hard brexit. :)
Oh well, you can have your country back, really, it's a bit worn, but it's still good to use, we do not need it anymore! It was worth trying, just like a wedding so to speak! One thing, be careful with the border of Ireland, think of the Irish and the farmers. Thank you! #Brexit
German citizens need a deal, French citizens need a deal, Spanish citizens need a deal European citizens livelihoods can be saved from the unelected , unaccountable European Union failed project by the UK only if the option for WTO rules remains on the table. #Brexit
Three cheers to for being literally more open minded, respectful, inclusive and supportive than our actual government - really happy to see this
A BAD deal has been voted down not Brexit! The referendum, Art 50, withdrawal legislation - all voted through by a big majority in Parliament. Our problem has never been the Brexit result. Only now, a largely-Remain HOC have decided that they don't want to give us a real Brexit!
"it is vital that politicians acknowledge and do what they can to avoid the environmental consequences of a no deal." sets out, in detail, why a #NoDealBrexit is not an option for the environment.
Brexit news: Labour MP STUNS Jon Snow with reply in heated Brexit clash | UK | News |
This is very interesting. #PoliticsLive
Someone take Sophys crayons away before she eats them
Hmm perhaps they do a great job on covering overall British politics.
The "better PM" poll doesn't surprise me, I've got a piece of partially burnt coal here which I think would make a better PM than Corbyn. But I agree with those who lay the blame on her - her version of Brexit, her refusal to be inclusive, her apparent obsession with immigration.
€50m seems rather a lot to teach 600 people to say "Non. Allez vous faire voir". France to train 600 extra staff for no-deal Brexit via
This is wonderful.
theresa may stats: 432 MPs (out of 630ish) voted to reject her proposed brexit deal. last night, 306 MPs voted to say that they had no confidence in her and the government. she is still prime minister.
What a massive dickhead statement to make!
Saw yer dad share a Facebook post about how he can’t believe they are still banging on about Brexit when there’s all these paedophiles and potholes.
Watch "UK: Londoners 'fearful' and 'worried' after defeat of May’s Brexit plan" on YouTube
No there are degrees of Brexit my friend .... Canada trade versus Norway trade versus Reform &amp; Remain .....
Agree with this. Leaving with no deal would be a catastrophe is not a plausible option, and a total waste of money.
So apparently the new policy being pushed by Corbynites is to have unlimited calls for a general election so as to avoid fulfilling the official policy of the Labour Party as well its members, voters &amp; the electorate. May &amp; Corbyn combine in running down the clock on #brexit.
Tánaiste confirms motorists will need green cards to drive in UK in event of no-deal Brexit
If anyone knows the original author I'll give credit: BREXIT EXPLAINED.......simples innit? David Cameron made a promise he didn't think he'd have to keep to have a referendum he didn't think he would lose. Boris Johnson decided to back the side he didn't believe in because…
What is the PLUS in Norway plus? A filler word?
The real agenda from the start has been to remain May &amp; Hammond are allies of the EUSSR posturing in the name of Brexit while sabotaging our exit
UK PM May seeks Brexit fix in talks with rivals
#Corbyn blasted for refusing to enter #Brexit talks ‘he’ll talk to Hezbollah but not May!’
Tell MPs: work cross-party to fix Brexit. Add your name now via
Mary Poppins hunts zombies in a post-Brexit apocalypse in kinda plausible 'Late Show' sketch
UK Labour could back second #Brexit referendum, #Corbyn hints | Article [AMP] | Reuters
#Crossoverday Brexit zombie horror pitch: raging Leavers return from the dead to wage war against living to claim their rightful prize. Only a young Momentum activist and a wise old Remainer can stop them by joining forces and realising they have more in common blah blah blah...
It would be nice for a change for all the political commentators to suggest what they would do about Brexit.
Good on you
Luxembourg steps up no-deal Brexit planning
This is a must read
It is indeed the Prospect of a US trade deal that is drawing a huge red line across the whole of Brexit. The public should be frightened of this. Their capital is vast it’s businesses aggressive and they view litigation as routine.
I enjoyed channeling during the #NoConfidenceMotion saying that Theresa May’s #Brexit deal defeat was more than “a mere flesh wound”. #Brexit #ThursdayThoughts
Bad news unburied #wato #politicslive
#ChukaUmunna Fabian Society Fringe Event 2016: “I’m not one of those people who thinks we should be calling for a second referendum". Remain campaigners risk being seen as a metropolitan elite “who think they know best”. #JC4MP #GE2019 #Labour #DisMAY
and Macron lecturing about the fail of Brexit ...
I guess that would leave smaller countries but this does not look good
Also of course the news in the same countries never has the same angle - the US government shutdown or nuclear brinkmanship with NK, Brexit, Yellow Vests are pretty horrific *especially* because they happen in “more civilized richer countries”
Brexit uncertainty and what it means for businesses and their data: #BusinessSecurity #SMB #SMBsecurity #smallbiz #business #SMBs #B2B #malware
#Manufacturing #puriscrubbers The Manufacturing Process Daily is out! via #supplychain #brexit
Cute. All these articles were published at a time when Remain was widely anticipated to win. The funny thing is that the class of people who showed up to vote for Leave and who outnumbered Remain voters aren’t particularly credited with an ability to read by the Remain side.
"To be clear, a no deal Brexit cannot be taken off the table unless it is replaced with a deal (which there obviously isn't at the moment). The legal position is very clear, without a deal we leave on 29 March without a deal. No wonder voters despair of politicians."
It's just a tactic so he doesn't have to commit to a position on Brexit. Whichever way he favoured would alienate a lot of his members or voters. He's happy on the fence hoping the tories implode.
Take brexit off the table, as many people who care about British workers have pointed out.
Not before time. The PM may have delayed by five weeks, but this could have come sooner too. Sigh
Corbyn yet again reiterating his commitment to leaving but basically retaining all the stuff we already have. What is feeding this delusion?
You don't come across as a consensus seeker either. Reality is still that it's leave that can't agree what leave means. That's where the consensus is lacking. Think about it. #PeoplesVote #Brexit
This is why I’m an and not Please can we end this two party dogmas once and for all.
And now it begins but it realy should have been finished by now. Still say we need Brexiteer to negotiate. He or she will demonstrate how Teresa made a nightmare out of a gift.
The Labour front bench is full of Blairite pond dwellers... they are hell bent on keeping us attached to the dying rotten corpse known as Euroland.. A Hokey Cokey Brexit is the plan... and then rejoin, after another Referendum... Mass Civil Disruption is guaranteed.
He's repeatedly not confirmed a position on Brexit just been obsessed with calling for a general election He said you need to time a no confidence vote when you're likely to win and he lost Then refuses to meet with The PM. Not exactly a brilliant performance
Damn you Brexit!
Kenyan MPs would already have been bribed and passed the Brexit Deal.
What does it say that both of Steve Bannon's "successes" (Trump and Brexit) are crashing at the same time. It's as if there is a "best by (date) that should be disclosed to future clients
#Brexit collaboration I'm in listening mode rule out no deal rule out no deal rule out no deal rule out no deal rule out no deal UK Govt: we're putting Army reservists on standby for no deal
#Machiavellianism and #Brexit "ploy from May’s viewpoint is that it presents her “deal” as the only alternative to No Deal or No Brexit"
Well said Guy! Let the national interests of the great British People prevail: #Leave this run-away #EU fraud. By the way, when you say ‘Belgian’ what do you actually mean ? Isn’t Belgium a small protectorate of “Europe” ? #Brexit #NodealBrexit #WTO
Media Security Support at the #brexit debate at Parliament
I quote..... "I'm not uneducated or thick but I voted out as did the majority of the voting public, we are yet to get what we voted for. If it turns to shit for the country post brexit then its a price we must pay for our shite politicians being unable to negotiate and exit.....
This is exactly y our country is a mess, Theresa May is engaging opposition parties to formulate a better Brexit deal by here we’re busy blaming each other. Everyone has a role to play in the resuscitation of our economy. I wish our leaders may learn 1 or 2 from the UK politcs.
Support for Remain highest since referendum, Brexit poll finds
100% agree. Its amazing that many really smart people see Brexit and Trump as the problem, when they are actually symptoms of the much longer term problem - rising inequality which has been in overdrive in the Western world since 2008.
Brexit deal or no-deal: What happens next? Sent via
With these 2 old relics as leaders not wanting to upset their core party members we are crying out loud for a young forward thinking leader/party #brexit
So the PM that lost her majority by campaigning for a #brexit plan that resulted in the deal which suffered a historic defeat in parliament and is now refusing to adjust her position in negotiations with our elected representatives thinks a 2nd referendum would be undemocratic?
Brexit, as well as GFuel moving over to the EU Market basically making what our brand stands for, worthless.
First post-Brexit British car rolls off production line
im glad you mentioned brexit. the ppl who start every commentary on US politics with “speaking as a European...” annoy me to no end
So with every passing year Brexit affects more people who would, by large majority, likely vote against it yet they had no say in it
Former Labour leader confirms he doesn't give a solid shit what you 'little people' think.... #Brexit
There will be no #Wassailing on this day of next year - The bees will have all died off and the pickers won't be here #Brexit #BrexitChaos #BrexitShambles
Wasn’t he supposed to be some sort of super brain of Brexit? He always seems to say such trite stuff.
I'm remain but have complete respect for leave and the outcome of the vote. I expect there's very similar examples of this pathetic stuff made by a leave voters as well. Please lets not tarnish all of us with the same brush. We're all in this together. #Brexit
Brexit deal or no-deal: What happens next? Fuck knows Lets ask Noel Edmonds #NoDealNoProblem Sent via
SNB: Thomas Jordan sees Brexit as a threat to the franc -
Labour has a policy on Brexit?
German exports to the UK worth £73 billion French exports to the UK worth £27 billion Italian exports to the UK worth £20 billion Netherlands exports to the UK worth £33 billion And people think the EU wont negotiate if we #nodeal #brexit
Stocks set to fall at the open despite strong earnings
deal is BREXIT OFF ( before April Fools )
“These masters of disaster from Cyprus to Malaysia, Palestine to South Africa. In recent years, such privately educated and smooth-tongued men as Niall Ferguson and Tony Blair could even present the British as saviors of suffering and benighted humanity.”
How Brexit could ruin your summer vacation good publicity for the UK tourist industry
Strategy Under Planned Uncertainty: Five #Strategies To Prepare For Another Brexit #education #SmallBusiness #sanantonio #opportunity
It's best for Britain if the parliament we pay wages to give the majority vote the brexit they voted for ,and the remain well they can wait another 40 years plus to vote again , it's truly remarkable what the remain think democracy is !!!
Delingpole: Brexit Is Now Hanging by a Thread
Calling all #socialscience #phdstudents working of #Brexit - great symposium taking place @ QUB next month that might be of interest!
Until or unless there is overwhelmingly public support for LEAVE (and there never has been) it is plain wrong to pursue #Brexit. Meanwhile, support for REMAIN is highest since referendum, latest poll finds
Karma...| The Malign Incompetence of the British Ruling Class - The New York Times
Are you really that stupid? With a no deal exit there can be no negotiation. What are they negotiating to avoid?
You job doesn’t depend on taking a side in the Brexit debate
Video: Barnier destroys claim Corbyn can't renegotiate Brexit - "EU immediately ready" via
Someone's about to put a large deposit down on a luxurious villa.
No for Brexit Deal, Yes for May. And What for Gold? By #Gold #Brexit #SupportResistance #Commodities
Is this the same lot that told us they would carry out what was decided? #DrainTheSwamp
Are you really that thick? They are trying to stop corbyn enabling Brexit by repeating vonc ad nasuem
What shall we do with the drunken sailor? #FailingGrayling
This should have been done 2 years ago, about the same time you should have started to listen, you had enough warning that your Brexit deal would be voted down.. Listen for Gods sake!!!
Herald Scots poll 72.32% felt Brexit should not now go ahead, while 66.17% did not feel it should even be renegotiated. A majority (56.55%) think Scotland should have a vote on whether to remain within the United Kingdom if Britain leaves the EU on March 29 with no deal.
And how many more people who voted for Brexit will be dead by the time it happens, your faux snowflake outrage is impressive but really just avoids the fact in front of you.
EU says taking possibility of no-deal Brexit "very seriously" via #tictocnews
Remember the days when people were held accountable for this kind of shit?
Arch-globalist and highly unpopular French President Macron says '' Brexit is impossible, Brits voted for Leave because of fake news !'' This is what the establishment thinks of Brexit. #giletsjaunes, #Gelbwesten #Antiglobalismus
#Muslim #Brexit #AFD #London Muhammad, prophethood and his aorta
Philip Hammond tells business leaders no-deal #Brexit will be stopped. “Then I hear the Brexit secretary saying that actually we have to keep the threat of no deal because it’s important to our negotiating position.” It’ll never happen! #corbynOut
#EUNOTFORME THE #GERMAN VOICES WILL GROW MUCH STRONGER COME THE 29TH OF MARCH. STAND FIRM #BRITAIN!!
BREXIT: Don’t rely on Germany to solve Brexit, it doesn’t need to help Britain /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Great point, if we vote leave then so be it, but it has to be clean &amp; honest (with a plan). 2016 #brexit has been proven bent by electoral law &amp; those who worked for it. &amp; STOP ignore these FACTS. YOU must BOTH think the public are really stupid. #FBPE
There is now a controlled demolition of Brexit underway - The UK via its mass migration policy and the unwillingness of the Govt to respect the vote will become a place of eventual civil war or mass protest and chaos.
No surprise to see that about domestic rights. Will be interesting to see what happens with overseas' in future - not least if brexit has any repercussions on football and how it's perceived in those regions
Osama bin Brexit! will email you...
Petition: Brexit re article 50 it must not be suspended/stopped under any circumstances Done!
#FBPE are doing that all on their own with their negative campaigning, we have your negative campaigning style to thank for brexit in the first place, as did Hillary for giving us Trump. Negative campaigns are for losers so I'm not surprised the Lib Dems want in on it.
British PM May Survives Confidence Vote But Faces Immediate Brexit Crisis… #Ukraine #Polska
A no deal Brexit strengthens the case for Indy according to SNP. Why would they want to spend energy negotiating to get a deal through Parliament? Just let the clock run down... job done
Sure, they're contributing to the chaos by proving support to May in order to create the appearance of a majority government, but Brexit was a predominantly tory issue up to the referendum. The DUP are going along now to win concessions on their own hate filled agenda.
The normalisation of the idea that it is not entirely bonkers for government to shut down, and everyone should learn to cope. (See also no-deal Brexit preparations)
While I think it’s long overdue and we’ve been forced into this situation rather than by choice, the UK Gov being able to have mature, cross bench discussions on Brexit is a positive. “Coming together” is what we have wanted and needed for FAR too long.
humphries making up his own brexit nonsense, e.g see the Standard poll today, BBC please sort him out he has lost the plot! #brexit #bbc
Is Brexit driving independents to take refuge in franchised brands?
German carmakers warn of ‘FATAL’ consequences of a no-deal Brexit - 'Jobs are ON THE LINE’
So 28% Remain and 37% Leave. Excellent.
From Ireland to Finland #EU countries are putting #NoDeal legislation in place in preparation. While UK fannies about we're moving on. #Brexit
Don’t think it will happen. This is all part of the plan being executed behind closed doors. All theatre with a planned outcome of No Brexit and 17.4m be damned
Tee hee if only it weren’t all so serious for those of us who support the EU, our EU citizenship and want our of Brexit !
What, take away the DUP trump card, not to mention the ideal version of Brexit for the UKIP light arm of the Conservative Party?
A Brexit sugar daddy? With your low attendance he won't have to do it often . Probably paid for with money that should have gone on UK tax , eh? Was it sent from Guernsey?
I dont agree with everything on this article, but there are a lot of good points that go beyond the short-term economics of Brexit
Main effect of both Trump and Brexit: to almost entirely stop each government from functioning. This wasn't the central expectation in 2016
The ability to shrug off any form of shame or embarrassment by this man is astounding. I’d kinda would like to celebrate him, but I’m way too busy laughing at him.
The referendum was won thru corruption, lies, cheating and dirty money. It should be declared void and anyone involved brought to trial and barred from ever holding public office again. #ThursdayThoughts #Brexit #NoConfidenceVote
Brexit seems simple. Some people say it's hard. Massively complex. While the documentation will be, it's engagement process is actually simple. First. Work out what you want. Second. Explain it simply. Third. Have a plan to walk away.
Table WTO BREXIT then RESIGN!
The UK has those right now, while the UK is part of the EU. When Brexit happens, the UK will instantly lose any and all agreements it has with or through the EU and thus everybody else. A huge part of UK wealth is generated by services, for which WTO has no provisions.
Ask the people of Northern Ireland and the Irish Republic what happens by a hard Brexit. Shame on you.
It does seem that Theresa is guiding a badly holed boat to a very rocky shore.
How now to negotiate. Tell the EU they can take the U.K. over and we will pay them £39billion pound, but we will pretend to the peasants that we are having Brexit
takes moral hi ground while she's promoted every Remain scaremongering story, her boss #LBC Blocks opposite opinions, smears Brexit protesters w/out Right of Reply, ignores EU police violence against #giletsjaunes agreed arrest for saying Hitler IF ur Brexit! SMH
I think someone should inform the French ‘Napoleon’ that his ‘orange vests’ will have him out of office longer before the Brexit talks are concluded.
Nice to see is coming out with even more rubbish. Said DUP matching his stance that No Deal must be off the table.. Yet DUP confirmed this is again another lie. Imagine that man running the country?! #BREXIT
Stupid anyway because as Channel 4's embarrassing recent expedition to Leeds showed, an awful lot of young people are firmly pro-Brexit.
What policy?
The latest The Kryptic Chewie Daily! #ajopinion #brexit
On what authority do you speak for 17.4million people. " Suicide Brexit " The treasury, Bank of England and the CBI haven't got a Brexit forecast correct yet.
The system has been broken for a long time. It does not work for people as politicians usually put corporations 1st. It is currently not worth even registering to vote. People de-registering would make MP's take notice. #Brexit #Shamocracy #PeoplesBrexit
What brexit option would be put in a 2nd ref #PeoplesVote if both Theresa May's crap deal&amp; #NoDealBrexit have already been ruled out by our Sovereign (Parliament)? Is there enough time for a PV anyway? Also,Executive are only ones who can action one? The PV makes no sense #GTTO
Brexit LIVE: 'Treacherous' Hammond's plot to WITHDRAW Art 50 and block no deal - REVEALED Member of Opus Dei is trying to screw us over.
Is this not an eminently sensible and constructive letter from Corbyn?
He edits a pro-brexit paper.
"A democracy that cannot change its mind is not a democracy." explains why Britain needs a #PeoplesVote:
It's an integral part of the culture and not a delusion they're likely to wake up from. #Brexit is tailor made to give rise to a "stabbed in the back" legend regardless of the outcome - and in this Dolchstosslegende, the Irish will be the "November criminals"
The Latest: Germany passes Brexit law it may never need
They want to rule out a no deal Brexit that's putting the country first
Brexit crisis? How things are looking for the Channel Islands.
Spot on; pity the other so-called opposition parties can't be so firm (including #FBPE and #PeoplesVote fanatics who won't insist on ruling out "no deal"). #GTTO #GE19
At last some signs of movement from the EU
If the ES told Lammy to stick his head in the microwave and turned it on, he would. But he could be a while trying to work out how to shut the door.
Corbyn says Labour will only consider a new Brexit referendum if UK is facing 'no-deal disaster'. And as we *are* facing a no-deal disaster... cue support for a second referendum?
There are 17m votes going begging to the party that implements #Brexit
Brexit news: Julia Hartley-Brewer has DIRE WARNING for Theresa May | UK | News |
Of course, it’s outrageous that Parliament should attempt to take control of its own timetable. I mean, it’s not like the executive would ever deliberately use their control of it for their own ends.
This is how democracies die ...
Stratford Politics Update is out! #brexit #politicslive
Sounds like you’ve got this under control! You’re officially brexit-ready
sure when i was 75 i was waking up at 5am each day to throw eggs at oh wait that was just a dream #brexit #vegan
I can't cope with her constant whining over #Brexit
Just expanding on the many reasons he is unsuited to the position. Remain hopeful Labour MPs will vote with government if #CommonMarket2 agreed as destination. Voted Labour on assumption they would work constructively to soften Brexit, not actively campaign for Remain. Go well
Brexit deal or no-deal: What happens next?
govt of national unity? or should have parliament ever been allowed a meaningful vote? ... a meaningful vote was only every going to leave to division across parties (and voting down the withdrawal agreement) if different parties weren't included in the first place #brexit
Good.
Good. So you've had a change of mind about the huge benefits Brexit would bring?
#CAGEurope UPDATE 2-Morgan Stanley profit misses as bond traders stumble in volatile markets #ReutersCES #EU #BusinessNews #Finance #Brexit
Just remember kids, Unicorns are pro-BREXIT so vote Dino!
British voters already pulled the lever for Brexit. Will they elect a terrorist-loving, Jew-baiting, NATO-hater as prime minister next?
Cup winners! Brexit just beat Morecambe in the Non League Trophy Final [Pro App]
No more than 0.00001 of 17.4mn quitters - that’s 174 - could have defined was a customs union was in June 2016 - doesn’t even know about our trade flows and corridors ... #Brexit is nothing but a lie...
Might be the simplest solution: GB remains but all other states leave the EU and form a new union, the UFKATEU - The Union Formerly Known As The European Union #brexit #euexit #remain
Indeed.......The Malign Incompetence of the British Ruling Class via #brexit
Yeah, there's nothing more wonderful than a bunch of politically indoctrinated school children.
If you're a UK company planning on driving to Europe after March 29, with kit for #events then you need to consider this... #eventprofs #Brexit #events No-deal Brexit warning for UK drivers
Tory MP pledges second referendum amendment to May's Brexit plan
Are you sure it wasn’t a Night Hood you were given, rather than a knighthood for services to Toryism?! Of course there are differences, significant differences but your “night hood” prevents you acknowledging them.
Shame on you BBC. We know how much you like repeats. speech a classic. Nothing new and you went with excitement of penalty shootout. #brexit
This. Absolutely this.
Is there a petition going for this? Anyone got the link?
Brexit should never have been made political. It should have been independent from the start and without campaigning from either side. Making it political and with multi-million pound funded campaigns is what has caused this ridiculous mess and political in-fighting.
Does anybody remember all of the hype over the millennium 2000 bug? Y2K? We were told that things wouldn’t work and computers would crash. Millions was spent supposedly preventing it. Nothing happened. It’s the same hype over when we have a no Deal Brexit.
Loathsom slab of shit, this guy.
Two face saying she wants best deal for the country and at the same time saying cannot rule out disastrous No deal. #Brexit #dictatorship
The latest The Patriot Leader! Thanks to #brexit #trump
A Norway style Brexit might gain enough support but will split her party. Will she do that?
Extent of current advice on post-Brexit international trade: 1. Get an EORI number 2. Talk to an import/export agent 3. Contact your shipping provider Frankly, useless.
Best analogy I’ve seen for Brexit...
Liquidnet: Brexit Deal Rejected – What Is The Impact ?
And so it begins.....
Brexit was Tory policy,, unless they join coalition with labour just let them sink
Not again! Brexit: MPs to debate and vote on Brexit 'plan B' options on Tuesday 29 January. Britain is the only country to have a prime minister who has lost the confidence of the country, her parliament, and cannot command the loyalty of her cabinet - and yet stays in the job!
The difference between a 2nd Indy Ref and Brexit Willie is....Nicola has a plan!
(1) I have to say that as a Labour supporter, I'm disappointed in Corbyns stance with regard to his reluctance to meet with others and PM on Brexit. It's admirable of Corbyn to stick by his principles and remain steadfast in his assessment of the 'Brexit Exit,' but when we have -
Part of me wants brexit to stop to see folk go into melt down
(2) A PM who is as inflexible and rigid in thought as Corbyn, we will never get a result. ...What bothers me is, the Labour leader is demonstrating a lack of tactical awareness as a politician and playing into hands of EU Ministers by publicly demanding removal of no deal Brexit.
(3) The EU is playing a game of bluff with UK and if pushed to 11th hr may well just give some ground on Brexit deal to avoid UK crashing out, but if they know in advance that 'Clean Break' is not an issue, they have nothing to move on and will dig in. ..
I wish I could go to No 10 to discuss Brexit I'd like to ask Theresa May if her stubborn stance on Brexit had anything to do with her and her husband's private finances they are so private it appears they are written on a piece of paper somewhere in Panama
This article is a brutal must-read. First through partition and now through Brexit, “the British political class has offered to the world an astounding spectacle of mendacious, intellectually limited hustlers.”
(5) I believe Corbyn needs to stop 'Grandstanding,' stop playing to the 'Gallery' and now take his argument behind closed doors and stand with other like minded parties to sort the issue. He needs to show leadership and stop giving EU excuse not to move on their Brexit deal!
As many as 3,500 personnel could be called up, with around 10% of those being reservists Forces News To turn the army on your own ppl is sick
House prices dropping so that many more can afford to get on the housing ladder.....you naughty, naughty Brexit.
Come January 22nd Remain will no longer be an option. That's why there's a Parliamentary vote on the 21st - to remove this illusion once and for all. 35 Million voters and you push poll a thousand - Brexit still wins, because reality beats illusion of reality.
Arrogant remainers want a second vote. That would be a bad day for democracy | Chris Bickerton
With #Brexit looming over the UK, the country is lagging behind its European neighbors when it comes to #PEDeals. Overall for the region, #dealvalue is up. : #PrivateEquity #EuropeanEconomy #MnA
Absolute genius !
Brexit
Sergio Torres fears Brexit could end the fairy tale careers of overseas footballers in Britain
This: - Time for to support a #PeoplesVote, in line with the resolution at #Labour conference &amp; the will of the vast maj of members &amp; supporters. #StopBrexit #EU
Thing is you can't trust a word the PM says as far as credits concerned everything she says on brexit should be taken with a large pinch of salt
This must be a Brexit voter.
Long story short, we're fucked. #Brexit
The new Brexit 50p coin
Support for Remain highest since referendum, Brexit poll finds
Labour will only consider new Brexit referendum if UK is facing 'no-deal disaster', says Corbyn
:( That's awful. Am sorry to hear that! There's also the insanity of brexit which is also a result of RU interference. Can't wait for 2020 when we can get a Dem back in office to straighten this out and stop RU in its tracks! How long before you can oust your baddie?
Jeremy Clarkson goes on a foul-mouthed rant about Brexit via
Gavin Williamson just announced Army reserves can be called up to handle no deal
I commend everyone to put aside their #TonyBlair sneers and listen carefully to this rational interview on #R4today. I voted for #Brexit. Now I believe the that #PeoplesVote should be urgently pursued.
What Brexit plan
Cross-border-cooperation between Romania - Ukraine - Moldova
MPs To Vote On Theresa May's Brexit 'Plan B' On January 29 - HuffPost UK
'Order!' Why Europeans are turning to John Bercow for light relief in Brexit chaos – video
All this #Brexit talk is making my head spin. Drastic action is needed and I can only think of one man who can sort this mess out via
Does this sum up Labour's Brexit policy?
At some point a vote of no confidence triggers a GE too late to stop Brexit
An anti-democracy campaigner writes...
Box prepares for Brexit with new U.K. cloud zone #Virtualreality #Vr
2. Making "ruling out a No Deal Brexit" as a pre-condition for talks with May makes no sense in and of itself. A "No Deal" Brexit cannot exist in a vacuum. Avoiding a No Deal Brexit is the result of one of two other things happening.
But we are still on “will of he people” version 2016. That’s all that matters apparently.
John Bercow's calls for order earn plaudits across the globe as fans call him 'Monty Python-esque': The Speaker's signature style of maintaining "order" in the Commons has both impressed and bemused those watching the Brexit furore from outside of Britain.
There’s only one Number 10 that can sort this #BrexitChaos out #brexit #Messi
Skin a cat? Flog a dead horse? Confuse Donald Trump? Impliment Brexit?
Amidst Brexit row, UK reservists called up for domestic security. Amidst migrant fearmongering from WH, US military being sent to border. In the future, Brexit vote and Trump election will rarely be written of as separate events, but the two poles of very successful disruption
You mean of course English labour sitting in the Scottish parliament there is no such party as Scottish labour and I wish people would stop calling them Scottish labour We will only have a Scottish labour party after independence
What brexit option would be put in a 2nd ref #PeoplesVote if both Theresa May's crap deal&amp; #NoDealBrexit have already been ruled out by our Sovereign (Parliament)? Is there enough time for a PV anyway? Also,Executive are only ones who can action one? The PV makes no sense #GTTO
I’m finding it all very depressing. May is trying to manipulate the HoC to support her deal or similar. The fact is that any Brexit without proper planning &amp; consideration is potentially a disaster. Simple solution is to halt Brexit to allow that.
No need to feel the pressure of ‘last date to Leave the EU’ anymore! majority of MP’s would now like to #StopBrexit &amp; #CancelBrexit. This #Tory govt has wasted a lot of time &amp; ££ on #Brexit. It’s best to Stop this now! Let’s have a final Public Vote! #PeoplesVote
Ministers tell May: Let MPs decide on Brexit or we'll quit
Sad really. Debate on mental health first aid in the workplace with the brilliant Norman Lamb, and each MP could have a whole bench to themselves in the commons today... Brexit is allowing so many really important issues to get sidelined.
Funny to hear Macron speaking of treason to the british because the not Brexit deal, while he ties France to the EU more and more
#Brexit just turned into #DealOrNoDeal so get Noel Edmonds. He can't do any worse than .
Don’t understand how you can see more families, children and working people going into poverty, relying on food banks, becoming homeless. How you can see the chaos made of Brexit, and then turn to criticise Corbyn as being a bad leader whilst not batting an eye at the Tories
I am now told that #Brexit is a mess because it was the decision of poorly educated people to leave the #EU. The idiots here are the people who gave you the #EU without consent.
The Government have issued a call out order under the reserve forces act for a No-Deal Brexit. Sounds bad? Yup. Usually these things sound worse than they are. So let's have a look at what the law says...
A voter with an opinion on Brexit, if that’s OK?
wes morgan is too black, michael keane would be the better hard brexit option
#invest in #brexit opportunities in the UK with our help
Could this be a really good solution to the #BREXIT #IMPASSE /DEADLOCK into which the UK finds itself?
The problem with all the 'experts' on Brexit is that they all offer advice on what is best based on thier own agenda .... or profit margin or shareholder value or political ambitions. Not on what is best for the whole Country. Who can we believe?
Or the Brexit diet as it's better known
All part of the plan to pin Brexit failure on the Labour Party. And yes, it is pathetic.
"The upshot is that we have with two party leaders who command nobody’s confidence but can’t be removed, fighting over a deal that nobody wants but has to be made, against a deadline that nobody can meet but everyone is insisting upon. Like I said, it’s a bloody marvel. "
No Deal Brexit set to be blocked within days reveals Chancellor in leaked call
Visitors from EU nations to London falls 750,000 amid ‘Brexit boycott’
You insult cows....
So have paid actual money to put this tweet into my feed (who funds them?) It’s got nothing to do with Brexit and the replies are a far right circle jerk of racism, misogyny, conspiracy theories &amp; outright lies.
Every Brexiter to talk during the referendum about Norway (which is all except as far as I can see, Gove) as an acceptable model, who then decides the customs union isn't "real brexit" is guilty of breathtaking hypocrisy.
Amazing article in the NYT. Been thinking about this a lot recently, how the 'ruling classes', despite being able to buy their way into the best education in the world and all their privilege, they're still thick. And most are actually just too dim-witted to rule effectively.
#EU running scared of #Brexit while insurrection in #France #GiletsJaunes .
Corbyn is unbelievable, only a day ago he was complaining that May had not bothered to meet him to discuss Brexit. Now, he is laying down conditions for a meeting. He could have aired his position in private at a meeting, but no, that would not suit his exploitative posturing.
It seems that politicians think that our voice in the first Peoples Vote can be ignored. If this country does not get a fair deal from the EU where we do not give up our sovereignty then we need to stage a series of National Strikes following March 29th starting April 1st #Brexit
#English Top story: Retweets Theresa May, Britain’s Lady of Perpetual Crisis see more
Not that great, but still a bit great, new comic. #comics #childhood #parenthood #webcomic #greatagain #brexit
:) intentions are clare..they vont his money back :)
Why a ‘no deal’ Brexit increases risks to the environment via
Trump supported Brexit as it weakens Europe. We are handing everything over to Russia!
Taking no deal off the table is like trying to barter for a product when the salesman knows that if he says no to your price you're still going to buy. Obviously a deal is better but why give away our ability to walk away? Maybe I don't get it? #brexit
I can think of a Brexit plan that would unite Parliament: May steps down in March when it is too late to do anything but leave on WTO. ERG take over and are happy with that. Labour are content as they expect chaos and a GE. It is then up to us Brexiteers to make it work. OK by me
Yet this scientific poll seems to support it
Biggest knife crime pandemic in years in our city. Yet all our mayor seems to care about is #Brexit #KhanOut
Illuminating, . Is this typical, or a bad day? What about, say April or May?
Dear I think you mean the day *England* turns #Remain. We’ve been doing it for some time now. Love. Scotland. #Brexit
American right-wing think tanks starting to get worried about losing their No Deal Brexit
He's totally out of touch with the population
Brexit debate: What young people really think via
How I think we all feel right now about #Brexit.
Well, I think we’re stuck with it, like ‘Brexit’ or ‘Cronut’. I know some prefer the term ‘TIM’ but it’ll never catch on...
Brief bit on this and the Liberal Democrat's Russian Doll problem:
Respect is something Brexit will never achieve
Go on then, name a single thing that Brexit will improve in your life and don’t give me any “take back control” nonsense because that isn’t something that’s real or ever going to impact your life.
if we have a 2nd referendum and remain wins-wot next? New Brexit party forms? Sole aim of leaving EU on WTO rules without any negotiation with EU? Vote winner 4 17+ million people. Only 32 million voted in last general election. These people should be careful wot they wish 4.
European Union prepares for a chaotic Brexit at customs &amp; airports after Theresa May’s deal defeated
One of the German ’s strongest voices against #Brexit, who has deplored it many a time, makes clear that an A50 extension beyond the 26th of May means the UK would be Treaty-bound to participate in this year’s EP elections—or risk the entire body’s legitimacy.
The latest The European Union Daily News ! Thanks to #eu #brexit
Sums the woman up Already know that. Still you have confidence in her voting last night
We just need a Leader first who will do the majority's bidding for them, and call for a second LAWFUL Referendum now that people know the truth about Brexit.
unwanted by WHOM, exactly?
DAZN becomes latest content owner to move licences out of the UK #Brexit
Corbyn May save Brexit! He speaks with forked tongue. He wants No Deal as he believe Project Fear 2: a Marxist PM will rise from the ashes. That is why he is resisting the Commons moving forward to a deal. I think he may succeed in the first part of his plan only.
Emmanuel Macron’s summation of Brexit: ‘The British people were sold a lie’ – video
Philip Hammond tells business no-deal Brexit will be stopped - The Guardian via
I don't want brexit. Can you please ask why she's ignoring the illegal act that lead to the leave win
So we have just mobilised the reserve army to manage a no-deal Brexit. "Easiest deal in history" they said.
What on earth is Corbyn doing calling for another vote of no-confidence when he knows that there is 0 chance of winning it with DUP on Tories' side? My god. This is getting more ridiculous every day. #Brexit #Labour #Corbyn
I've now reached the stage where I no longer want a #PeoplesVote. I want #Brexit to go ahead. The #EU have been clear that #Scotland is welcome as a member. Let's get to work on #indyref2 and free ourselves from this #dictatorship
Some modest proposals for these parlous times: Hold a referendem to determine whether people want another #Brexit referendum #lateralthinking #democracyinaction #bregress #bregshit
Euro and Sterling movement after the Parliament Brexit vote By #UnitedKingdom #Brexit #GBPUSD #EURUSD
Surely it would make more sense to actually get in a room with the Prime Minister and tell her this face to face so we can actually sort this out before it's too late
Brexit is a mess, but it’s a mess entirely of the making. is absolutely right in not meeting . Until the disaster of no deal is removed as an option, he should stick to his position.
The Controlled Demolition of Brexit - #NewWorldNextWeek via
Date set for MPs to vote on PM's Brexit plan B
who cares, if she resigned she wouldn’t be getting stick anymore. she’s not equipped enough to lead the country. imagine 1 woman being stubborn is the reason why we’ll end up having a bad brexit deal that will affect future generations. couldnt care less about how she feels
Jamelia says people over 75 don't need the vote as they won't be around to see the outcome of their decisions. And they shouldn't have had the vote on Brexit. Words fail me.
this is my read on it, fwiw. Corbyn accepts at some level that a delay or revocation of Brexit is what his party wants and what he must deliver. However he wants this to be something he's brought to after other options are exhausted rather than something he jumps on
Awesome !!!!!!!!!!!!!! #PeoplesVote
Absolutely shocking an MP to be de-legitimising the electoral system of the Scottish Parliament this way, especially when their party; Supports PR Only won govt in 2007 due to it (Lab had majority of constituency seats) Spent first 12 years with most of their seats being list.
Brexit no deal could spark RIOTS over food shortage – police call for extra security
Good work restoring sovereignty, guys!
May will stick to #Brexit 'principles' in cross-party talks, says No 10
When the Labour Party needs to show some unity, Blair puts the boot into Corbyn. Labour will never get into power unless it unites around a Brexit policy. God help us. #Brexit #PeoplesVote #FBPE #c4news #alloutpolitics #Peston
What the hell is going on with #Brexit? It's a question we've been asking for a while now. Upday's has the current possible outcomes
. . #BritishBroadcastingConservatives #BBCbias This is how it's done.
Brexit: Theresa May meeting MPs 'to seek consensus' - BBC News via
That would be like leavers celebrating the death of Joe Cox. The standard of political discourse in this country is becoming chilling. Forget Brexit - we are entering troubling and concerning times. It won't end well....
#Brexit You can't take no deal off the table yet!You can't negotiate that way. If you show your hand you're lost! How can you expect a good result if you let the other side know everything!!!?
Day after #Brexit vote my Polish girlfriend was due at work but her bike was stolen. Boss sent a colleague to collect her by car. For 15 minutes she sat in this car while colleague enthused about #Brexit, asking her when she is "going home". She's been in UK 20 years &amp; owns flat.
If we are in the Customs Union Brexit has NOT been delivered.
BBCNEWS 6:05am BREXIT TALKS. MPs will vote on Brexit next steps on 29th January; I IAN BLACKFORD MP. SNP Westminster Leader NIGEL...
Neither. Just recognising that complying with WTO rules in the aftermath of a hard Brexit would risk disruption. Anyway, applying a national security exemption in the Treaty wouldn't be ignoring the rules
May should table BREXIT WTO and then RESIGN!
My kids (8 and 5) are desperate to stop Brexit. They (like most people) don't know what it is, but they're sick of hearing about it.
The latest News RoundUp! #ajopinion #brexit
These Caadan government people on the news crying about brexit for this past forever smh The UK is in shambles right now
until a no deal brexit is off the table
Oh, Support among Brits for remaining in the EU has reached its highest level since the 2016 referendum (56 to 44 for remain), according to a new YouGov poll.
Another report covering that fool Joe Bradley’s public humiliation
What utterly baffles me about May’s position and that of most Leavers is why they don’t break the impasse by negotiating an ultra-soft Brexit. That would at least mean UK was out of the EU, and further separations could then be worked on, negotiated.
Not again! Brexit: MPs to debate and vote on Brexit 'plan B' options on Tuesday 29 January. Britain is the only country to have a prime minister who has lost the confidence of the country, her parliament, and cannot command the loyalty of her cabinet - and yet stays in the job!
her ilk took a leaf from Goebbels &amp; think telling a lie long and often enough will make it true. Many youngsters are not fooled despite the intense brainwashing they have received
"The British political class has offered to the world an astounding spectacle of mendacious, intellectually limited hustlers" (via )
Tony Blair: No deal Brexit 'catastrophic' for UK - BBC News via
Jeremy Corbyn claims to be against a No Deal, but who wants to bet he'd take No Deal over No Brexit? #Brexit
Why give referendum vote to ordinary punters instead of experts, then get experts to tell us why that idea was idiotic in the first place? #BrexitShambles #ImNeverGonna forgive these politicians for their incompetence.
Nicola Sturgeon said the indyref2 announcement would not be derailed by an extension to Article 50
Media security advisors were out on the ground from Prime Media Safety at #brexit at Parliament
'Brits will start a WAR!' Germans demands 'crazy' Britain 'PAY a lot' for Brexit vote
ENGLAND, ENGLAND, ENGLAND, find your Chariot of Fire and ride it out of the pedophile-led
The Maybot ask her new Brexit secetay to invite opposition parties in for talks. #PeoplesVote
If the doesn’t choose #brexit as the 2019 word of the year we’re all going to look very silly.
basically i feel sorry for theresa may we should never have listened to the likes of Farrage and Johnson, Brexit is a total mess and not at all good for the country.
Didnt all those areas largely vote in favour of brexit? Wonderful irony.
More than 170 business leaders join call for second Brexit referendum
Brexit: It’s a modern day Monty Python sketch
#Brexit: Business leaders call for second referendum
Tories called referendum. Tories have refused to work together for 2.5 years since. Tories have worked on a party before country Brexit. Tories have stuck together on most of the related votes with DUP support. How is Corbyn to blame for this Tory chaos?
I wish you many days of Brexit free bliss. (A few years ago we went to Gran Canaria in the 2 weeks prior to the election. No election related bullshit for 2 weeks. Fantastic. Accidental timing, but great all the same.).
A Brexit tirade that alienated fans, players, executives and owners is something Rafa couldn't have done.
The leader of the #British House of Commons, Andrea Leadsom, has announced that the British government will present a new #Brexit plan to Parliament on Jan. 21, to be followed by a debate and a vote on Jan. 29.
Jeremy Corbyn is just as much a Brexiteer as May is. The Lib Dems can't offer Corbyn a blank check. They're a third party and owe their loyalty to no one. He's refusing to allow Corbyn to "rely" on them. Because Corbyn's Brexit could as easily fuck the UK as May's.
The perception is growing that Brexit is mess. This worries me. What do we do when faced with a mess? We clean it up. So who’s metaphor for no deal will resonate more? The Remainers’ image of crashing over a cliff? Or the Brexiteers’ image of a clean Brexit? #metaphor #framing
No-deal Brexit: What France's contingency plan means for Brits in France. via
The sort of dirty politics we have learned to expect from May Slippery Dishonest Tone deaf
Well have you got any better suggestions? #Brexit #CollinsWOTY #GIF
Is Trump now an advisor on Brexit ?
FYI - The British elite do not want Brexit. FFS - May did not impose a two year time limit. The EU’s Article 50 sets the time limit.
Sorry Darlin'..Corbyns got about as much leverage as an ANT trying to Push-Start a Car.....Aint dat da Truth!!!...,
Media will try to put #Corbyn down but don't realise the citizens of the UK have had enough of sleazy tory politicians. #skynews #bbcnews #tabloids #mediamoguls playing their sketches on tv all made to make Corbyn look like he's in the wrong. its a fucking puppet people. #brexit
Just you watch. On Monday May will stand up in the Commons having spent days telling the ERG/DUP that she supports a Canada style /no deal Brexit and telling remainers in all parties she backs Norway/a #PeoplesVote / extending/revoking Article 50 and say she still backs her deal!
What goes around comes around. #brexit
What are the repercussions of a no-deal Brexit for our data? Could we see data flows between the UK and EU come to a halt? Read more here:
There was a report on ESPN FC about UK players and their future working in Europe after Brexit. Do you see the lack of movement this transfer window of players into the PL a result of the uncertain political situation in the UK?
And here’s the problem with Mr Corbyn. Stubborn to the point of idiocy. Stop thinking of yourself and your own morals and start thinking about the country.
Thread
What is the EU position on alternative Brexit options? - The Guardian via
The thinking behind the hands is in the thinking. #PeoplesVote #Brexit
it seemed fairly clear that the political and logistical issues caused by Brexit would create all sorts of intractable log-jams back in 2016, and I don't think that is with the benefit of hindsight
What brexit option would be put in a 2nd ref #PeoplesVote if both Theresa May's crap deal&amp; #NoDealBrexit have already been ruled out by our Sovereign (Parliament)? Is there enough time for a PV anyway? Also,Executive are only ones who can action one? The PV makes no sense #GTTO
#Brexit in all it’s barmy army glory
it's simple: keep stringing along both sides so they get into power and then if Brexit goes tits up blame the Tories
Corbyn May save Brexit! He speaks with forked tongue. He wants No Deal as he believe Project Fear 2: a Marxist PM will rise from the ashes. That is why he is resisting the Commons moving forward to a deal. I think he may succeed in the first part of his plan only.
If this tweet doesn’t once and for all show what a delusional snide Cunt this man is what will.....
May fights to find a Brexit plan after surviving confidence vote via
Corbyn is a disaster socialist. He won't offer a workable solution because he wants Brexit to create as much damage as possible so the masses will turn to the far left, and he can blame any problems his government faces on the Tories. (No need to thank me)
Bonds are currently 10 higher at 145’16 #Bonds #Commodities #SP500 #Brexit
Evolve Politics you know very well what the Lib Dems &amp; other parties are doing. It is not the below. They are hoping to pressure the Labour FB into doing something other than enabling Brexit. With the DUP supporting the Cons there is no chance of success. We need a #PeoplesVote
mine was asking about the Nuclear responce times after Brexit. Bloody kids. spoild my Leggo session
How many people have refused to sit &amp; talk ?
In these troubled times, we need a leader. Someone who will say "No Deal" and respect the people's wishes and result. That man is #Brexit. #SDP #StandUp4Brexit
Imagine if Brexit affects the supply of dreamies!!
BBC News - No-deal Brexit warning for UK drivers
Opinion | Theresa May’s Brexit plan isn’t dead yet
Box prepares for Brexit with new U.K. cloud zone via
I think it's basically this 1) let brexit happen but don't get the blame 2) use the ensuing chaos to blame the tories 3) win election
great to see backing a #PeoplesVote on #Brexit - right way out of this mess
PR Stunt of the Day: Campaign Group, #LedByDonkeys, remind politicians of their words by erecting giant billboards of their tweets in public spaces. #Brexit
So 2.5 years later the cabinet can not define a Brexit they can all agree to yet 17.4m all wanted the same thing? #RevokeA50
The best piece I've read in some time on the Brexit negotiations fiasco, offering thought-provoking historical context. Spoiler alert: British ruling class turn out to have form in devastating screw-ups when it comes to critical negotiations.
UPDATE: a source close to Gloria has got in touch to say she "fully supports Labour's Brexit position." Whatever that is...
What’s your house worth, Nigel? Can we see your tax returns? How much do your friends in the City — the same bankers who ruined so many lives in 2008 — serve to profit from Brexit?
The broke this country, it is their duty to put it back together, exactly the way it was, they owe us that. They need to step up &amp; fix this mess without breaking the country any more. Theresa May must go, #brexit must be halted. The people must be given the truth.
Someone released this now to push for a second referendum?
"However clumsily or stubbornly May has pursued her withdrawal agreement, she is doomed to be damned, at least in the short term, since she is seeking a middle way." Fascinating perspective on Theresa May's handling of #Brexit by 's &gt;
Plus setting a *uhm* great example for our youth.
Perhaps she’s been unable to get her head around the complex matter of the intricate workings, and the priorisational challenges, put forth by the myriad details of the distinct arrangements between each of the 26 letters of the alphabet. #abc
Or No brexit!!
Taiwan objects to Britain's post-Brexit WTO services trade arrangement
Roger, thanks for the reference. This seems a long time ago and so much has changed, yet so little!
We wish that the yellow vests will end macron's nefarious time in French politics.
"Let's have a People's Vote, no not these people, those people over there."
Fantastic news: GM cycling and walking scheme is underway. Well done all and which borough will be next to put in a bid for GM funding ringfenced for such schemes?
simple solution buy a lift (elevator) for your house. can install it just email me on prince .com 75% of until monday!!! #elevator #stairs #brexit #vegan
As Groucho Marx said “these are my principles, if you don’t like ‘em, I have others”: May will stick to Brexit 'principles' in cross-party talks, says No 10
Take Brexit off the table Fixed.
What a hatchet job!
But if only Labour activists could be this profound, instead of so tribal, often very rude and condescending and if only you had a credible position on Brexit. You can’t Brexit and pay for this dream as well.
no surprise here then. It needs a leader to emerge form the cabinet to get hold of it, it wont come form Mrs May. even the offer to the other parties is more like an attempt to look like she is engaging but she doesnt really want to.
WE NOW GO LIVE TO BREXIT
The whole of the Establishment is the problem, puppets of the globalist elite. Now is the time for real change. We need a party of the People for the People. Brexit in full with No Deals and to start putting the people of Britain first! WWG1WGA #YellowVestsUK
The clear view of #Brexit amazingly expressed!
She definitely has, the good news for us is whichever side of Brexit she falls down someone will be alienated! And when Tories feel betrayed we all know how they respond
Sounds a bit like the #Brexit myth - a shared fiction that anything is possible - but stroke of midnight is not yet upon UK and Europe may still welcomes it back #PeoplesVote
Forcing Brexit through isn’t democratic. Sadly, the morons who support you will believe your bullshit, but it is you who isn’t democratic.
So what ARE they flexible in? Sounds like CINO - compromise in name only. #Brexit #PeoplesVote #WithdrawalAgreement
BBC One defends decision to shunt Theresa May's Brexit speech to BBC Two in favour of Derby vs Southampton
I don't often agree wholeheartedly with Corbyn, but he's entirely right not to talk with May until she rules out a no-deal. So long as it's on the table May can run down the clock and then say - Gotcha! My deal or the British people go over the cliff. #PeoplesVote #Brexit
Let me be clear please. I’m a Christian and a Templar. I hate Islam with a passion , can’t stand liberal snowsuit Socialism. I’m a proud patriot love my country. I voted Brexit and would again . Corbyn is a traitor. Don’t believe in Gay marriage. Ok .
Can't think of a more appropriate soundtrack to the #Brexit debate.
Are you accelerating your #Brexit preparations now? is preparing contracts and data storage for Brexit #technology #SMEs
Brexit will give our children vast oppotunities to be able to work and trade globally and live in a sovereign country in charge of our own laws, rules and money
The people's choice BREXIT under WTO regs we don't cuss about any other way. The businessmen who are crying into their wallets have already wrote UK workers off in favour of cheaper eastern workers. Remember Jaguar sold us out before the ref for 30 piece of Slovakian silver.
Let's not forget what they said... #BrexitShambles #Brexit #BrexitChaos
Offer a Canada plus deal with the EU or leave with no 39 billion handout, No Deal, a clean break on WTO rules. Leave the EU, not Europe. It would be extremely unwise for the EU to reject a Canada plus offer having already accepted it with Canada. It would be clear prejudice.
May to hold talks with MPs as next Brexit vote date is set - live
At least one politician is saying it like it is - think he’d like a job over here?
This!!
Tony Blair joins condemnation of Corbyn for REFUSING to hold Brexit talks more bull shit from the mail
Brexit: Can Parliament take control?
That's some vile outburst Sir, but for a so called Oxford Diplomat she obviously has much to learn, like 'How to win friends and influence people', either that or apply for a job in the EU, in the meantime just have to hope she doesn't Lecture in the University. #NoOrdinaryJoe
If this was in a movie it wouldn't seem believable. That's 2019 for you
if we have a 2nd referendum and remain wins-wot next? New Brexit party forms? Sole aim of leaving EU on WTO rules without any negotiation with EU? Vote winner 4 17+ million people. Only 32 million voted in last general election. U should be careful wot u wish 4.
If really wants to talk and garner consensus, there is no need for No Deal, it becomes an irrelevance. IF. #wato #Brexit
Arrogant twat should be fired.
of course and you would be welcome! #scoot #now let's #saynomore and #DissolveTheUnion
The latest UK Politics Daily! Thanks to #brexit #uk
A Polly Wolly with BDS offending "Enough old leavers will have died and enough young remainers will have come on to the electoral register to turn the dial on what the country thinks about Brexit' You &amp; I are old Michael &amp; I think she is praying for our demise
What the... sorry, what?
Seen so much "Don't understand how Brexit is beneficial". That's it, you don't understand. You don't have to agree, but you also can't speak for everyone. It's personal circumstance, so to say Brexit is 'wrong', or label leavers is idiotic. Big arrogance problem within politics.
Exactly. People want Brexit over. May’s Deal, 2nd Ref or A50 extension / revocation just ensures the pain goes on. Go WTO and if it’s as bad as Remoaners claim, they’ll have a slam dunk case for re-entry in 5 years or so.
Thanks to people like you the people who speak for Scotland are the ruling class of the country next door. Brexit is showing how inept these people are and Scotland is watching.
Treason Mayhem (true to her name) has made a dog's dinner of Brexit deliberately. She does not work for the UK &amp; neither do YOU. You all work for the City of London which is not in the UK or the EU or the UN. The City wants us to remain. Why? To protect the occult Roman Empire.
Opinion | The Rudderless West
Brexit, UKPersonalFinance, and you (and our rules)
Agree on Art50. My own view, &amp;that of maj in including Jeremy, is that remaining in EU is best for everyone but, just as May’s mistake was to ignore 48% Remain voters, #FBPE ignores leavers esp as most don’t seem to have changed minds. Recommend
Another report covering that immature fool Joe Bradley (former )’s public humiliation
BREXIT: No 10 deny plan for Army role in 'no deal' Brexit /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Why #Pepperstone lists as #mortgage company? Or #gaming platform? Someone said it's running a b-book model, not putting trades into #real markets! Pepperstone won't answer! #crypto #trading #fx $gbp $gld $jpy #eur #btc #forex #cfds $cad #yen #usdjpy $gc #brexit #beigebook $dia
Hitachi couldn't reach an agreement with our Tory Government. They haven't blamed brexit
I'll take a punt and say you know I'm right, you can't argue against the fact Brexit will be terrible, which is why you pretend it's other people's fault they didn't find some magic way of pointing out negatives without being negative and now are trying to change the subject.
"But of course this may not be possible. Then Germany will deliver its final solution to the British problem." #Brexit still sound like a good idea?
Whatever your views on Brexit, I'm afraid you need to realise that no deal is an empty threat; it is not the magic negotiating leverage you seem to believe. Quite simply, it would hurt UK much more than EU and they know it.
No, but seriously.
Ah, now I understand #TheresaMay is the British #DonaldTrump and #Brexit is akin to Trump's #wall
What are those red designs on Emma's shirt? My guess is lipsticked lips. Also, best of luck, sincerely, regarding Brexit. (Things could be worse. For example, you could live in the USA.)
Says the man who supports a leader who had rightly spent the past two years asking for dialogue on Brexit, only to reject that dialogue when it's offered.
basically I think he wants Labour brexiteers to see he tried all options to make Brexit work and only abandoned it when it was clear it wouldn't
Yeah #JeremyCorbyn biggest #ConfidenceVote #britons #suffering #SocialismKills #expatlife #horrors #uprise against these #sods #Royals just eating cake and champagne watch their #lords and #ladies fuc$$ up the #BritainCanDoBette the latest on Brexit?
True!! But only when, and if done the #Tory #TheresaMay way!!
Wow, Tony Blair actually said something fucking mildly intelligent
TheManufacturer: Another #referendum, a new deal negotiated with the EU, another attempt at getting the rejected #Brexit deal passed through parliament or a no deal? We asked UK #manufacturers what they want to happen. #Ukmfg #BrexitVote …
(Brexit: Business leaders call for second referendum) has been published on Cyprium News -
Exhibit #1.
Whew. Thread.
Brexit LIVE: 'Treacherous' Hammond's plot to WITHDRAW Art 50 and block no deal - REVEALED
a good plan - wonder if there will be any takers?
It is not who is holding talks up. If wanted to start talks, then she needs to get rid of no deal and come back with a new deal i.e. plan B #Brexit
During the campaign for brexit there were lies on all sides. Remain and leave. I've never come across an honest politician yet and doubt it will happen anytime soon. Regardless of what the people vote for, the powers that be had already made up their mind. One EU nation
The biggest mistake in the Brexit debate was accepting the idea that there really was a choice. Leaving was always going to fall short no matter how many calculations were explored.
The problem is, this isn't about Brexit any more it's about fundamental rights &amp; universal suffrage. Where is there to go if voting no longer counts or matters?
You are a lying toe rag. This has nothing to do with Brexit. This was stated categorically on the O'Brien show this morning. Mendacious twat.
The whole Carole Cadwalladr brand relies on raising the Brexit conspiracy narrative at every opportunity, relevant or not.
May was installed specifically to prevent a genuine Brexit. That is why she agreed to every single EU demand - &amp; obediently tried to sell the EU's total reversal of Brexit.
The #rope of #Brexit on the neck of the #British Government #Europee #BritishAirways #DiMartedi #facciamorete #DiablosTwitteros #FreeMarziehHahsemi #PressTV #Jewish #Trump #TrumpShutdown #ThursdayThoughts #ThursdayMotivation #GameofThrones #GameofGames #Eurodrama
You silly children. Stop bickering &amp; deliver the Brexit people voted for. Because it is your job to
or get rid of ASAP and get the set up. Enough messing around #brexit
How they betray our democracy with......more democracy?!?!?!? The people need to vote on the outcome of brexit, there is no betrayal. These angry people will stay angry whatever the outcome, we musn't pander to them
FWIW my utopian ideal would be WA is passed but remains reversible (UK can remain on same terms) until final deal is put to a referendum. I can see a thousand arguments as to why this couldn't/shouldn't happen, but it would mean UK got to vote on a defined Brexit vs Remain.
End this fiasco NOW! GO WTO BREXIT!
I think the #BBC should be asking Joe public about differing approaches to complex engineering projects and how best to solve the various Middle East issues. This way we may have answers to other intractable problems. Thank the Lord for Aunty. #Brexit
House of Commons - A “meaningful vote” cast: What happened and what next? #Brexit
How other countries view Brexit is essential to how business with Britain will evolve once the deal is agreed. explore how Swedish business sees #Brexit.
"Overwhelming the British people want us to get on with delivering #Brexit." Doesn't effin' well look that way.
Joanna Cherry there, implying half of Holyrood's MSPs are less legitimate, and lying about the work they do.
Kinda how it is #torylies #lies
Airline warns passengers to check passport validity after #Brexit
"After technology, the next fastest-growing sector of consulting was risk and regulatory consulting. It’s not hard to understand that either, given the impact of Brexit and GDPR on corporate planning." via Instapaper
Excellent - I nominate you Neil to our Brexit negotiation team - you are much better than the ones we've got. #WTOBrexit
Leave means being duped by right wing multi-millionaires who only want Brexit for tax dodges 17.4 million times
That’s one person who shouldn’t be allowed to vote then.
Spot on. Humphrys talked over him with his own biased #Brexit agenda more than half the air time! New depths for the BBBBC (Bottom of the Barrel British Broadcasting Corporation)... #Remain
What are they? Please don’t say eggs! It’s good tha there is a life outside Brexit, even if not for these little creatures.
My ironometer just exploded
How could leave make any promises? None of them were in power, nobody knew or knows how Brexit will turn out in 10 or 15 years
Once a liar, always a liar.
'OF COURSE Corbyn should be talking to May': Tony Blair tears into Labour leader for refusing cross party talks invitation - and says if HE was PM he would already have delayed Brexit
Pharma comments on Brexit withdrawal rejection
Everyone has an opinion on #Brexit we are all experts, we all have a solution to the problem. Let's do this.. Ask all the MP's to shut the door on there way out, #useless let's have another #Referendum Let the people speak again. Problem solved.
Brexit! Or I'll Shoot!
I think May is going to "Do a Cameron" and cling on with a vice like grip, until a shambolic Brexit, then resign the next day.
Massive shift to Remain! Couple of nice photos of . You guys rocked it, what a fab day!
There could be a call for UK companies to consider a more export focus as the Brexit vote has already devalued them, suggests a new report by Bristol University. The impact of the Brexit vote reduced the value of UK companies by 1…
The U.S. &amp; The U.K.: Allies in Chaos | The Daily Show via #trumpshutdown #Brexit #Murdoch
Asian shares took a breather on Wednesday after rallying the previous day on Chinese stimulus hopes... Read more at And visit our website
I don’t generally care for such inflammatory language, but there is something satisfying about it at this point.
We are now officially at war with Brexit.
'OF COURSE Corbyn should be talking to May': Tony Blair tears into Labour leader for refusing cross party talks invitation - and says if HE was PM he would already have delayed Brexit
Another reason why it's nice to work for ...
If 'no deal' is taken off the table, will DUP end support for May's government?
In a break from the farce that is #Brexit, my predictions that 2019 could be the year that power in the property sector swings to the #consumer
New: How the Liberal Democrats’ coalition past endangers their anti-Brexit future (£ !?)
Any second vote on Brexit would be a vote on the substantive deal on offer or its alternatives as a follow up to the first Brexit vote. The situation in Scotland is quite different. We rejected Indy and therefore a follow up vote on a deal is not required.
They seem to think they have.
On the upside, "Brexit may force UK businesses to double down on digital transformation efforts to leverage homegrown talent that can be supported by the #UK government’s apprenticeship levy," one expert says. Maybe.
#libdems drop all there stay in #eu policies and support #theresamay #hardbrexit deal just as #corbyn said they would. #libdems prove they are just #tories #brexit
Portugal holds meetings on Brexit. Views? (1/2) - Full support to Michel Barnier; - Wd support Art 50 extension;
A 'NO Deal Brexit' is the only deal that we will accept! Nothing else will be acceptable. LEAVE MEANS LEAVE!
Whilst last night, the PM unabashedly quoted an "overwhelming majority" that had given her the mandate for #Brexit. #PeoplesVote is a must!
In these troubled times, we need a leader. Someone who will say "No Deal" and respect the people's wishes and result. That person is #Brexit. #SDP #StandUp4Brexit
The EU is as it is because the UK Tory govt was very influential in its economic policy. Brexit is useless without changing to a socially and economically progressive government
So nothing changes from the nothing changes PM.. She lost the vote on her deal, tried to reach out to opposition party's for a solution and fails to listen. In the words of Dido, May is "going down on this ship".. She needs to listen if she wants to avoid no deal. #Brexit
Chuck in Corbyns inability to provide narrative to work around Antisemitism issue, People’s Vote, Brexit - it’s all just sticking to the what’s written down on paper - an apparent belief in democratic procedure even if it inhibits progress and messaging.
What you have is the Labour Party’s policy on Brexit and then you have Corbyn’s. Corbyn will only do what he believes in (on many issues) despite stating the exact opposite Labour MPs and members must surely realise this.
Seems like an accurate description of you, Anna!
Those two arguments are not mutually exclusive. I would prefer to cancel Brexit as well but understand that not everyone feels the same way which is why we need a #PeopleVote. A number of people would cheerfully vote you out of existence. That is democracy.
BBCNEWS 6:07am BREXIT TALKS. PM meeting with MP5 to try to end Brexit impasse'r I BREXIT TALKS. MPs will vote on Brexit next steps on...
No-deal Brexit car insurance shock for British holiday makers via
This one struck me. "Those with serious wealth in Britain have always been worried that Brexit will lead to radical change." Can't think of any wealth Brexiteers.
Vital we listen to school children on Brexit. They are the future. The views given to them by middle-aged teachers must be heard.
May will stick to Brexit 'principles' in cross-party talks, says No 10 - inverted commas for ‘principles’ is spot on
you're thinking about it backwards, labour have a policy which is "get a general election" and everything else, brexit included, is subordinate to that
But Barry is rubbish as is Corbyn. Labour need to dump Corby than there would be many excellent Labour folk willing to represent the party on Brexit
Brilliant
UK Regions News special: No Brexit headwinds here, says Galbraith!.
Any suggestions on how #Brexit can help Scotland?
Casual Brexit ageism.
You mean the no deal strategy you backed, when in March 2017, you whipped the PLP to vote for an early, unplanned Art50 activation? Almost as if, in the rush to secure Brexit, you didn’t understand what you were voting for, Time to own your mistakes Mr Corbyn
Ma ron is aloser as yellow vests may end his nefarious time in French politics.
The word Brexit isn't even used in the article. Time people started to grow up - #FBPE are now just boring.
Just go to the talks screw the crap about no deal you even said yourself that's just kissing up to the anti brexit part of your party for unity like your vote for stick was was really a vote for leave. You know the best option is to start our own customs union over take there's.
Lol, just don’t bring no Brexit drama with you
Theresa May takes maximum time available over Brexit plan B as debate scheduled for January 29
It was a night of records in Westminster on Tuesday. I spoke to the guy who DJ'd outside Parliament on the night of the Meaningful Vote for
Beyond the Brexit pantomime | openDemocracy
When the UK chooses to leave, a customs border will have to happen. Two sovereign states separated because of the brexit vote.
Tánaiste confirms motorists will need green cards to drive in UK in event of no-deal Brexit
London Assembly joins increasing number of local authorities calling for a #PeoplesVote We hope won’t use further procedural obstacles to stop Cllr emergency motion being heard at Council on 23 Jan.
Eugh. Just had the worst Face Time call with my dad - the subject of #Brexit came up &amp; it all ended in disaster. He voted to leave (‘because immigrants were taking all the jobs &amp; houses’ - standard working class uneducated view) and refuses to even listen to the actual facts.
What do "the people" know about business? They voted for #Brexit without knowing any of the implications because they were told lies by unscrupulous lying vulture capitalists and puffed up, self important xenophobic politicians. Gradually that veil of ignorance is being lifted.
France launches no-deal Brexit plan via mon dieu,my german blood and spider sense are telling me that europe is more prepared than UK,NMRK!!!
What a tool ! We need no deal to bargin with you fool. Trouble is May didn't/doesn't get this either. The EU need our money. We are one of the very few net contributors. They could have negotiated a free trade deal in the past 2 years. Its all a sham to cancel Brexit.
I'll bet Jeremy Corbyn plays a mean game of chess #Brexit
So you think a non-member can submit draft post-Brexit services commitments to WTO before they’re members?
Really interesting point raised by and the lack of consideration currently being given to the UKOTs and the Crown dependencies in the #Brexit process
You silly little boy. I hope for the sake of those who have to put up with you that, one day, you will learn some manners, but I rather doubt it. I hope that you enjoy waving goodbye to Brexit. Stiff upper lip now. No weeping
No Deal IS NOT DISASTROUS , You are just being bloody awkward
, nothing you have ever said has illuminated your stupidity better than this ill-fated comment. Now, we all make mistakes but not admitting them is the biggest. Brexit is a social, financial and national disaster. Ask Mark Carney. Or are you smarter than him?
Latest on #Brexit
All this 'Russian bot' stuff, the Skripai incident, the calls to ban Huawei equipment because it might have backdoors, Brexit, the USA demoting the EU's diplomatic status, the 'Uyghur concentration camps' talk- it feels like the capitalist powers are slowly gearing up for war
The big Liberal Democrat problem is that they are mostly only getting votes off people who either liked or have forgiven them for being in coalition (half the country). But of that half, only half voted Remain and only half of that wants to stop Brexit:
Can someone please enquire as to whether Her Majesty is doing anything at the moment? If not, could she drop by? #brexit #BrexitShambles
Renegotiate a Better deal without May's red lines. With a customs union on the table. May's deal dead now. Job needs to pass to Labour to lead Brexit discussions without no deal hanging over discussions.
would click.
Our plan to delay Brexit will save Britain from no-deal disaster | Oliver Letwin
To me #Brexit clouds the issue which is EU is in serious trouble...if Brits had any spark they should have become periphery cute hoors like ourselves &amp; others and change from within. Their sense of empire wouldn't allow them side with the riff raff.
What she really said.......
It’s kind of wild how things appear to be hitting the fan with both Brexit and the wall right at the same time.
#StopBrexit #StopBrexitSaveBritain #BrexitChaos Former #Brexit Minister David Davis: 'We Should Not Be Afraid of No Deal' via
They don't get £39bn either!
Pretty much what the Tories are doing in truth, indeed the whole of Parliament. Do you not wonder if they are all involved by agreement to thwart Brexit?
Stfu Donny
EU Deatherendum - Brexit Means Nothing
I now believe the only sensible solution to the Brexit shitshow is for someone to take a flamethrower into the house of commons during PMQs or some other time when all the slackers are there, and slaughter every single one of them. After that we could have direct rule by the EU
We need a citizens assembly to solve the Brexit mess, but we can also build a new, better political system out of the current crisis. Email your MP now:
#Brexit humor. Gotta love the Brits.
Correct. If fish needs to be frozen the price will drop. If tarrifs are applied they’ll need new markets as old ones buy less . If brexit happens, expect fish processing to relocate.
You would be best opposing brexit then.
Oh Lord please help President Trump to continue doing a great Job for the folks of America. And please help us Lord in the UK with our Brexit. Amen.
i told my wife i supported feminism but she couldnt hear me from the kitchen #brexit #vegan #feminism
Spoken by the man that's having his own people shot because they are protesting what he has done to their country.... do 1 Macron
How about David's format suggestion?
This one struck me. "Those with serious wealth in Britain have always been worried that Brexit will lead to radical change." Can't think of any wealthy Brexiteers.
Corbyn May save Brexit! He speaks with forked tongue. He wants No Deal as he believe Project Fear 2: a Marxist PM will rise from the ashes. That is why he is resisting the Commons moving forward to a deal. I think he may succeed in the first part of his plan only.
FYI: Airports, customs, trade: Europe preps for a chaotic Brexit
Pankaj Mishra with a typitcally caustic, accurate appraisal of our own “quixotic fools of imperialism” and the predictable disaster that their delusions have caused, and will continue to cause.
Something has to give, PM needs to whip the conservative party into respecting the Lancaster house promises and the DUP will vote to get Brexit through. Free Trade deals (many of which the frame work has been done) and a copy and paste of the Canada FTA with a few tweaks. DONE !
Brexit: MPs to debate and vote on Brexit 'plan B' options on Tuesday 29 January - Politics live
Just heard senile old man on radio, moaning that is willing to spend £4.9b on #NoDeal #Brexit. This is the man that wants #NoDealBrexit off the table. So what he's really saying is he's prepared to waste £39b of taxpayers money on a bad deal. #WTOBrexit
American Sexit not Brexit
If Britain gets a second referendum on Brexit, then I want a do over on the 2016 election please.
This is and ‘s generation plus! #Youngpeople can and must surely see why neither of them are representing your interests? Neither want you to have it as good as they’ve had! #Brexit
Future Brexit direction now a straight tug-of-war between Labour/SNP/etc and the ERG. PM is the blue knotted handkerchief stuck in the middle of the rope.
France triggers 'hard #Brexit' plan and warns that #nodeal is 'less and less unlikely' via
constructive ambiguity has has its day. You can save this country from retreating into itself as a small, shrunken island. Please do what your Party members want and back a #PeoplesVote
In a perplexing period for Westminster, pursuing a deal with the EU is MPs' only choice – blogs
International: British Prime Minister Theresa May scrambled to put together a new Brexit strategy on Thursday with cross-party talks after MPs sparked political turmoil by rejecting her previous agreement with the EU.
Taking "no deal" off the table makes "no brexit" the default. Hence Brexiters cannot countenance it. It cedes the advantage of the ticking clock to remainers. It also allows Labour to pretend they still want to "deliver brexit" while making it unlikely. Shrewd tactics.
Saw yer Ma on Facebook asking when all those poles in the Asda checkout queue going to be going home because of Brexit and if she was doing brexit it would be done by Easter
Toshiaki Higashihara, CEO of Hitachi, warned of this back in 2016 after the Brexit referendum. Over £40 billion of investment at risk because some folk (largely in England) want economic nationalism and don't foresee the consequences.
Second referendum would be 56% remain 44% leave, new poll reveals #Brexit
Do deal blondie
Tony Blair doesn't like Brexit yet he's the biggest reason for it. He threw open the doors in 2004 without no controls and without caring the electorate thought. Ukip then rose from a nothing party to one that forced Cameron into offering referendum. You reap what you sow.
French govt activates plan to prepare for no-deal Brexit #france
LT carried out the recruitment for NI's first 'citizens assembly' in 2018 which debated/discussed social care - 80 attendees balanced/NI representative. An excellent way to engage, and gain representative views, from the public.
you must know that there are advantages for UK to be a full member of EU, and that it will be most beneficial to remain so. Why don't you start telling the public about this? Brexit as it is proceeding is NOT what people voted for in 2016. I love Britain. Don't you?
To all the naysayers who cry about democracy, read this, to the end...! Hold a Second Brexit Referendum
Just everywhere, generally. Brexit seems to have stirred up a lot of anger and hatred.
Hot take on #Brexit this morning! #Fiasco #BrexitShambles
weve got two months to sort things and i always knew leaving Europe would be more complicated than anyone who voted for Brexit thought it would be. The sensible option would be to stay.
The Spanish and Greeks need to look to their parents generation for the shit show they created through corruption, endemic tax evasion etc.. The only people who will benefit from brexit are disaster capitalists, hedge fund managers, the extremely wealthy with money in tax havens.
and they're still at it....
If MS Loathsome had listened to the French PM this morning she would know the futility of Brexit. Or even getting a better deal
Am sure everyone is pretty fed up with the inability of MPs to grasp the SIMPLE instruction of the #Brexit referendum. Shall we all take power for 2 months to get this done while they have extra party conferences or something.
#BrexitOptions #Brexit Why is a free vote not being considered ?
The good ol' politics of public numbers - and how your world is shaped by then
France triggers Brexit plan - including €50 million investment in ports and airports. #France #Brexit #EU |via
The tantrum comment was in reference to those not accepting the result and calling for a #PeoplesVote Remainers saying that people who voted Leave were ill-informed, didn't know the facts and voted base on lies is very condesceding #Brexit
Bloody foreign pests. Taking our pests’ jobs. Cotton stringy scale: Imported bugs are 'first new garden pest of the year'. #brexit #BrexitChaos
Remainer Chancellor Tells Big Business MPs Will Stop Clean Brexit in Leaked Call via
BBC News at Eight 16/1/2019 MAY WIN CONFIDENCE VOTE, BREXIT BILL #BrexitVote
British democracy nears meltdown as Parliament deadlocks over Brexit by
Well done, Ali! X
spot on. The worst thing the remainers can do now is push for a Peoples vote because they will lose it hands down and then increase the legitimacy of calls for a no deal brexit. They are running a negative campaign, they ran it like that in 2016 and they lost then too.
BREXIT: The Brexit case for a second referendum /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote
You're one voice and no one is particularly interested pet
Corbyn May save Brexit! He speaks with forked tongue. He wants No Deal as he believe Project Fear 2: a Marxist PM will rise from the ashes. That is why he is resisting the Commons moving forward to a deal. I think he may succeed in the first part of his plan only.
by the illegal acts of the campaigns and the bare faced lies of some. The marked difference between any Brexit possible now and the offers in 2016 further stretches legitimacy. It is a valid part of a case to say that the people need to approve whatever deal May cobbles together.
The real situation.
Irish Times Podcast - Markets React To May's Defeat, Car Sales &amp; Brexit, Victory for Supermac's
What did you say?
Brexit is NOT far right. Learn your history. Being Eurosceptic is the tradition of the true left (Tony Benn, Castle, Foot... Corbyn). Being pro EU is the Tradition of the Tory party - and still is.
Perish the thought that Democracy isn’t static. How is it betraying or being disloyal to realise that Brexit in any form will be problematic for the UK for generations? Isn’t it more patriotic to have the courage to change your mind when confronted with reality?
Post-truth politics is alive and well in Brexit Britain #Brexit
No #Brexit deal acceptable to EU w/o backstop (cos Irish border) =&gt; no solution which includes hard core Brexiters But any Tory gov signing up to alt deal on cross-party basis must split the Tory party &amp; so May won't agree to it. But no deal w/o gov &amp; no GE 2 change it...
JC is interested in only one thing - a GE. He is using Brexit - and by extension the future well-being of the public - to that end. Some time ago he said the the EU would hinder or stop his plans when he's PM. He also used the same argument as Tony Benn for being out of the EU.
This is a petty, petulant and stupid comment. It shows the fear brewing in the #Tory party right now. It shows exactly why this ineffective and arrogant bunch of jokers have managed to wreck their party, their country, and their leadership through the #Brexit fiasco they created
Housing market outlook worst 'for 20 years' It's the most downbeat reading since records started in October 1998 and the pessimism is blamed on the lack of clarity around Brexit.
These same conservatives spent the past 30 years preaching the importance of judgment, good character, and respect for institutions in the person of the president. They were right."
Palladium surges to new record on tight fundamentals -
REVEALED: Why May 'CANNOT take Brexit no deal off table' DESPITE Jeremy Corbyn plea
Once again #TonyBlair states the bloody obvious about #Brexit and tries to take the bloody credit, for ego and his hoards of the road to Damascus disciples. He should go a Scotland Yard state the bloody obvious over #Iraq and #Afghanistan take the bloody credit and time #Corbyn
The 'Deal' was Remain &amp; Remain is Remain. Only No Deal is Brexit
I was listening to the Brexit special podcast this morning and had to turn it off because having this guy yelling 'Orrrrddddaaaaahhhhhh' in my ears at 7:15 a.m. was too much.
#invest in #brexit opportunities in the UK with our help
Brexit deal live: Richard Branson calls on May to avoid no-deal Brexit
Everyone should listen to ... EVERYONE!!! E V E R Y O N E ! ! ! #Brexit
Voting for Brexit was like voting for better weather. Sounds good, but it is not possible to deliver and no one can agree what "good" weather actually is.
This is true. Running a' first referendum 2019' free from dark ads, a mendacious active Brexit press, and a supine BBC would be a welcome Farage free zone. The elite self interest cabal evident in the Conservative party could also understand No -deal is OFF the menu.
Missed this. Where’s this announcement? I’ve been too busy watching Brexit unfold!
They may want to sit in our offices #notgloomy #busybusybusy #didwementionwearebusy? Gloomy report from RICS as Brexit blues continue via ://twitter.com/TheNeg
Mate... you’re not making any sense. Is Brexit bad? Yes Should we allow a referendum on the final deal? Yes If Scotland votes remain but still has to leave should we allow Scotland to decide what it wants to do? NO VILE DIVISIVE SNP
Labour's acting entirely in the interest of the country A no deal brexit would be a disaster, and the majority of parliament agree May is the one holding the country to ransom because she doesn't like immigration, that clear to anyone watching her bizarre behaviour
I'm right hence you not admitting to it, as the odd few fanatics on here like you have the same narrow opinions, blocked for being boring, enjoy your brexit :p xx
That's why I'd want another vote if it was interpreted that way. Looking at the Welsh devolution vote is valuable here
Eu law trumps uk law! Under eu law uk leaves 29/3/19 Parliament can't change that! Onlything they can do about that is cancel A50 this would mean no brexit! So can not rule out no deal
May Wins No-confidence Vote; Calls On All Parties To Work Constructively To Forward Brexit - - KOLLMAN REPORT
It should never be about who can and can not vote, everyone has the right. The problem is the politicians lies obfuscations and influence from SM creating false consesuses people follow because politicians don't explain properly or truthfully what the issues are. #Brexit #FBPE
Isn’t what Corbin’s describing here just...like being in the EU?
important message in #brexit times: the EU is decried as democratically deficient. regarding immigrant inclusion, however, it is key to mitigating a fundamental democratic deficit of member states. nonetheless, the exclusion of TCN is another democratic frontier to be tackled!
As has made absolutely clear in his letter to the PM today, her deal is now dead. She must take No Deal off the table, ditch her red lines and get serious about alternative Brexit options. Something must change.
#ChukaUmunna Fabian Society Fringe Event 2016: “I’m not one of those people who thinks we should be calling for a second referendum". Remain campaigners risk being seen as a metropolitan elite “who think they know best”: #JC4PM #GE2019 #Labour #DisMAY
Could be worse, the brexit referendum was on my birthday. Luckily it wasn’t a “big” one....
These people have muddled thinking. Believe in Democracy but hate Brexit. It’s like saying I like rules but only rules I like.
By Monday night 7pm was still using its live broadcasts to matter-of-factly state that Labour's #Brexit policy is unknown. What exactly is the point of talking to them? They'll ignore what he says anyway.
My favourite political tweet so far today. #brexit #Corbyn
The cabinet are plotting constantly waiting for their moment to dethrone May - no wonder Brexit is chaotic - May’s enemies are everywhere
Tánaiste confirms motorists will need green cards to drive in UK in event of no-deal Brexit
#BackstopInsoluble We all know last night Britain lurchd 2 far right n its govt intends consciously or not 2 keep it that way!David Lammys Right and Corbyn should support a 2nd referendum..as for a Brexit deal, the Irish question is insoluble without a United Ireland..Reverse B!!
Brexit: Could leaving with no deal cause traffic jams? Doubtful.
BBCNEWS 6:07am BREXIT TALKS. Jeremy Corbyn says May should 'ditch her red line BREXIT TALKS. Labour leader calls again for a General...
Sack him now!
Jeremy Corbyn, the pos that basically said jihadi John, bin laden and other jihadis should NOT have been killed. He said they should be sat down, talked to &amp; understood. Yes Jeremy Corbyn, the pos that REFUSES to sit down, understand &amp; talk to about brexit.
No matter the outcome, #DHL will ensure we are #Brexit ready to support your business. In 2019 we have already hired 14 new customs employees who will spend the next 3 months in training, learning everything they need to know to give your business the necessary support. #Trade
you fucking witch
Brexit and the Big Short...
Sick of #Brexit zealots talking about how a no deal "wouldn't be a disaster" and how we'd "survive". They've reached a level of insanity where inflicting a great harm to yourself and surviving is better than not inflicting that harm in the first place. Madness.
Het Brexiteers (including ) - have a gander at this superb piece of data, then think twice about wrecking the Good Friday Agreement. Surely Britain has caused quite enough trouble in Ireland over the centuries...
The EU has nothing to lose anymore and nothing to change in the agreement for BREXIT. They are preparing for a ‘Hard’ Brexit and it’s unforeseeable that the UK could renegotiate.
Create contradictory positions to lock out options for a deal or 2nd ref, allowing a hard Brexit to happen when time runs out while putting the blame on the Tories?
Thicko Polly has not factored in that as people get older they become more conservative in their views #Brexit
If only. JRM getting a clout really is the ‘will of the people’.
The incompetence of MPs is my only hope for WTO Brexit. Otherwise, we are heading into a very direction. Cleaning our swamp will be costly as "they" will not go in silence. Much bigger change than Brexit required.
Yet another idea. May could offer Labour a post-Brexit general election as the price for supporting her deal. Which would put Labour and Greens in a bind
2:1 vote against her red lines in parliament...... that's what I call democracy. #brexit #FBPE #labour #Conservatives
Easy. Theresa May can agree that if a brexit deal cannot be agreed by Parliament that A50 is revoked by law to stop a No deal Brexit.
Tweet of the day. Sums it up perfectly. Thank you , and all MPs and Lords standing up for our national interest. The will of the people has changed. There is NO brexit deal as good as the deal we already have. #RevokeA50 or #PeoplesVote to #StopBrexit
Fears of steeper London house price decline after latest Brexit 'horror show'
Pankaj Mishra takes no prisoners as he points out the fecklessness of the British upper class is not new what is new is their turning it on their own country
In fairness has always been a nasty piece of work - which is why she gets so much TV airtime from the anti-Brexit MSM.
Not much to say........#GBPAUD 1.8030..............#GBPNZD 1.9170............Pretty soon and they will be looking at the cliff..........Yep.....#forex #RiskOff #Brexit #geopolitics
That looks a bit like our first draft but we managed to untangle some of it eventually. Brexit: What happens now?
Opportunities to ask questions about Brexit in Algorfa, Alicante - The Leader Newspaper Online
It’s always been clear Mrs May prefers a silo of support and agreement. This ‘reaching out’ is disingenuous. It’s #Moggwash. Like a snob giving a party who feels obliged to invite people of a lower order in the hope they won’t come. #bbcwato
Nine in 10 Tory seats back a #PeoplesVote
Excellent thread
Liberals: Enabling May's no deal brexit!
Corbyn dismissed talks unless Theresa May rules out a no-deal Brexit. In a speech in Hastings he confirmed that, despite losing the no confidence motion last night, the party is no mood to endorse a second Brexit referendum. Ho-hum.
Many people believe letting into #government is worse than any kind of #Brexit. Including many who used to be life long #Labour supporters. I can't see #Corbyn's labour ever getting elected!
If anyone thinks we can just be self sufficient on food post Brexit THINK AGAIN and listen to our farming experts Revoke Article 50
A referendum doesn’t change , there is no problem with Brexit, just Remain in MPs that refuse to implement that vote! We didn’t vote for any deal, made our minds up to leave over decades of EU membership. If this doesn’t change, civil unrest
Alastair Campbell enjoys close contact with children.
Please sign
After Brexit day, if the public hears "we must pass this law or do this thing because EU" I don't think it will go down well. Now, "Brexit day". With the WA, the public will be hearing that for about 2 years during Transition and indefinitely with the Backstop &amp; negotiations. ...
This
The great thing about the current state of play re Brexit is just how stupid you and a whole raft of so called informed pundits have been.
..has re-sent agents instructions on the use of rubber bullets. These are used on a large scale in demonstrations of the yellow vests.. #Trump #QAnon #News #Brexit #TrumpTrain #BuildTheWall #2A #1A #QARMY #Q #ThursdayMorning #GOP
Problem here is a second referendum fails to offer a way out of crisis. It is likely LEAVE will win in England again. Brexit forces all to start looking beyond the dysfunctional union that is the U.K.
The #Brexit lies of son of a bitch #MichaelGove. Turkey would NEVER have joined the #EU unless the #UK government, HIS GOVERNMENT agreed. There was no way around that. The UK has a veto. Gove should be locked up.
How so if he rules out hard Brexit
Uk needs some middle ground, country is divided, let’s respect the differences. Tories harping back to Thatcher years, Corbyn is unelectable as PM he lacks leadership skills despite honourable values, and no commitment on brexit so perceived as weak. We need a new middle party
It’s been a tough few years for Mel Gibson #brexit
From what I see he only sits down with terrorists - he shows he cares nothing for this country, he has not shown any leadership, he sits on the fence over important decisions, and yet he wonders why the government has not made more progress on Brexit
100% MAY AND HER CRONIES.. she is a remoaner pretending to work on leave ,but the reality is, she is complicit. Also huge interference from remaoners,working against the Government agenda. (ie BLAIR.SOROS etc) all of whom should face Treason charges
As it is, the obsession among Leavers to get quite a severe form of Brexit from the get-go looks to have been their undoing. If we get Article 50 revocation, #PeoplesVote &amp; #Remain then it will be the product of overreach.
#Twitterpoll #Brexit Who is the most pig-headed? #BrexitShambles
Mr Corbyn has consistently said he maintained links with Sinn Fein to work for a resolution to the armed conflict. Why not maintain links with the Conservative party to work for a Brexit resolution? Disappointed at no meeting so far, he should have been first
A hard Brexit will see a border on the island of Ireland, is this correct?
Mary Poppins: Post-Brexit via
More EU concessions May the yellow vests teach Macron a lesson in patriotism.
So I have the courage to admit I agree with a whole load of this and the twitter wisdom to know to make a run for it......bye! #brexit
Second referendums after material changes in circumstances are fine, so long as they are the second referendums Willie Rennie wants...says Willie Rennie.
and are playing who’s playing who’s playing . Here’s an idea. STOP PLAYING GAMES! #brexit
anyway i don’t wanna talk a lot about tonight’s talkshow. this Brexit thing annoys me more than I thought it would be (aka remed)
, can you give Theresa May a buzz and give her some break up advice? She doesn't know how to do it. I'm a big fan of you, Tyrus, and little Greg. #Brexit
The Original post is re: German jobs. I care about British jobs but Hitachi are Japanese. Unless you have a time machine you know as much about Brexit as anyone.
Anyone who thinks that Brexit is going to happen are delusional the plan all along was to fuck us, until people wake up to this fact and start deselecting our pathetic MPs and voting against lib,lab,con,it is pointless voting ever again
She knows she's trapped. If she takes hard Brexit off the table she risks the ERG voting against her in a no-confidence motion. But until she does, the other parties won't take her seriously. It really is a no win for her.
Support for Remain highest since referendum, Brexit poll finds
. That you could think this is bad enough, to publish these hideous views is shameful. I cannot believe could print this bile. I get it...you want to stop #Brexit but honestly is this journalism? Does your belief in the cause justify your insensitivity?
So they either need to get Remainers to feel better about the coalition or to get coalitioners to get more anti-Brexit. It's very difficult:
Just noticed the awful stab at a better together 2 slogan in there
Fed up with Brexiter politicians spouting nonsense about the joys of WTO rules? Former trade negotiator understands what these actually mean - &amp; he's part of a starry panel discussing #Brexit on Penryn Campus THIS FRIDAY (18 January),
So we officially have a government that can no longer function. Great eh? /s
France Triggers 'Hard #Brexit’ Contingency Plan
Kicking the can down the road....Hope is not a strategy ! May pushes back next Brexit vote to January 29 via
This is what an ideal #peoplesvote looks like: - Voting age lowered to 16. - Over 65s prohibited from voting. "Should the UK cancel Brexit or should it be delayed it until a comprehensive withdrawal deal can be reached sometime before 2040?"
Willie wants a second referendum, just not one that would allow the Scotland to make decisions about its future. He’d rather we were tethered to a broken Westminster system that’s led us into this Brexit mess.
Brexit: Theresa May wins no confidence vote- by Only 19. Thats NOT Confidence in her. via
Scrap brexit voted for by over 17 million people and she says that's democracy? Who educates these people.
"We clearly need a stronger deal that addresses the border issues while protecting the economy" Views on Brexit by our CEO
Corbyn’s no-confidence vote may have been defeated but the dust is far from settled...
If pound falls due to Brexit Doldrums, there are still a lot of uncertainty remaining. So where it will end...
“The debate about Lexit is now irrelevant. The only form of Brexit that is possible is one that will entrench the status quo or produce something far worse. The left must unite against it.” Me for
What does a #ROCConversation look like... #ThursdayThoughts check out the biggest ever #ROCConversation in #Northampton #drugs #homelessness #FoodBanks #knifecrime #crime #FMQs #Brexit #gangs are all covered at these events, Find the next one near you:
Excuse my ignorance, but how can a no deal Brexit be taken off the table? Surely it’s the default if no deal is agreed.
"Support for staying in EU hits highest level since referendum as 56 per cent say no to Brexit "
Happy to see that. We just launched a campaign urging the MPs to assign time to debate all cross-party proposals on how to take the Brexit negotiations forward.
Finally, MPs can tell us what they really want to do about Brexit
Philip #Hammond faces Cabinet backlash over #no-deal #Brexit as ministers say he is a 'rogue element' via
Anti-Brexit group expertly trolls politicians by simply posting past TWEETS on huge billboards #brexit
As a matter of interest, how on earth do you get to 36 working days from 17 Jan to 29 Mar? I count 51 normal working days. And this is so important perhaps (god forbid) Parliamentarians could work at weekends - like other workers do when there's a crisis at work
No b small wahala for May...
4. The only way May can - today - rule out a no Deal Brexit is to accept the Deal on offer (which the Labour Party is against) or to commit to revoking Article 50 (which the Labour Party) is also against. Nothing else can constitute "ruling out" No Deal in a meaningful way.
Correct. The likes of Chuka, Berger, Ellman and co are just the same as the Tory’s. they push their own agenda rather than the national interest. If brexit does happen I’d rather it be under Corbyn than May.
one of the reasons behind the brexit campaign is tax. EU bringing in anti tax evasion laws that will hit people like JRMogg and many tory donors, and of course many of the newspaper owners. mogg also heavily linked with russian money. our country is corrupt as hell
Nigel Farage: A second Brexit referendum "may be the only way to get the Brexit we truly want" | Opinion
UK medicine supplies at risk from no-deal Brexit, German drug companies warn
with that sort of lead you'd have thought Feartie would have jumped at the chance for a G.E. yesterday. She'd win with a bigger majority and no need for the D.U.P. to help and she could then push through her ridiculous Brexit offer!
Emmanuel Macron’s Brexit speech went viral because he nails it rather well
An extension of #Article50 &amp; a #PeoplesVote is the only possible way forward with #Brexit
Countdown to Brexit
Theresa may from brexit rock
How on earth can No Brexit be an option??
Alot of words there and ink wasted. In truth the whole of the parliament wants to cancel brexit totally. No one across parliament has ordered that brexit should be delivered by all of parliament. Its us thats suffering. No deal is a better bargaining tool.
if you read the tweet it clearly states 'Office' and not 'The Office' #getyourfactsright #brexit #vegan
Another gem from - #Brexit #TheresaMay
British politics is in total chaos as the Brexit deadline looms | By: David Gilbert
someone's onto you're idea.
Or cancel Brexit.
... So clearly "Brexit day" won't be March, or indeed any time soon. Is that going to go down well? Will it end well?
Following some careful and thorough analysis, forecasts for the effect of Brexit on both the EU and the 'United' Kingdom (where the Brexit lie was dreamt up) are as follows... (sorry, don't know who created this image that I can credit)
The best piece I've read in some time on the Brexit negotiations fiasco, offering thought-provoking historical context. Spoiler alert: British ruling class turn out to have form in devastating screw-ups when it comes to critical negotiations.
Although there is a potential bigger humiliation waiting just around the corner:
I've lost my slippers = brexit Get over yourself.
Nobody wants a bloody general election. It's a goddamn farce the whole thing. All people want is this absolute nightmare of Brexit to stop so our future isn't utterly ruined
Home loans slump as Brexit jitters darken the housing picture
Brexit: Rule out no-deal, Jeremy Corbyn tells Theresa May
So two years is a decent time to make a decision about something you’ve had experience of? Good to know, so let’s make a decision on how the Brexit process has progressed in the last two years?
Brexit at work.
Tories can't deliver Brexit, they never could as recent votes have shown. With or without Corbyn. All they have left is a threat of no deal and attempts to somehow construe it's all Labour's fault.
Here comes the Brexit stitch up.
I'm being a bit controversial here, but I genuinely preferred Noel Edmond's DEAL OR NO DEAL to Teresa May's one. Where's the boxes? Where's the banker? #Weird #Brexit #BrexitVote
Labour will only consider new Brexit referendum if UK is facing ‘no-deal disaster’, says Corbyn
Millions of EU citizens can't access personal records, high court told
UK ethnic nationalist Conservatives &amp; gov’t, facing very serious economic/cultural/social problems, decided to blame “others”-immigrants/refugees- &amp; EU rather than address the problems head on. They deliberately polarized UK society to win the referendum.
"The health of the [#lifesciences] sector in 2019 will continue to be a major focus as the UK navigates all the issues surrounding #Brexit," via
Harumphreys’s pro-Brexit bias has been a disgraceful violation of BBC ‘neutrality.’ Please RT
Gavin Williamson just announced Army reserves can be called up to handle no deal
Some are trying to blame May for this crisis. Lets remember Cameron who called for the stupid idea of a referendum to begin with. Ensuing was a Brexit campaign of misinformation (Nigel Farage) and Cambridge Analytica. This is the root problem, yet to be fully addressed
Live right now!!!! #politics
All this #Brexit talk is making my head spin. Drastic action is needed and I can only think of one man who can sort this mess out
Have you considered no brexit?
Mrs May doesn't have to satisfy the will of Parliament.. She, the government and parliament have to satisfy the will of the people and carry out Brexit a no deal brexit.
Good news for Prosecco producers finally getting worried about no- deal Brexit
Theresa May's Brexit Plan B via
Chaotic Brexit getting ‘dangerously close’: German business group [ ]
Everyone is shoring up..
Opinion | The Malign Incompetence of the British Ruling Class - The New York Times
Dirty little secret of #Brexit is that it risks #Scexit from the UK, Scotland wants to remain part of the EU and does not want to be locked behind the English iron curtain locked out of the EU &amp; ruled from London.
Visitors from EU countries to London falls 750,000 amid ‘Brexit boycott’
Abetted by the worst opposition in history.
Corbyn May save Brexit! He speaks with forked tongue. He wants No Deal as he believe Project Fear 2: a Marxist PM will rise from the ashes. That is why he is resisting the Commons moving forward to a deal. I think he may succeed in the first part of his plan only.
COMMON SENSE: France triggers €50m contingency plan in no-deal Brexit
Economic Survey reveals challenging times for region’s manufacturers as Brexit deadline looms - #screconomy
Cos they assumed she would capitulate on another referendum. She hasn’t. On the other hand the Lib Dem’s are now pledging not to support further VONC, emboldening the Tories.
Not Clever! An Uk-EU “customs union” is NOT brexit !!! #WTOBrexit #WTOBrexitNow
Most democracies use 2 refs for issues like #brexit. Extra injustice if unsafe referendum result takes UK out of EU &amp; later National Crime Agency &amp; Metropolitan Police seek further prosecutions of those behind criminal activity during campaign.
Is it Rabobank still using http or British airways trying to mislead me. Or the first sign of the brexit.. #Rabobank #britishairways
Do people believe him now? Another victory for Brexit.
Wow, for Me, PATETIC !!! the Brexit PATETIC !!! The British Patetics !!! Hurry Up THE PICS !!!
No-deal Brexit warning for UK drivers
Britain is a country where accountability has been discontinued. At all levels if upper management civil service and government failure is rewarded. #BringThisGovernmentDown #GTTO
It's a warning to Canadian politicians and single-issue advocates that bitterness and division can provide short-term political gain but lead to long-term economic damage.
#Brexit is probably the biggest mistake England will make this century. really nails it here.
Tony Blair is trending and putting his lying beak into Brexit again. Get a life you goon.
How do they know that older people voted Brexit? I know many younger people who voted leave
We are fucked. Brexit is so damaging. Trump for all the damage he will cause can be removed from office. Brexit's impact will last for generations.
BBC critcised for sticking with Football over PM's address, as PM endlessly and obstinately hoofing ball into touch until forcibly ejected from stadium considered more important than two teams trying valiantly to take lead and progress to next round. #brexit #runningdowntheclock
Some other issues to think about in this ongoing Brexit debate: - It's often said that the 'British people' voted for Brexit. Think about: WHO is being talked about in this sweeping claim? Answers … please?!
Labour ruling out talks with May on how to avoid a "No Deal" Brexit until May rules out "No Deal" Brexit will increase the odds of "No Deal" Brexit the longer it goes on. So another game of chicken.
Can someone please show me where on the ballot paper in the referendum it said that Brexit meant having an independent trade policy?
Still on the politics of public numbers - and how they shape your world and its opportunities
So.. there are multiple examples of postal voter fraud all over the world, (only a very small percentage get caught/exposed like most crimes) but #Brexit got a pass and nobody got caught so it didn't happen! Yes right.
If there was one good thing with the all #Brexit process, was that I took the time to follow some of the Parliament sessions and got to see John #Bercow (Speaker of the House of Commons) in action. I'm a big fan now :p
New delivery of cans from - 20 cans in all, this is the range - includes fresh Big Dipper - bought in specifically to combat Brexit, not for stockpiling purposes but to imbibe to counteract effects of parliamentary chaos and terminal incompetence.
New post (Brexit, Where Next and the UKIP Media Blackout!) has been published on RETWEET and help us beat the mainstream media! -
Because it supports this poll
It is not just him... TM, has to move on her deal also, at the moment she is not willing to... This mess is not JC fault... It is solely the PM fault.... 4 Brexit ministers says a lot about her.
Leavers will be calling for the heads of Remainers whom they blame for sabotaging their beautiful Brexit when the promised benefits of No-Deal fail to materialise.
BBCNEWS 6:08am BREXIT TALKS. PM wants talks he!d in “constructive spirit“ BREXIT TALKS. Britain is due to leave the EU on...
Fair enough, you've corrected my figures, but the point becomes more valid. There is no collective will for a no deal Brexit, at best you can say some proportion of 17million people may want that, 16million definitely don't want that
The only vaguely democratic thing about #Brexit is a small winning margin gained in a corrupted vote. The rest of it is the exact opposite. This is about appeasing a nationalist minority spurred by a small band of ideologues in a party held to ransom by ten self-serving nobodies.
Cheeky activists are trolling politicians by reminding people of their old tweets about Brexit and the EU - by publishing them on giant BILLBOARDS
Not sure how to prepare your #busness for #Brexit? We've collated resources to help you better navigate Brexit. This includes resources for a no-deal Brexit, as well as a number of business orgs tools
Brexit means Brexit!
It is with a heavy heart that I must inform you I have muted all variations on the phrase “played a blinder” for the duration of Brexit.
Morneau on Brexit: "We don't see this as something that's directly problematic for the Canadian economy, but obviously it's something that's difficult for the global economy." Difficult times for the global economy usually are problematic for smallish traders like Canada.
This. What is the Labour Party's desired endgame? Because the things they're doing are mutually contradictory.
Lib Dems need to stop Corbyn doing Brexit. Only Theresa May, with Lib Dems support, should be allowed to do Brexit. Then they can all get back to shouting at Corbyn for both not stopping Brexit and for ndoing Brexit. With politics like these, they'll crack the 10% mark for sure.
Brexit deal or no-deal: What happens next? Sent via
but they're in the EU a safe place apparently... certainly better than a brexit ravaged UK... yet still they come can Vanessa explain why the EU isn't safe for them?
'Remainer Phil' Tells Corporates MPs Will Stop Clean Brexit in Leaked Call
Sack him. He has gone over the PM's head. He must go.
You just know that Vince Cable is wondering if there's an opportunity for a new coalition here... Ooh those ministerial cars. Brexit schmexit.
BBC News - Brexit: UK drivers living in the EU urged to get new licence
. : Do not reset the #Brexit clock
The Party of 1.
Precisely his plan.
Housing market outlook worst 'for 20 years'. This has nothing to do with Brexit as we haven’t left yet.
You're correct. I had exactly the same ballot options as your good-self. A binary choice allowing for a myriad options herewith. 'No deal' didn't exist in 2016; it only became an 'option' when ART50 was triggered on March 29th 2017. In other words, two years on Brexit has changed
No, it stands because May and Corbyn are too deeply invested in Brexit personally to actually defend our democracy from foreign attack. Good day to you.
Do you recall this at all, or has your brain faded ? NOW, do as you've been told, there's a good government.
No-deal Brexit would mean UK passports losing validity before expiry date
#Brexit - it looks like it's either going to be a hard Brexit, or no Brexit at all.
The Eu protects the NHS in the deal we have with it. If we leave the EU the NHS will no longer be protected and countries such as USA will be able to deal with govt in secret and get NHS privatised. Is that what you want and meant by supporting brexit???
Mr Benn good luck with Brexit, you are playing a stormer. Quick question; do you knoiw if Eileen Whelan (later Ash) was ever a nanny in your late father's home? I am an intelligence historian based in Dublin.
France launches €50m plan to deal with possible hard Brexit
Delingpole: Brexit Is Now Hanging by a Thread via
With Brexit, partition — the British Empire’s ruinous exit strategy — has finally come home.
Well with this example alone to justify the EU membership is unfortunately one of the reason why brexit had succeed.
While we were blithering about Brexit, the Tories were punishing the poor – AGAIN | Vox Political
No I didn’t, I told you not to reply that “it was just an opinion”. Do you not understand exclamation marks? Any calculated economic analysis from brexiteers to show how a no deal brexit will be a good thing? I’m still waiting.
Very interesting
For reference, corbyn is somewhere beneath David Davis and above the host of celebrities that don't even live here who endorsed brexit on the 'we should apologise' list
They'd be disgruntled, but they're disgruntled by most things. I think they'd cope with him. Customs arrangements are for transition period. ERG simply have no patience in Brexit. I think once we have a deal they'll change their focus on the future arrangement
Just a few of the many cards, notes and more that have come in opposing Brexit - as well as another letter this week from someone who voted Leave in 2016 and now backs remain. New vote please!
The way Brexit is unfolding and the way politicians are putting personal and party interests before that of the country, I can foresee future inquiries and jail terms. Criminal abdication of responsibility.
Brexit: Theresa May wins no confidence vote by 19 votes-Thats NOT CONFIDENCE via
Lib Dems need to stop Corbyn doing Brexit. Only Theresa May, with Lib Dems support, should be allowed to do Brexit. Then they can all get back to shouting at Corbyn for both not stopping Brexit and for doing Brexit. With politics like these, they'll crack the 10% mark for sure.
Opposition leaders set ground rules for co-operation with May on Brexit
Oops...
Will future historians conclude that was really acting in the national interest or in that of a narrow section of her own party? Threatening our future prosperity with a no-deal #Brexit is not the action of any PM worthy of the position. #TheresaMay #PeoplesVote
Definitely. #MichaelGove is once again a leadership contender. #brexit
Mary Poppins hunts zombies in a post-Brexit apocalypse in kinda plausible 'Late Show' sketch
A wise man told me a 60/40 poll for remain would kill brexit. Not far now.
[Ticker] 'Plan B' Brexit vote in UK parliament set for 29 January #News #Breaking
Brexit hasn't happened yet how has it made people poorer?
just read a tweet that’s been shared on Facebook regarding Brexit, I never thought I’d see someone so utterly stupid and pathetic than you, thanks, I’m amazed everyday by people or idiots like you
No that has been done. If parliament can't agree on how we brexit then I would be willing to help them with a people's vote but not with remain being one of the options. That's totally undemocratic, leave won so the only options should be 1. WTO or 2. A deal agreed by parliament
Theresa May would have us believe that 80% of people want Brexit based on electoral support for Labour and Tories at the 2017 election, which is laughably wide of the mark.
That looks a bit like our first draft but we managed to untangle some of it eventually. Brexit: What happens now?
Customs union solves about 5% of potential brexit problems - Whereas EEA solves ~ 90% yet government decide customs union more important? *Headdesk*
Brexit explained: What could no-deal actually mean for you? – Channel 4 News
You silly children. Stop bickering &amp; deliver the full Brexit that people voted for. Is May moving the shouting match to No 10, so as to try &amp; hide the disgusting brawl that you yobs have turned Brexit into ?
#CAGEurope US STOCKS-Futures down on Morgan Stanley results, trade worries #ReutersCES #EU #BusinessNews #Finance #Brexit
"Despite brexit" UK is still one of the top 3 recipients in the world for FDI
The UK couldn’t negotiate a successful Brexit deal making them tonight’s biggest loser.
If there was one good thing with the all #Brexit process, it's that I took the time to follow some of the Parliament sessions and got to see John #Bercow (Speaker of the House of Commons) in action. I'm a big fan now :p
The only brexit conundrum there is is the one that sheep like Emma Barnet and the bbc create. Leave means leave.
A US view of UK's chances if Brexit happens: the “better” trade deals the U.K. wanted were probably never going to happen.
Too busy doing constant vox-pops.
What Happens Now May's Deal Was Rejected? - Brexit Explained via
I visited Tesco on Tuesday. Shelves packed high with Easter eggs.
Brexit; founded on racism and xenophobia. The easiest and most base instincts amongst working people that could be exploited by a crooked leave campaign and they were. With devastating effect! Our nation had been conned by a conspiracy of self serving millionaires and crooks.
Tánaiste confirms motorists will need green cards to drive in UK in event of no-deal Brexit #ireland
She will rule it out but she will scupper a Soft Brexit option first. That would Leave Her Deal and no-deal as the two Brexits remaining. Now she rules out no-deal so gets ERG votes. A Deal Vs Referendum showdown vote could be won by her.
I would like to see all red lines dropped and a process introduced in Parliament designed to enable an approach to Brexit which has majority support to be identified if there is one.
Best thread ever nailing exactly where we are at:
Sick of hearing Brexit, and how despicable Jeremy Corbyn is, full stop,
It is not views it is fact over based on statistics
No-deal Brexit warning for UK drivers #Brexit #NoDealBrexit #travelnews
Gonna be hard on insurance dodgers. Another rule imposed by the EU SuperState #Brexit
Well this sounds like a pretty sensible idea to me
Just the "Overwhelmingly, the British people want us to get on with delivering Brexit." statement last night. The only way it's "overwhelmingly" British people is if you don't count remainers as British.
Europe fear a no deal exit the most, yet so many MPs want that option taken off the table, textbook practice in how not to negotiate a good deal.... #BrexitShambles #Brexit
As long as she keeps the DUP happy,there is not the numbers as proved last night,and we are all held hostage to this marriage. #Brexit
The only people in the UK who like Tony Blair is the media. The media likes him because he criticises everything Corybn does. #R4Today #BREXIT
By that logic the efforts and sacrifices made by older suffragettes would be dismissed as inferior to the input of their younger counterparts. #brexit #nobrexitdeal
Anything from Carlaw and Leonard on Brexit?
It was Voodoo Economics ( who coined the phrase) that led to the election of Trump and Brexit.
Quite happy to talk with terrorists at any opportunity but not the UK PM. Make of that what you will, tweeps.
That’s why the Brexit offering has to be the May WA. It’s on the table, it’s not a fantasy, with Remain the alternative #FBPE
Get bored talking about your anti brexit
Run Down the Brexit Clock | by Yanis Varoufakis
I agree with Chuka!! #politicslive
Fantastic.
While I absolutely do not want no deal (or any brexit for that matter), is taking your most powerful bargaining chip off the table a good way to go into further negotiations with the EU?
So you’re suggesting that the only way to make Brexit work is for corbyn to oust May and become prime minister? Fair enough if it’s your opinion. I just think now more than ever the country would benefit from the two parties working together
Moderate conservatives sharing their #BrexitConcerns by launching the #RightToVote campaign in favour of a second referendum #EURef2 #PeoplesVote #FinalSay
but not the Tory Minister for the 18th Century !
Let's hope this Brexit debacle finishes him politically so he can return to the obscurity from whence he came. At least something good might have come from it then.
Brexit is the failure of political institutions to engage young people in politics #endthechaos
The abolition of our party political system which, if nothing else, Brexit has demonstrated as being not only an anachronism but useless!!
FYI.. Brexit uncertainty and what it means for businesses and their data #ITgovernance
.”take no deal Brexit off the table now”, has a freightningly poor grasp of negotiation tactics. Jeremy stop the noise, there are adults in the room! #Brexit Do the country a favour &amp; join the other parties in getting heads together.
Take the only good and beneficial Brexit deal off the table - you're 'aving a larf 'aint ya?
I would prefer we treat war with economic constraint instead. The point is that we can minimise the effect of Brexit through internal spending as long as it becomes a long term beneficial investment like jobs, housing or infrastructure. All of which will help the economy.
Are 37% really moronic racist xenophobic idiots, I thought it was more than that
Don’t rely on Germany to solve Brexit, it doesn’t need to help Britain | Alan Posenor #NEWS
Paid in lollipops by you and Soros
Ministers tell May: Let MPs decide on #Brexit or we'll quit
"The malign incompetence of the Brexiteers was precisely prefigured during Britain’s exit from India in 1947, most strikingly in the lack of orderly preparation for it." Pankaj Mishra in the NYT
Fridges, planes and soldiers: How the UK is preparing for a no-deal Brexit - CNBC
Waiting for Trump to get arrested like...
Visitors from EU countries to London falls 750,000 amid ‘Brexit boycott’ - Evening Standard. #BrexitShambles #BrexitChaos
Remainer Chancellor Tells Big Business MPs Will Stop Clean Brexit in Leaked Call via
Nail. Head. Labour's position is completely self-contradictory. (This is nothing new, of course).
Hi Michelle, I would like to see the reinstatement of our Earned State Pensions #BackTo60 for ALL #50swomen so that we can get on with the rest of our lives, those of us who are left! TIME to spend with loved ones TIME to support the High Street TIME to choose how we live
There ought to be no more excuses for MPs who still fail to grasp basic mechanics of Brexit:
I'm open to seeing May #ProrogueParliament - it's irregular but probably better for our democracy than allowing self-deluded MPs to throw away the trust of the people by nobbling Brexit
News of UK goverment's next Brexit minister leaked by Germans...
Look, it pains me to argue with fellow leftists while the Tories are killing people. Which is why I have stopped doing so. I voted for Corbyn &amp; would again if his stance on Brexit would change. Until then I pass on the demagogy.
Can the worst PM in British history sort the #brexit mess out? Surely not, she just goes from bad to worse, saying that nothing has changed, wasting time when clock is ticking
By continuing to support Brexit Corbyn will not only do nothing to improve the economic well being of Islington residents, but be complicit in the resulting damage to the weakest members of society.
Tell MPs: work cross-party to fix Brexit. Add your name now via
Thank God Canada gained its independence relatively painlessly and on its own terms.
the have correctly realised we are all utterly sick of brexit. It has been the last story on red button for the last two days
A leader with worst polling in the G20 giving a lecture about Brexit.
France has triggered a €50m contingency plan for a no-deal Brexit following the UK parliament’s overwhelming rejection of Theresa May’s deal, the French prime minister, Edouard Philippe, confirms.
via FrenchEntree: France triggers Brexit plan - including €50 million investment in ports and airports. #Brexit #EU |via Reuters — FrenchEntrée (FrenchEntree) January 17, 2019
Yet another #SNP fail #fishing #Brexit
A lot of work still to do in these uncertain times and i think regardless of brexit these inclusive workforce planning strategies should be made best practice. Sadly i had a bad experience with and their discrimination, for an HR position no less.
Rees Mogg Straps Steam Powered Explosive To Chest, Demands Worst Brexit Possible
Resevoir Cunts #Brexit #BrexitChaos #BrexitVote
I'll just break this out every time Tony Blair says something about Brexit.
Theresa May will realise she has only two options. No deal or a second referendum. A Brexit deal that satisfies all is unicorn thinking. #PeoplesVote
Next Brexit meaningful vote - Tuesday Jan 29! Mrs May will make the motion to be voted on public on Monday 21st and we can expect to see some interesting MP amendments.
The latest The C of E Newspaper Daily! Thanks to #brexit #abortion
Following May's defeat on her #Brexit deal, and her survival in the vote of no confidence, reveals that 60% of respondents in their 'Brexit and the Healthcare Industry' (Q3, 2018) say that No Brexit is the best option.
I hope May fixes this. HE can't be allowed to be leader of the UK.
Brexit is sh*t, end of. Want proof? Inflation is up from 0.5% to 3%, £ is down 20% (&amp; will fall further), thousands of jobs/businesses lost, wages down in real terms, UK credit rating down/cost of borrowing up, 2% lost growth since 2016, taxes set to rise, rights about to be lost
A bit of distance can help to see the greater picture. Did French President Emmanuel Macron sum up Brexit better than the British? | Euronews
He will come close
You talk as if these two things are unconnected. The SNP is working very hard to secure a second Brexit vote.
Brexit aside, my experience as an ex convent girl is that the church is very conservative...
#EU #UK #Brexit As another tense vote looms, Theresa May looks to fight another day
Indirectly it was though. Corbyn is much worse than any of the Brexit scenarios I think
It's party politics to pretend to have confidence in a government you don't, just to agitate for your own party's favoured wedge-issue. The entire country isn't as obsessed with overturning Brexit as the Lib Dems. A GE would at least give the LDs a chance to gain power, no?
Janey saves what’s left of my sanity everyday
Logic 1.0: Comrade Cobber says he will not enter discussions unless it is agreed that having no agreement will not be allowed. How many fish were counted? #WATO NOT #bbcWhatOh
While I get the sentiment, no-deal is the default outcome by operation of law if nothing else happens by Brexit day. By definition, it’s logically not something we can offer or remove. You can’t take something off the table if it’s something you have no control over.
BBCNEWS 6:09am BREXIT TALKS. PM met Lib Dems, SNP and Plaid Cymru last night; BREXIT TALKS. MP5 will vote on Brexit next steps on...
It's an excuse to stop brexit and nothing more, project fear
Don’t rely on Germany to solve Brexit, it doesn’t need to help Britain | Alan Posenor: -
British PM battles to keep Brexit on track after no-confidence win
Vital protections for wildlife and habitats, high food standards, necessary cross border co-operation on pollution and climate change - we run the risk of losing them all in a #NoDealBrexit, says
draft: "That an humble address be presented to Her Majesty, that ....her government irrevocably and unconditionally revokes the Notice it gave under Article 50(2) .....pursuant to the authority conferred upon her government by the European Union (Notice of Withdrawal) Act 2017."
Ffs and about time too
Get your own house in order before you comment on Britain, look over your shoulder, think you might find another French Revolution steaming towards you!! Europe being excessively greedy is what is causing the Brexit problems, and I voted to remain!!!
France triggers €50m contingency plan in case of no-deal Brexit #UK #UKBiz #England #Britain #UnitedKingdom
May pushes back next Brexit vote to January 29
Looks like has got a bit of competition.
Is she retarded
James let me ask you this, why didn't may set up a cross party committee for Brexit after she became leader? She is only asking for talks know cos she is fucked
Great idea. Can we have Theresa May leading Labour. Every news outlet would be on our side. Every mistake would be glossed over. Jibbering idiots would support her blindly!! I'm in!!!!!
Brexit: Rule out no-deal, Jeremy Corbyn tells Theresa May. Who is he to lecture May and us?
I think it was too expensive to make a profit not brexit.
This. As much as it pains me, but I feel The leadership of the Labour Party have it wrong on this.
If #Brexiters are so divided by what they think #brexit should be, are they not creating their own minority groups? Therefore the biggest undivided group are the #remainers.
Another look on How will #Brexit Impact Further and #HigherEducation in the #UK? --&gt;
A lot of work still to do in these uncertain times and i think regardless of brexit these inclusive workforce planning strategies should be made best practice. Sadly i had a bad experience with and their discrimination, for an HR position no less.
Come on Jeremy, we need a #Peoplesvote...
Accept rubbish or stay in? Are you really serious?!
Its a bit rich rich for MP's to whinge about a No Deal Brexit. If they are so worried they shouldn't have voted for A50.
'Order!' Why Europeans are turning to John Bercow for light relief in Brexit chaos – video
All her claim that the majority voted for Brexit favouring parties shows is that the parties failed the electorate.
The upside I suppose
We're all vexed about Brexit so it's time to batten down the hatches, play some Vera Lynn and watch Carry On films.
Disagree. Otherwise you can hold brexit hostage
Somebody’s got to stick to Brexit principles - May’s cabinet are like James Bond villains with white cats on their laps! May needs a James Bond
Brexit : Germany, Europe React After Parliament Voting
MEPs want to end permanent opt-outs from EU law and think #Brexit may be an opportunity to move away from models of ‘opting out’ towards models of ‘opting in’. A report by was voted today.
WTO Terms (‘No deal’) is the default method of #Brexit if no deal can be agreed before the 29th March deadline. This is written into Article 50 - you can’t just go around changing the rules to suit you! I want Brexit as much as anyone, but not a bad deal WTO Terms works for me
Another look on How will #Brexit Impact Further and #HigherEducation in the #UK? --&gt;
just saw you on sky news talking about brexit, had difficulty following as you are so beautiful,
Brexshit...pretty sure i'm the first person to make that joke....and that one...and that one...and that one....(in all fairness this is a great analogy for Brexit) #whatashitshow #BrexitShambles
And re-announced himself as a genuine leadership contender. #michaelgove #brexit
can have her Brexit at any price or she can have the Precious Union she has stated at the core of her political beliefs. No deal will wreck the latter and history looking harshly upon her is an understatement.
"With Brexit, the chumocrats who drew borders from India to Ireland are getting a taste of their own medicine."
Brexit : Germany, Europe React After Parliament Voting
Remainers have themselves to blame if the UK goes through a no deal brexit. If they'd admit defeat and got behind the government instead of sabotaging its position there would have been a deal agreed in stronger favour of the UK #NoDealNoProblem #WTOLetsGo #BrexitVote
Afraid of something...? :-D #TikTok
We have to have a second vote. Another GE does nothing but rearrange the deckchairs as we sink.
I just wonder, Brexiteers tempted to vote Corbyn because “he’s a Brexiteer” he won’t speak to May because he wants No deal ruled out! We’ll surely that’s the question about him delivering Brexit answered!! You really think he’ll do a Canada or FTA! Dream on terrorist appeasers!
"The Malign Incompetence of the British Ruling Class: With Brexit, the chumocrats who drew borders from India to Ireland are getting a taste of their own medicine."
. - spot on. We absolutely must (and will) leave the Customs Union, the Single Market, and the jurisdiction of the ECJ. Otherwise it's Brexit in name only.
What possible grounds do and have to expect that there’s a better deal to be negotiated? Did the 27 hold back something from TM that they will readily give JC ? It’s now down to No Deal or No Brexit.
Yes. Google Steve Baker Statutory Powers. He is a former Brexit Minister with deep links to Putin &amp; Bannon. He is the closest the Alt-Right ever got to penetrating the "deep state" in the UK (the term BoJo used). Also watch this
Data protection if there’s no Brexit deal - key practical points and preparations to consider if the UK were to exit the EU without a deal on 29 March 2019.
I'm over the line, that's it ,POLITICIANS are thick selfserving double dealing,cowards,something remain and leave can agree,full of hot air ,money for nothing,one big racket,it took brexit to show us all.
Brexit and the Laughable People’s Vote Campaign via
But Femi, how exactly HAS BREXIT made things worse? Especially when it hasn't happened yet? BTW, have you recovered from the shock you got in Wakefield?
EEEVVVVEERRYYTHING you need to know about #Brexit in one place
#Labour #JeremyCorbyn #JeremyVine #Brexit shhhhhhhhh........ a party lead by terrorists for terrorism and communism.
Your first thesis means the later ones are redundant. The moral force of the 2016 referendum is spent. Theresa May has made a complete hash of Brexit and it can be aborted. If either Labour or the Conservatives want to campaign to have another go at it, they are free to do so.
You see this is why we need a second referendum.
Awkward moment hapless Corbyn PULLED back to his bench by Labour MP
Stop retweeting the No campaign in anger! Screenshot them instead and deny them the exposure! | | #scotref #indyref2 #brexit
Let the people have the final say #PeoplesVote . I won't vote for a Brexit party that will deny the people a referendum.
I hope your right otherwise Brexit is lost.
This kind of puts the whole Brexit controversy in perspective for me
The current arrangement enables the 500million t/o very hi tech electronics co exporting to 156countries I'm a director of to function easily. No version of Brexit will improve it. Brexit &amp; we move all manuf to China &amp; 50% R&amp;D to Eu27. Trade with Eu is fair. Try Brazil under WTO!
The government is a fucking mess brexit is a fucking mess this country is a fucking mess
Not credible opposition in any shape or form.
Brexit affects so much.
BBC News - No-deal Brexit warning for UK drivers
He can’t, has to go through both houses of parliment
#HandsOff my Uncle Luigi, cousins Simone + Elisa (latter 2 who have a much better geordie accent than me + all lived in the UK for decades).Also let's not forget where Brexit also affects my Uncle Keith + Aunt Franca blissfully living in Belgium for years.
Unsurprising, in light of the mess and the constant daily political news of new problems... As we predicted in 2016 straight after the Brexit referendum:
The latest The Erwin Oliva Daily! Thanks to #worldnews #brexit
I concede there are roots in austerity but I would argue it was the 2008 crash (and not helped by Labour's "we've abolished boom &amp; bust" rubbish) that bought this about. However how does this constant harping back to the past help us with trying to stop brexit/austerity mk II?
You're talking about the Tories though, Daniel - as we know from Brexit, they NEVER have a plan B!
Somebody in Wales actually cares about politics !! Hooray !! We need to hear a LOT more from Wales on stopping #Brexit &amp; getting a second EU referendum &amp; Federal UK - shout it loud comrades !! #Wales
I think has argued that yes, finance-led growth model bad for uk. And yes, without finance, policy elites forced to find a different growth model, one that doesnt spill into #Brexit kinds of chaos.
Is May moving the shouting match to No 10, so as to try &amp; hide the disgusting brawl that you yobs have turned Brexit into ? You silly children. Stop bickering &amp; deliver the full Brexit that people voted for. You are our representatives, not masters. You opinions are irrelevant !
May meeting MPs to seek Brexit consensus, INSEAD professor Webber: She has one card to play #Politics #News #Business #Careers #Politics #Companies #Economy #Agrifish #Travel #Health #Meantime #trending
I like this stuff, nice break from Brexit.
We are told a no deal Brexit is not possible. The party who embraces the 2nd remainers Referendum becomes the betrayers of democracy. Let’s see how that plays out at the next election . Labour has nothing to gain from supporting another referendum right now
more in touch with reality than a tory led by the worst PM in history. Public also wise enough to never vote for u to win a 1st past the post election. How is #Brexit going for u dont hear much from u on the utter mess u lot have UK in?
I actually find it shocking that 44% of the UK in this poll still support #brexit - that’s a sizable number of people!
Why do the 'liberal' 'democrats' consider Corbyn an enemy? #corruption
Brexit is about what Britain is not. What’s needed now is a vision of what it is.
They were given until Sunday 20th and has proposed a Plan B for Monday 21st, so I'm happy to hear it before anything else happens. However, it seems Mr needs to pull his finger out of his backside; now! #Brexit #Planning #Leadership
Does yo1ur last sentence mean that you complain every time the phrase "Tory Brexit" is used?
What's the plan if Leave wins again? #Brexit #Remain
Gloom shrouds UK housing market outlook as Brexit nears #UK #UKBiz #England #Britain #UnitedKingdom
If we don't get a proper brexit we won't be voting conservative
Brexit: Are we running out of time?
Liked on YouTube: Brexit Commercial: What Is It?
"globalists" controll the media nice
How to take #NoDealBrexit off the table: you have to do something else instead.
Those Brexit PM talks in full: PM: Would you like a cup of tea? SENIOR PARLIAMENTARIAN: No. PM: Close the door on the way out.
Brexit dividend latest
Brexit news latest: Support for staying in EU hits highest level since referendum as 56 per cent say no to Brexit - Evening Standard. #BrexitShambles #BrexitChaos
You’ve projected a facile stereotype onto me simply bc I was born in NI Proving yourself a racist Like most decent NI ppl I neither support drum bangers nor bombers In NI hate filled extremists became empowered &amp; decent ppl suffered Precisely the impact #Brexit is having here 2/
I found this piece the most revealing into the thinking behind those hardline Brexiteers in the Tory party:
Brexit means an end of UK elitists Club EU. The ultimate gold plated FIFA-esque gravy train for the politicalists, corporationists, bankists, legalists and billionaires. Predictably, notable parasites are desperate to cling to it. Their ridiculous hysterical lies are nauseating
This
All these buffoons need to do is give us the brexit we voted for !! Most of the country want to leave with no deal , there's your answer It's clear for the "honourable" to see ?? That's a word isn't it mrs may ???
Indeed. But there is now no mechanism to stop Brexit occuring on 29 March without new legislation. The government controls the legislative programme and as of today is declining to introduce anything that will stop Brexit occuring as scheduled.
Brexit: No-deal outcome would put UK medicine supply at risk, German pharma industry warns
All I can say is if PM had a vote of no confidence &amp; result was 172 against 40 for like Corbyn &amp; he is still there......... #Brexit #PrimeMinister #noconfidencemotion
I am putting a fund raiser up re DC 2010 bribery act.
The TL;DR: Bubble-dwelling elitists ruined the world and they're about to muck up Brexit too. Great read. The Malign Incompetence of the British Ruling Class
Congratulations Phillip on the launch of this new campaign group for Conservatives who want to provide a vehicle for the electorate to have #FinalSayForAll and provide #InformedConsent to the final outcome to HMG Brexit negotiations. A Remain option must also be there in the mix!
Who can spare us from this Brexit disaster? | Coffee House
Suicide by Brexit. Never change your mind. Especially if you figure out you have been duped. You are not allowed to change your mind. Believe everything on first sight/listen. "But we do not want automatons "
I wouldn't worry too much about missing anything essential regarding Brexit! My attitude is, everyone is guessing what will happen if/when we leave, nobody actually knows, so it's a waste of time fretting over it. And to be a bit pessimistic, the decision's probably been made
#ToryFadcistGovtThe Cards are on the table!! We must stop Brexit and 2nd Referendum is our Only chance!!! Could a civil war, or civil strife, Actually Happen??
Too right. It might give Scotland access to the EU’s new member freebies some time in the next decade but certainly it’d make the resulting new UK England-Wales-NI a lot more profitable by avoiding the cost drain keeping Scotland afloat
Theresa May says 'door remains open' for Jeremy Corbyn to join Brexit crisis talks (VIDEO) # are you seriously going to allow the opposition to do a coup on Brexit and a public vote? Do you want to collapse our political system &amp; democracy?
PM A 'No Deal Brexit is the only deal that we will accept. Remember the people voted to leave the EU. LEAVE MEANS LEAVE!
Petition: Brexit re article 50 it must not be suspended/stopped under any circumstances
In the current climate libs and cons are miles apart over Brexit. Its the Corbyn May Westminster cartel that have snuggled up lead us into oblivion.
Seen CRAIG MURRAYS piece on a new ref with 3 options on Brexit
This will be the UK under a no deal brexit ....... #Zimbabwe #brexit #NoDealNoProblem #exitbrexit
"Cross party talks"? "Looking for common ground"? I don't think so. It's still May's deal, rejected by everybody, or nothing. That nothing has to be no Brexit, not no deal.
#Brexit: STOP a chaotic crash-out from the EU or STOP this madness altogether!
You know, I thought Britain was a democracy. Like it would be great if its politicians would follow the will of the people. (Of course, I say this as an American living a similarly bad shitstorm of incompetence and corruption.)
Are any of these things "what Brexit is about"? (Maybe they are.) Seems like more than anything Brexit is a meaningless mess that won't actually do anything it was advertised as doing.
The latest The Landrum Times! Thanks to #trumpshutdown #brexit
Not sure about this Parent Trap sequel
Spot on. I’ve been a company director for 20 years &amp; I’ve had exactly the same experience. Imagine if we’d had trade union &amp; business people negotiating Brexit.
#brexit Will the brits flee from Dover back to Dunkirque, after April 1st 2019?
This. This. This. Every word. Alex Massie spot on.
That's not a 'plan', it's a 'hope'. No brexit meets Labour's '6 tests', yet Labour are pro-brexit. In an incoherent mess. Labour call for a GE, but have no clear brexit policy except 'discuss' - really? A referendum isn't a 'brexit plan', neither is a GE. They're political noises
Is this bloke just thick? He needs to meet her to help ensure there is a no deal. The money being put by for a no deal could be spent elsewhere if he actually went and helped. Must be getting uncomfortable sitting on the fence and now seeing allies turn against you!
Is it the most logical solution to Brexit hell?
leave was leave without a deal - Cameron said so, all the remainers said WTO was bad - so they believed that as well. Find me a reference to Hard/Soft Brexit before the ref? May's deal is a compromise to appease remainers.
Why doesn't Labour accept May's WA? (Rhetorical question.)
% isn't enough my friend. For us to send BREXIT back into the abyss we must win BIG.
The Magic Grandpa wants to take the UK's best (and final) negotiating tactic off the table before considering having a chat with the PM. With this level of intelligence I'm amazed he doesn't need help getting dressed in the morning.
Could recommendations from Citizens' Assemblies help break the deadlock? BECAUSE LET'S FACE IT WE DO NEED SOMETHING DON'T WE?!
It’s Cameron who has caused this Brexit crisis not May
Philip Hammond tells business no-deal Brexit will be stopped
They know it's just a waste of time, same as May asking for another vote on her deal. There is no time for this faffing about when the Tory rabble are trying to get their No Deal. Stop Brexit, the Tories will implode, Labour for the win. It's not rocket science, at this point.
Cable is probably right to march in lockstep with the SNP, Plaid Cymru and the Greens - as it signals to people who used to vote for the LDs who vote for one of those groups that the party is acceptable again.
How does that lose control. To prove a point it is highly likely that France and the EU will deliberately hold up outgoing traffic. Simply tell them EU haulage will be stopped on a reciprocal basis.what that got to do with losing control of our Borders. #brexit
A couple of Chlorinated Chickens after #Brexit will have a kind of instant move to less meat in society. Perhaps UK will be spearheading 'Save the Planet' re #ClimateChange #liveline
Oh ffs.
I am confused. I do not want to leave EU. Leaving with No Deal would be equally disastrous IMO. But taking No Deal off the table means either: we leave with any (potentially awful) deal EU27 will give us (but that’s already been rejected by MPs), or we all agree we MUST stay in?
The Right has become totally unhinged. They no longer care what is Right for our Countrty! Sad! #Brexit #countrty
Unfortunately only a few votes really matter, those in swing seats and Brexit will steal with one hand and having the wrong leader steals yet more potential voters with the other.
What Comes Next for Brexit: U.K. Parliament to Vote on ‘Plan B’
But danger is TM will do some crap deal called Brexit just keep the promise and keep Torries reasonably United. What do you thing petition will do except forcing debate in Parliament
“YOU’RE THE CAUSE OF BREXIT” GERMAN MEP BLASTS THE EU
#PeoplesVote #Brexit #StopBrexit #Remain #FBPE Larry doing the brexit jumping cat doing his economic math and calculations. Have faith Larry you know the jumps good.
So Brexit = Martial Law...
BBCNEWS 6:11am BREXIT TALKS. PM wants ialks held in “constructive spirit“ BREXIT TALKS. Theresa May met DUP members this...
Thoughts?
UK Could Nix No-Deal Brexit, Delay Article 50, Hammond Tells Business Leaders
But intill there is a majority within the 51% let alone across the whole population that can agree on what type of brexit they want. I disagree with a 2nd referendum. But im interested to know what a majority would be ifbthere were options to dif types of brexit and remain.
please sign and RT .this is the next attempt by MAY and remoaners to cancel BREXIT
Can you find a consensus to support this? Break the binary fear based politics that has dominated the UK for so long. #brexit #Conservatives #Labour
Add 14bn of wasted foreign aid to that.....
clive grenville just signed this petition
Riven by crisis, UK searches for Brexit emergency 'plan B'
I believe that like the grand old Duke of York, he has to march them all way up the hill. Exhaust every last drop of Brexit credibility. He clearly mentioned that if May was not prepared to seriously negotiate with him, nor a GE to happen, then a PV will happen.
If you’re a Reporter in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a disaster for you. If you live in Yorkshire and the Humber then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this misery! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
calling it that May will call for a second Brexit referendum designed to fail this time in an attempt to salvage her political career
Very good read.,
Sanders is a Russian stooge. Putin uses the same tactic everywhere. Re: Brexit, 2017 French presidential elections, Italy and so on.
Hard Brexit risks &amp;#039;manageable&amp;#039; says Irish central bank official
Recognition of degree, skilled jobs: UK to open doors for more Indians after Brexit
Brexit, VAR &amp; Spygate. Genuinely run out of ••••s’ to give on these subjects.
Brexit so far. #HandsOff #The5Million
warmer
This is brilliant
Labour position on #Brexit is perfectly clear. Why do Tory politicians waste so much of our time with false claims ? #uklabour #gtto
Shhhhhhhh........ #Brexit #Labour the party lead by terrorists for terrorism and communism.
How does Brexit affect the pound?
Has he even got an alternative plan? #Brexit
Wow - is this the best u can do in response to the chaos of a Brexit which cannot end well and was instigated and sold through propaganda by your very own politicians?
France, Germany, Spain, Ireland, &amp; Netherlands have each begun to implement their "No Deal Brexit" contingency plans today. How are your local NDB plans (esp Public Disorder) coming along??? via
#corruptcorbyn all about his own too #britons don’t be fooled time for a #RevolutionInRuins #british #government is the epitome of #SocialismKills they live a life of luxury #taxes and the average Brit hand to mouth getting #crumbs #corruptcorbyn
PARLIAMENT/THE HOUSE OF LORDS: BREXIT.. THERE MUST NOT BE AN EXTENSION OF ARTICLE 50 OR A SECOND REFERENDUM - Sign the Petition! via
. MP 's #Wolverhampton constituents voted to leave by 68.2% He is calling for a 2nd referendum. Retweet to share this #Brexit betrayal. Please also let him know your views. Pat's email address is: Patrick.mcfadden.mp .uk #Labour4Leave #Labour
Brilliant idea! She is old and remembers the Empire, so she is bound to be a Brexiteer!
Heh. Quite. [thread]
No deal. Just hurry up and get out in my opinion. Sick of all the humming and harring can't be arsed with all this again sure I'm not the only one
How Devolution Is Being Affected By Brexit Explained #explainer #uk
Sensible people understand that to the EU taking the no deal off the table means they do not have any real reason to negotiate. Unfortunately Sophy you do not understand the basics of negotiating for the best deal at all. You should stick to reading scripts.
It was a busy morning with full attendance at the event. The speakers shared thought provoking keynotes discussing all aspects of #SupplyChain innovation. Key topics of the events included #Brexit, #Sustainability in business and #CarbonEmissions responsibility.
Andy Serkis is back with another Gollum parody of Theresa May - this time it's even better
#brexit is getting on my tits now so I’m going to immerse myself in some beauty for a while
I don't really want to tweet about Brexit but this whole 'cross-party coming together' thing is a nonsense: May is just running down the clock so it's her deal or no-deal. #Brexit
Is May moving the shouting match to No 10, so as to try &amp; hide the disgusting brawl that you yobs have turned Brexit into ? You silly children. Stop bickering &amp; deliver the full Brexit that people voted for. You are our representatives, not masters. Your opinions are irrelevant !
France triggers 'hard Brexit' plan and warns that no deal is 'less and less unlikely' #Brexit #Telegraph
[CARTOON] They have your back, Theresa! #Brexit
Amen to that Alastair
My latest #hottake. no deal on 29/3, on 30/3 May will agree a customs agreement with EU leaders, they'll agree to temp #A50 extension to get it through Parliament. #May will have fulfilled her promises then can walk away, flipping the bird as she goes. #Brexit
Tell MPs: work cross-party to fix Brexit. Add your name now via
Sad thing is I detest Gove and the Tories, but he trashed Corbyn last night, Corbyn is a joke and should stand aside as he actually wants Brexit, not long until he is no longer leader of Labour - never mind leader of the government.
A referendum doesn’t change they are the problem, not Brexit. Remain MPs trying to overturn or dilute a democratic vote they gave us.
For a smile amidst the turbulence:
I would like to see all red lines dropped and a process introduced in Parliament designed to enable an approach to Brexit which has majority support to be identified if there is one.
EU tax policy and Competition; EU-US trade relations and update on Brexit | European Commission via #TaxPolicy #EU #EUCommission #Brexit #US #TradeRelations #GlobalTrade
Whilst May and Hammond are in charge and negotiating Brexit, there is NO CHANCE of a fair deal for the UK. They are wedded to the EU and will only do their bidding. We need a Prime Minister that puts Britain first instead of the EU first.
We're hoping they take time to debate all cross-party proposals on how to fix Brexit - in fact, we've just launched a new campaign where we urge them to do so:
There wont be brexit unfortunately.
Don’t rely on Germany to solve Brexit, it doesn’t need to help Britain | Alan Posenor
How the rest Europe must be thoroughly PISSED OFF with LITTLE BRITAIN, if you're pissed off with us, be reassured 60% of us are as well
UK PM pushes for cross-party Brexit consensus
Here's Corbyn's letter to May today, making sensible and constructive points about how to get the whole of Parliament working together:
Marshall law? Goodbye to the oldest effective democracy in the world. Move on - nothing to see aside from may in a castle... I DON'T WANT THIS. I'm sure millions feel the same #MayMustGoNow #GeneralElection #BrexitShambles #PeoplesVote #democracy #corrupt
Malign incompetence indeed, though I reckon they knew exactly what they were doing when those lines were drawn...
Is it B for bin after T for Theresa? Riven by crisis, UK searches for Brexit emergency 'plan B'
Brexit latest news: Jeremy Corbyn under fire for refusing talks with Theresa May as PM seeks to break deadlock
Excellent analysis of RoI motivations in the Brexit negotiations.
Stop retweeting the No campaign and Unionists in anger! Screenshot them instead and deny them the exposure! | | #scotref #indyref2 #brexit
So the BBC, ITV and Sky didn't want to speak to the leader of our major Brexit party while finding plenty of time for people from other parties. Is this what they call impartiality?
Terrifying
If doesn't want to speak to PM w/o preconditions, then perhaps he could use that time to speak to us, the non-Lab member general public, &amp; explain with a level of clarity &amp; precision that he hasn't managed so far, exactly what his #Brexit strategy is #BrexitShambles
Fingers crossed we don't have any more drama interrupting Upload tonight... But just in case. Swot up here...
208: Brexit is Really Complicated: via
I suspect that my skills would be a pretty good compliment to yours Obi - and much the same motivation. Skills that had me fighting Brexit since before the vote! And ewin or lose - I pledge to dedicate my skills to the same end - banging the buggers up!
Most Remainers have psychological problems. I think the NHS should not treat such self inflicted psychological problems when trusting in hard Brexit was a freely available saner choice. Psychological support for millions of Remainers should be privatised. They had a choice.
Really - from a criminal campaign 3 years ago - new vote required now facts and complexity are known that is a public duty surely
Brexit: Government calls up British army reservists to help prepare for no-deal
Because them Tory scum MPs would lose there MPs salary that's why. 2 faced scumbags.
Theresa May - "Let's talk about brexit, but only if you accept all of my conditions so that what we're actually talking about is my brexit and no chance if any other"
And pruning City Hall’s excessive PR department while he’s at it
Ironically, all that was said, was all what we knew. Conservatives supporting May because they don’t want to lose their seats, not because they all support Brexit. Sad state of affairs, but least Derby won on penalties.
My new fav tweet:
That’s just because did such a terrible job with what the people voted for #Brexit
The latest The Skydas Group Daily reader! Thanks to #breakingnews #brexit
It's Jared Kushner's Fault We Didn't Learn From Brexit
#Germany industry 'looking into the abyss' as #Brexit fears mount via
Corbyn: no talks with May until no-deal Brexit is off table
Insight Of The Day : #Brexit itself is not a problem at all, businesses would continue to trade with each other as usual, people travel as usual. The overarching problem is politicians feel the need to be involved and wrestle to have a say in what people and businesses do.
Here's the breakdown of imports by category of goods and tariff regime. Note that, unlike for export data, you can see the value of goods to which a tariff either was or was not applied, so it gives you much more accurate information on what kind of impact Brexit would have
Under no circumstances can Irish Govt tolerate this further demonstration of UK’s control over occupied 6Co’s Sinn Fein should oppose this charade rather than their present preoccupation with Global Warming, Gay Marriage and of course Islamisation of Ireland.
Protect the donuts!
The latest The UK Wealth Daily! Thanks to #brexit #london
Ah that’s great that means they will be used to deprivation so when Brexit delivers more they will probably enjoy it! Great result! #brexitdividend
Yep - but why would this Govt do anything logical?
That about covers it #Brexit
A second Referendum may not be a bad idea, but Remain should not be on the ballot ##Brexit
bring 2 jags back
lol thread
German industry 'looking into the abyss' as Brexit fears mount
A memo from a career committee member . . . Why don’t you go and meet her, stand in front of her, question her, put her on the spot, hold her to account, tell her this is all wrong, call her a prick, anything, don’t issue a memo though.
Hitachi did not abandon plans for the power plant solely because of Brexit, they have concerns about EU legislation too
UK Labour could back second Brexit referendum, Martin Keown hints
We've never needed a new politics or the idea behind More United more. I've signed: Tell MPs: work cross-party to fix Brexit. Add your name now via
The latest UNDER1ROOF! #governmentshutdown #brexit
Because the Brexit secretary was a bluffer who didn't do his homework and continually proposed deals that he knew the EU could not accept.
As we predicted in 2016 after the Brexit referendum - now showing signs of happening ---&gt; #Europe faces 'Bregret' #Brexit #EU #politics
So my view is we need to support a soft Brexit with Hopefully a Back Stop. Then we need time, those calling for immediate border polls are clearly not serious or concerned with winning one.
It's times like this when Athena really should intervene and sort it all out. #Brexit #ClusterFuck
Maybe #Brexit can at least take some comfort bc it's not alone.
What's the latest on Brexit?
Brexit: MPs to debate and vote on Brexit 'plan B' options on Tuesday 29 January - Politics live
#BatmanForPM sounds like it might be worth a try!
If the country had voted Remain we would not have had two years of utter devastation with more in the immediate future. And we would probably have a Labour government by now. #Brexit is keeping the Tory shitshow going because all the Tory awfulness is banished to pages 10 onwards
UK in a Changing Europe Anand Menon on BBC 5 Live: the vote on the Brexit deal
Use the money that we would have spent on Brexit on the areas that voted leave.
It was not Brexit in any way shape or form....which is why it was voted down. You can call it a Swan all you want but if it quacks like a duck, waddles like a duck and looks like a duck ... it’s a bleedin duck!
Yet another reason for giving people the right to vote. Poll: Support for staying in EU at highest level since referendum
They need the £39 Billion desperately..and why give it them? Let this monstrous #EU 'trading block' which is pursuing central control of member states AND wants it's own armed forces crumble and collapse. Who needs a #FourthReich?
It's because Brexit land is a surreal projection.... The real battle for the life, heart and soul of this country is being fought behind the befogging smokescreen of Brexit.....
BREXIT NOTICE FROM HMRC The UK will be leaving the EU on 29 March 2019. For further information see our blog at or website at
Billboard campaign reminds voters of MPs' Brexit promises – The Guardian
Ignoring WTO rules won't stop disruption. People need to realise that the whole purpose of Brexit was to disrupt the Common Market and Customs Union, so there was no efficient hegemony, but independently created tariff barriers.
tbh it's not even a solution anyway. London also voted Remain, and it's bigger than Scotland in both population and GDP. If Scotland should be excused from Brexit, arguably so should London.
The EU is united. Brexit supporters are divided as they didn't know what they were voting for....
didn't you mention something about this?
Brexit is about our departure from the EU, not one foot out the door. I welcome a no deal Brexit if a reasonable deal remains off the table. A second vote is a terrible move, for it signals an embarassing retreat due to incompetance.
salmond salmond salmond enquiry she knew
Hey, I have spent decades campaigning for Labour leaders, so did my ancestors! Corbyn IS letting down the party, history will show this opportunist put his own ambitions before those of the people he should be representing. First, brexit and Labour cancel out each other.
In the last ten minutes I’ve written and deleted replies to several tweets from lacking credit on projects you’ve worked on, shitty editorial practice and Brexit bollocks, I’m almost proud of myself...
Shit show, Unfortunately, this was always going to be the case. "Look over there Brexit" #IrishGovernment
Respect democracy by scrapping brexit as it’s anti-democratic
Thread. The madness summed up.
Is May moving the shouting match to No 10, so as to try &amp; hide the disgusting brawl that you yobs have turned Brexit into ? You silly children. Stop bickering &amp; deliver the full Brexit that people voted for. You are our representatives, not masters. Your opinions are irrelevant !
this tweet is a work of art
Philip Hammond should be sacked for his underhand practices. He's been a block to Brexit and a bloody awful chancellor. Double Whammy.
BBC News - No-deal Brexit - the data dilemma
great pictures #rocnorthants
#Brexit #Corbyn 1. Demands that before he is prepared to talk, no deal must be removed from table. 2. Once removed, Corbyn says he will oppose EVERYTHING except his deal (once it is invented). 3. Forces his deal as No Deal not permissible. 4. Corbyn celebrates democracy at work.
But it comes at the cost of having to fight not only for oxygen as party with 12 MPs but when you are sharing a podium not only with third party but with Caroline Lucas, who is box office in a way Vince...isn't:
The application to “fast track our entry” is already in. It was opposed once already however and here we are.
So... Tory supports Tory eh Hugo. Well who would have believed it... OMFG
So she shouldn't bring people's attention to this because of Brexit? Wow!
Tbf May wanted to shut him out of the cross party talks. May and her stupid red lines mean that Labour aren't going to get far with the Tories anyway, as Labour are seeking a customs union and FoM. Which we all know goes against May's policy of appeasing the Brexit ultras.
#UK Labour wants #urgent discussion of UK-EU #CustomsUnion to avoid #NoDeal. Does an UK-EU Customs Union remove the backstop? I'm unsure? Does it address all undesired conditions in the Tory proposal? I'll read more detail ...
Support for Remain highest since referendum, Brexit poll finds
A No Deal Brexit is the default legal position. Take that off the table and like the backstop negotiations with the EU could go on forever.
The Iraq War killed hundreds of thousands of people. That’s not a mere “mistake”. Tony Blair needs to find the nearest rock and crawl under it. His presence as a spokesman for the remain side is poisonous.
Completely lost me on your response #brexit
Best Brexit article in months, describing in detail how Germany has no incentive whatsoever to help Britain roll back time.
Hey ! Pay attention will ya?! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay
no deal is the only option
Depends whether we get our democracy back and a true Brexit.
Is May moving the shouting match to No 10, so as to try &amp; hide the disgusting brawl that you yobs have turned Brexit into ? You silly children. Stop bickering &amp; deliver the full Brexit that people voted for. You are our representatives, not masters. Your opinions are irrelevant !
As the Brexit shambles continues it is becoming even more important that we the people get a vote on the final deal. Please lobby Sir Keir Starmer to back a People’s Vote - Sign the Petition! via
Brexit : Germany, Europe react after parliament voting
If Brexit is lost, the Tories will become New Labour and it will take years for them to get into power again. Remain Tories are playing with fire, they need to deliver a clean break from EU....
After Brexit - Sure we are all Irish now. Importing paper to cover British passport demand!
A no deal #Brexit doesn't have to be a "disaster" to have a huge and adverse effect on people. The 2008 financial crisis reduced GDP by a few percent but it still greatly affected people especially the poorest and most financially insecure. A no deal will do the same.
Corbyn polarises folks. You either love him or despise him. No middle ground. That's why he won't be PM. I will never forgive him for his rebellions. Never forgive him for his support of the IRA. Never forgive him for enabling Brexit. Labour need to think again.
Go go go
Brexit is a shambles but F this cocky shit. Germany are trying to create an EU army, countries like Greece, Spain and Italy are being F’d in the B for years...
Just saying..
Perhaps to prove this let’s have a vote on TM deal or No deal Remain lost so shouldn’t be on there. The Electorate is now 60% Brexit and growing so let’s prove that to the Losers(Remainers).
The part where people didn't actually know what Brexit meant, so didn't actually know what they were voting for
Thread
Imagine being someone they got irritated by this.
It's my belief that Corbyn know exactly what he's doing – viz: precipitating a no-deal Brexit on the basis that it's his surest route to power.
Divided and riven by crisis, Britain searches for Brexit ‘plan B’ #europenews
EU to ensure banks' access to UK clearing houses in no-deal Brexit: ECB
Is May moving the shouting match to No 10, so as to try &amp; hide the disgusting brawl that you yobs have turned Brexit into ? You silly children. Stop bickering &amp; deliver the full Brexit that people voted for. You are our representatives, not masters. Your opinions are irrelevant !
Is it just for me to not hand my dissertation in because it’s not finished because I’ve been too busy stressing my ass off about how fucked we’re going to be as a nation after Brexit?
What positive outcome can she achieve during the next two months, literally nothing. But to save her rule and satisfy her lust for power, she could go along the disastrous and suicidal route of NO DEAL Brexit. (2/2)
Willie, support for a Scotland in the EU and out of the UK is now at an all time high. Are you still demanding that as a country, we continue to lose our democratic voice because YOU SAY SO???? Willie you aren't fit to have a say. A wee man chucking his toys oot the pram.
I thought Scottish Independence was a very silly idea until Brexit. Especially in the case of no deal, I say go for it Scotland and can I please move back up there?
EXCELLENT IDEA!
Brexit: Conservative MPs launch push for fresh referendum as one admits ‘we created this mess’ - The Independent
I am not keen on the expression, outside it’s proper context- but we are in a perfect storm of political circumstances around Brexit, aren’t we?
(Daily Herald) #Airports, customs, trade: #Europe preps for a chaotic Brexit : France's government is kicking off a 50 million-euro plan to prepare for the increasingly likely possibility that Britain will leave the European Union March 29 without a ..
How does a whole border fit into a taxi....?
BBCNEWS 6:12am BREXIT TALKS. PM meeting with MP5 to try to end Brexit impasse; BREXIT TALKS. PM met Lib Dems, SNP and Plaid Cymru...
Suggested hypothesis : ignorance is born of arrogance. Why bother to find out, when you know it all already?
(The Roanoke Times) #Airports, customs, trade: #Europe preps for a chaotic Brexit : PARIS (AP) — France is spending 50 million euros ($57 million) to beef up security at airports and the Eurotunnel, hiring hundreds of extra ..
#Germany: We'll do all we can to ensure #Britain quits #EU with a deal #Brexit
We leave on the 29th March - that is enshrined in law as is. The only deal on the table has been rejected. The EU aren’t (apparently) prepared to negotiate. How can you rule out a hard brexit when there are only 70 odd days until the law you passed means we leave?
#ToryFascistGovt The Cards are on the table!! We must stop Brexit and 2nd Referendum is our Only chance!!! Could a civil war, or civil strife, Actually Happen??
The most sensible, side-splitting rendition of the past 48 hrs.
Who TF does Putin think he is? Pay attention, Leavers. You're playing right into Putin's hands.
In the absence of a Brexit deal, World Trade Organisation rules on tariffs apply. Read our quick step by step guide to WTO tariffs and most-favoured nations tariffs. #TradingThroughBrexit
“Humiliations in neo-imperialist ventures abroad, followed by the rolling calamity of Brexit at home, have cruelly exposed the bluff of what Hannah Arendt called the ‘quixotic fools of imperialism.’” (Worth reading.)
Absolutely brilliant take on Brexit and its vainglorious fools (political leaders). Great Britain will descend into a squalid swamp. The curse of the erstwhile colonies of the British Empire are coming true!
(Western Journalism) #Airports, customs, trade: #Europe preps for a chaotic Brexit : The Western Journal has not reviewed this Associated Press story prior to publication. Therefore, it may contain editorial bias or may in some ..
What's up in in 2019 ? #ATTRACTIVITE #BREXIT #LAVIEENGRAND #PARISLADEFENSEARENA #EOLE
The betrayal of me and my kind, the traditional working class of the Nation comes from the membership of a party that is alleged to represent us #Brexit I repeat. and current will finish what Thatcher and started
As in Indy supporter, I think a no deal Brexit would be useful for our campaign. We could end up there by accident. May is trying to square circles that cannot be squared. EU won’t remove backstop etc. Moving her red lines destroys her own party. What do you think can be tweaked?
To help prepare the fishing industry for #Brexit, the Welsh Government has arranged a series of 'Brexit and Fisheries' roadshow events to share information. The next event is in #Holyhead this afternoon. Find out more here:
Brexit LIVE: 'Treacherous' Hammond's plot to WITHDRAW Art 50 and block no deal - REVEALED -
I see what you're saying. May called an election to get more time. The real question is whether Corbyn would have faired better in 2017 if he hadn't seemed so keen to support Brexit post referendum.
Shhhh...... #Brexit #Labour #JeremyCorbyn the party lead by terrorists for terrorism and communism.
No-deal Brexit will hurt us and we're not ready, say tech companies Source:
Matt Hancock Verified account Given Jeremy Corbyn will talk to Hamas, Hezbollah &amp; the IRA - it’s astonishing he won’t talk to our Prime Minister about Brexit. Not fit to lead
Corbyn Labour have made negotiating a customs union and tariff free access to the single market essential elements of any soft brexit. It pains me to discuss these things with those on the left who intellectually mirror idiots on the right.
Opinion: Brexit chaos is the fault of absolutely everyone except the people who actually voted for it
Sure. Or maybe it’s the fact that any further no-confidence votes will be pointless and only serve to run down the clock till brexit
The meaning vote itself could only ever stop the government entering into a deal. It was not designed to stop Brexit itself.
Is Brexit ever going to end?
First-time buyers shrug off Brexit saga in Britain via
???? The Sun is getting worse
Please publish the reply when it comes.
what did I say? Voldemort's sister
Terrified EU to make MAJOR CLIMBDOWN on Brexit deal
Keep up the good work supporting Brexit.. as we all know, or should know, the EU is the rich man's business club.. regulations keep out the multinationals competitors.. it one reason why middle-sized businesses are so pro no deal..
Farage has warning for EU over second Brexit referendum demands – 'Barnier in for a SHOCK'
Yet another reason the Westminster Model is superior!
One of my pet Brexit hates. And she's not the only one to trot that one out on a regular basis, drives me mad.
What Comes Next for Brexit: U.K. Parliament to Vote on ‘Plan B’
OUR FRONT PAGE: UK demand for credit cards and mortgages is collapsing as Brits brace themselves for the shock of Brexit. Read more:
me #ThursdayThoughts bout #Brexit after #BrexitVote and stuff
The government only won last nights confidence vote because of the dup. What's may promised em now that's what i want to know? #brexit
No-deal Brexit warning for UK drivers
What Comes Next for Brexit: U.K. Parliament to Vote on ‘Plan B’
But he insists on staying in CU . That’s not Brexit!! If you want to be serious negotiators with May, then Please stop making conditions beforehand. You’re not in government, other than in your dreams, and any collaboration means everyone at the table must have an open mind
The thing is Sammy when the Uk were talking all things Brexit they did not consider NI at all in fact they forgot all about ye ! Enda Kenny / Leo Varadkar in the meantime decided to protect the Republic of Ireland with the backstop and YOU can’t come to terms with that!!!
What brexit option would be put in a 2nd ref #PeoplesVote if both Theresa May's crap deal&amp; #NoDealBrexit have already been ruled out by our Sovereign (Parliament)? Is there enough time for a PV anyway? Also,Executive are only ones who can action one? The PV makes no sense #FBPE
Both main parties are sorely lacking in this department
Government: brexit is our main focus. Also government: Ban low level letter boxes requiring more money to be spent on doors
The only people in the UK who like Tony Blair is the media. The media likes him because he criticises everything Corybn does. Former 'Labour' leader telling the public to vote tory or lib dems is pathetic. Someone superglue his mouthshut #R4Today #BrexitVote #BREXIT
Brexit: Are we running out of time? via
Precise and to the point... Waiting for all the other companies to follow suit...
There's an issue with long term legitimacy. A confirmation vote would (providing the laws on targeted advertising and consequences of overspend are tightened) provide an unimpeachable mandate. Without that, with a split country, Brexit will remain a festering sore on politics.
Ah, some numbers here re departed Leave voters
But May decided what she wanted the result of Ref to mean, that she's wrong mattered not a bit to her, she decided and that was that. No analysis of the breaches of electoral law allowed. She would now deliver Brexit. Further input from anyone, especially MPs was unwelcome.
says a no-deal Brexit would be catastrophic for the UK - so would mounting an illegal invasion of a foreign country #Iraq #warcrimes
Why #Pepperstone lists as #mortgage company? Or #gaming platform? Finance industry person said it's running a b-book model, not putting trades into #real markets! #crypto #trading #fx $gbp $gld $jpy #eur #btc #forex #cfds $cad #yen #usdjpy $gc #brexit #beigebook $dia $funds #vc
I think this pretty neatly sums it up...
So obvious Corbyn wants a no deal the choas it will cause will trigger a General Election to say he only wants a soft Brexit or a 2nd referendum is just not what is needed #Brexit
&amp; # 39; Orderrrrrrr &amp; # 39 ;: John Bercow finds international acclaim with all eyes on Brexit
Answer : #Brexit #Frexit #Irexit #Swexit #Italexit #Czexit #Hungrexit, etc. ! &amp; Dump #LeoVaradkar #Orban
The most perfect summary you could ask for!
They don’t seem to care as long as they stay in EU along with any perks! Democracy is just what “they” want and “the leave people “ are irrelevant ! The legal default Brexit is WTO. Referendum was LEAVE. That meant ALL of EU. WE ALL KNEW THAT including ALL MPs betraying Brexit!
#HandsOff my Uncle Luigi, cousins Simone + Elisa (latter two of which have a much better geordie accent than me but all Italian passports in UK). Also let's not forget where Brexit also affects my Uncle Keith + Aunt Franca in Belgium.
PM Theresa May: "Overwhelmingly, the British people want us to get on with delivering Brexit, and also address the other important issues they care about." Overwhelmingly: 52-48
MPs reject Brexit deal: we all knew this would happen. Most of us a month ago. Labour losing no confidence vote. Again obvious this would be the case. And sadly Labour would lose a GE which is why I’m bemused they hanker for it so much. None of this solves the big issue at hand!
#Remainers and #Leavers alike must realise the true freedom of a #NoDealBrexit with the #EuropeanUnion. Fear is trying to be struck into us via exaggeration &amp; invention. We're #GreatBritain, they need us more than we need them! via
You should only focus on the referendum that I think is important, not the one you think is important. Oh, Willie Rennie, you for real?
Quel surprise.. folks must be woke now
Really? On balance I'd say Jeremy Corbyn attracts more criticism on Brexit policy than Theresa May. This thread starts with that very premise.
No one knows what Brexit is, time for another ref.
Wow!! I'm not usually political but .... #StopBrexit #Remain
Mr Corbyn’s strategy has always been to let the Tories take the blame for a disastrous “No Deal” Brexit in the hope that their Party will be destroyed and he will have a mandate for a Socialist UK. Mrs May is helping him by telling Remainers and Brexiteers she’s on their side
You know what though - I wonder how much of this Brexit chaos has made people think twice about #Indyref2- not much from the SNP other than we won’t let them..people are exhausted - any campaign would need to be fresh, energetic and comprehensive. Hope EU has confirmed auto entry
haw Willie what part of #Mandate don't you understand? Just ask we will explain, #ScotRef is not up to Nicola, it's her responsibility to call it. The #Mandate belongs to US the people who voted for it, it's our Mandate &amp; will be used. Stop attacking Scottish people's decision
At the end of that report is this very stark message. Fringe extremist elements are trying to hold threaten our MPs into silence. #ThisIsBrexit Are you OK with this? Brexit without FinalSay is not democracy, it's tyranny #MakeItStop
Brexit vote chaos: behind the scenes with three MPs via
The option to revoke A50 ends on March 29. 23.00 GMT Goodwill toward the UK being in the EU is rapidly evaporating.
can have her Brexit at any price or she can have the Precious Union she has stated at the core of her political beliefs. No deal will wreck the latter and history looking harshly upon her is an understatement.
You &amp; your wife are talking about going on holiday &amp; she asks do you fancy going on holiday? You say yes. You say where? She says no we cant decide that until we have been on holiday? Brexit means different things to different people. Shall we brexit? What type? Direction needed.
It won't be long before they're gone. They've made a terrible mess of brexit and they'll attempt to pass the buck
Calling for a Deal or No Deal Brexit. Where Teresa May has to pick a deal out of a random box and that's the one we get. Everyone has a laugh, accept the result, and overall, it was a lovely day out.
There was only one real question. She sought a bigger mandate for her Brexit and the electorate removed her majority. The answer was no.
Admit you got the brexit vote wrong?!
Martial Law instead of Brexit for Britain?
Millions of EU citizens can't access personal records, high court told
Gloom shrouds UK housing market outlook as Brexit nears | Reuters
One of the oddities of Brexit is how the Liberal Democrats managed to take on a wave of new members (&amp; money) but still remain this quirky little, rarely noticed, political backwater.
The latest The willy Daily #decchiù! Thanks to #brexit #fotografia
FOLLOWING UP MY THOUGHTS: TO BE CONTINUED.. PEOPLE WE ARE THE SOFTWARE OF NATURE AND HARDWARE. WE'RE GOING TO IN EXCEPTIONAL SYSTEM EXCEL IN THE SPRING THAT THE PRESIDENT CREATE.DEM,S CREATE WINTER WITH THEIR POLITICAL AGENDA. BREXIT NO TALKING DEMOCRATS PELOSI .GB USA .ADAM S.
Are ye for or against Englands Tory Brexit?
The people of #hastings brace yourselves the #snakes are coming into town.. #leavemnsleave #brexit
I was ambivalent about Brexit before the referendum, and after much thought opted for Leave - just - now I am furious that the political classes think they have the right to overturn the result just because they dont like it. All we have is our votes, this makes them meaningless
MPs could use the Humble Address, a Parliamentary Procedure to Revoke Article 50. Brexit was a con, TMs Remain without rights in blackmail negotiations, disguised as Leave is a con. If Leave No Deal is a disaster, REMAIN IS BEST, all other deals leave us poorer with less rights.
The debate over a second Brexit referendum: The dangerous imperfections of a three-way vote via
What Comes Next for Brexit: U.K. Parliament to Vote on 'Plan B'
4/ Important piece by this morning.
If you didn't see this, it's not too late. Utterly depressing though.
BREXIT
The dilemma of a no-deal #Brexit - Change is the one certainty of Brexit. Is your business prepared for all eventualities? #NoDealBrexitBrexit
Sums up my feelings today.
Oh do fuck off and die,
Art 50 not working as designed though is it due to our government and the EU doing everything they can to stop Brexit.
The Malign Incompetence of the British Ruling Class Pankaj Mishra on the ghosts of the Indian and Irish partitions coming back to haunt Britain #brexit
A General Election changes NOTHING on Brexit. Corbyn pushes for it for personal gain and not the good of the country. He is more dangerous to the country than Brexit.
On the subject of #Brexit and Peace Processes...
It's all the usual complete bollocks of course. When did Toynbee ever say anything that involved fact or common sense. What pea brain assumes all new voters will be anti brexit. ToynPea.
Leadership of #Europe #EU #Brexit
It will however run down the clock until her WA deal is the only option available to avoid No-Deal, avoid No-Brexit, and avoid Corbyn becoming PM.
Theresa May's Brexit deal has been defeated. Now, to stop a No Deal Brexit, we need more time. I’ve signed the emergency petition calling for Article 50 to be extended or withdrawn. You can sign it, and sign up to hear more from , here:
Treacherous’ Hammond’s plot to WITHDRAW Art 50 and block no deal – REVEALED #Brexit
Hard Brexit the same? Bye bye Tory Party!
And presumably you will have to declare this benefit to the EU in terms both of money and being bought. Don't forget to stand up and declare who bought you next time you same the country in the E Park Only benefit of brexit... Shot of garage once and for all
I bet they will look marvelous as part of our Brexit party. I mean, what can be more British than ?
Labour has made its position clear on this. Is the PM genuinely listening or playing politics? She faced a huge defeat 2 days ago, incl from a large number of her own MPs. She needs to put her hubris to one side &amp; reflect upon what last night’s result would have been without DUP.
If you are sick of it, and you are a young voter, How do you think those of us in our twilight years feel? I know we will soon be dead but hens teeth our politics has never been as divisive as it is today or as badly managed throughout the HOC
If 27 eu country’s can’t make a united decision you can’t expect 4 countries too.
Scheer guy, but your comments about Bernier supporters made me question your motivations as a political pundit. Sorry for being a dick. I don’t think u understand Brexit or the frustration of the working class, and how valid concerns are dismissed as the ramblings of dumb plebs.
The latest #FFRNN #BRAINWASHER DISINFO DAILY! #nhl #brexit
The fact is, whatever happens, we will be poorer in so many ways due to people who are so influenced by MSM and idiots like Farage and crew. They didn’t understand that Brexit was to make a small minority of people like Odey very rich.
Time for politicians to come together and get a deal - end the uncertainty for businesses large and small #brexit
What a Tory Brexit vs a Labour Brexit? Unless one of you comes out with a sensible policy to #RemainandReform we are voting with our feet. #ABTV #RevokeArticle50
First-time buyers shrug off Brexit saga in Britain via
We now know: - that Labour, the SNP, the Lib Dems and the Green Party all called on May to rule out a 'no deal' Brexit - that she refused, but the SNP, the Lib Dems and the Green Party went to talk to her anyway - that the SNP and the Greens both asked her to rule out 'no deal'*
Taking #Brexit #nodeal off the table is not an option Jeremy Corbin. None of you can agree anything, so it has to be the fall-back position. Stop throwing your toys out the pram and actually contribute something constructive!
Britain’s imperial fantasies have given us Brexit | Gary Younge
Can you explain how this will work by March 29th without leaving our farming community open to competition from all countries - Michael gove has talked about tariffs of 40% in some markets..You also just ignored my personal experience-how will Brexit change your life
Keep up the good work supporting Brexit.. as we all know, or should know, the EU is the rich man's business club.. regulations keep out the multinationals competitors.. it's one reason why middle-sized businesses are so pro no deal..
France triggers €50m contingency plan in case of no-deal Brexit
I’m so sick of the word Brexit.
You know what are symbols of national status? An inspiring educational system. Efficient public transport. A health service that supports its workers. A justice system that punishes tax avoidance. A living wage. Renters rights. But tories want a big submarine #Brexit #Tories
About time the got rid of still propping up the Tories, they shafted one generation with tuition fees and will shaft another over #Brexit #FBPE #LibDems #Labour #GTTO
Yes - exactly that. I think a brexit disaster would be seen as an advantage so that they come in as saviors.
More on Brexit referendum: the whole debate revolves around what people in 2016 voted for (52% of 72% of the qualified electorate who voted, voted in favour of leave … how to explain/justify 'the British people' claim in this formulation?
You got nothing rightwhen yiu was in the sack with the Tories andd you are still making mistakes TODAY
2/2 “trying to force an unworkable expiry date into the backstop. Here’s one: time to arrange and hold a #PeoplesVote to resolve this Brexit mess once and for all.”
the trouble with being over leveraged in life is the underlying value is always exposed. Leader of opposition won’t meet the PM. But hangs out with Hamas, Hezbollah. Back benches were your niche. I want my Labour back. Not yours. #brexit #CorbynOut #nationalcrisis
BBC News - No-deal Brexit warning for UK drivers
#British lawmakers will vote on the #government #Brexit Plan B on Jan. 29, Andrea Leadsom, the leader of the Commons, said #Thursday . #MNA_English #MNA #Anglophones
BBCNEWS 6:13am BREXIT TALKS. Jeremy Corbyn says May should 'ditch her red lines" BREXIT TALKS. Labour leader calls again for a...
Why does everyone keep saying "May's deal" as though it's not just the deal that Brussels handed her? Corbyn's bashing it and saying he'd do better but not offering any concrete solutions. Brexiteers say they want Brexit but don't know what it entails or how to achieve it.
Within the EU their word is law and that’s one of the reasons we want out.
Reservoir Cunts #Brexit #BrexitChaos #BrexitVote
Umm, yes they have Iain. Here's their position as of December 2018.
Erm Femi you stupid person... Nigel Farage was part of Grassroots out, not Vote Leave who won and Brexit will improve our lives minus yours because you're a crybaby remainer who loves the Elite Union. Why not move over to one of their 27 countries if you love it so much?
Just happen to live in South Wales, highest deprivation in Northern Europe. India/Aus. FoM will be part of any trade deal we get post Brexit - particularly India. Open borders, work well in the UK/Ire.
What positive outcome can she achieve during the next two months, literally nothing. But to save her rule and satisfy her lust for power, she could go along the disastrous and suicidal route of NO DEAL Brexit. (2/2)
So it’s official: the FA Cup is more important than Brexit, and the very future of Britain’s constitution. That’s according to a set of TV viewing figu...
in this political climate, nothing is impossible
It’s going to get ugly in the streets, Italy next! #YellowVests
+++ Brexit crisis: Germany and Europe react — live updates +++
An arrogant, biased and extremely unpleasant person working for Sky. For me, YOU are the last resort, abrasive and bullying.
don't we wish we had a good technocrat in charge of brexit now?
If Corbyn had said the same things about May that Gove said about him you’d be patting him on the back. I hate the Tories but enough with the pedestal you all have JC on, he’s been ineffectual at best, cynical at worst when it comes to Brexit.
The daily business briefing: • Theresa May survives no-confidence vote after Brexit setback • Microsoft pledges $500 million for affordable housing in Seattle • Vanguard founder and index-fund pioneer John Bogle dies at 89
They are right in this case. This is no time for party politics. No deal Brexit is a real risk and it's clear that Labour have as many chances of winning a no-confidence vote as May of getting her deal through Parliament. It's time to get real.
WREXITEER Theresa #May Chosen to Deliberately Wreck #Brexit, Trigger Second Referendum That Will Be Rigged For #Bremain | SOTN: Alternative News, Analysis &amp; Commentary #ThursdayMotivation #ThursdayThoughts
Wow, for Me, PATHETIC !!! the Brexit PATHETIC !!! The British Pathetics !!! Upstairs THE PICS !!!
Essentially it has to be the right kind of democracy for her democratic tinglies to be pulsing.
Has your business started planning for Brexit? Our self assessment tool could help... and it only takes around 6 minutes to complete #PrepareForBrexit
May will stick to Brexit 'principles' in cross-party talks, says No 10
If Brexit gets cancelled, can we call it BritIn?
“The only form of Brexit that is possible is one that will entrench the status quo or produce something far worse.” on why the left must unite against Brexit
Jeremy Corbyn has reiterated his refusal to discuss Brexit options with Theresa May until she rules out the idea of a no-deal departure. asks: is Brexit no longer a project of the right?
Brexit doesn’t work for Scotland that’s the point! We didn’t vote for it! #DissolveTheUnion
We seem to subsidies land owners not to farm on their lands, many wealthy investors have bought up land purely to receive those subsidies ie EU grants, the present system needs reviewing.
Labour and Corbyn when Brexit is eventually cancelled.
How the #brexit negotiations would have gone if I’d been in charge...
One word - BREXIT -
Stick it to them JC, We stand with you all the way!! First and foremost a #GeneralElectionNow and none other until after!!
And takes us out of all the key collaborations and institutions we REALLY NEED to be part of to stay up to speed for a future (sciences etc.) all that leaves is blue passports. So dumb!
#newblogpost! Poland – immigration status of UK nationals after Brexit
The Governmenwork for us THE ELECTORATE incase you have forgot,if BREXIT was delayed intentionally times up,we aren’t going away,you TELL THEMwhat we want,if they don’t agree then 29th we are out,if we are in a mess they will be in a bigger one,COUNTRY UNiTE, BAN Blair Clegg etc
You can if Ireland reunites... Obviously it’ll be a different, smaller UK but Brexit comes at any price.
Pointless when 75% of parliament is remain. We need a new centrist pro-brexit party.
No to 2nd Independence referendum but yes to 2nd Brexit one, maybe you should think before you tweet
#Muslim #Brexit #AFD #London Peter Townsend's books. Soon on Audible and Itunes! Get updates at;
Has Westminster considered rock, paper, scissors? #brexit
Beep beep beep. Brexit bad.
In his latest column, writes that "It took centuries for the U.K. to develop into its present form, but it may take less than a decade for it all to fall apart." #ukpoli #brexit
Brexit means lost
Brexit: MP’s, business leaders call for second referendum or article 50 extension
You, dear Lady, are a genius. You must be, because I'm beyond sick of Brexit and I'm crying with laughter. I think I'll delete everyone else from Twitter and just follow you :)
Brexit; risk assess your business members; political, economic, supply chain audit and contract audit/negotiations Log in seach #Brexit
In an ideal world we would have Brexit then all remainers would move to the EU.
Jason Hunter nails #brexit on RT of all places.
OK. Are "black people are not to be trusted; Muslims are not to be trusted" just examples of parents "pulling back" against the far left? You realise that we have had a right wing Government for 10 years? That we voted for Brexit?
Brexit Deal Uncertainty Causing Food Trade Fears via #Brexit
Too good!!
Millions of EU citizens can't access personal records, high court told
Brexit, the Commons and the common good
Gold! You've won Twitter today.
No conservative MP wants to take this on - so they will leave Mrs May to continue to the death if need be. Brexit: Can Parliament take control?
It's factual information. If you wish to challenge it, do some research &amp; share. That's how logical debate works. You could shock some non-Brexiters, by demonstrating intellectual rigor. I'd like to see some facts &amp; projections of where UK will be post Brexit. Are you able?
Can't fault his analysis of the mess we're in, but does anybody else look at Macron and see Rigsby from RISING DAMP if he'd made a bit of an effort?
The brutal truth is that May is heading towards a softer Brexit
I enjoy politics and having debates about the tories but imagine having a go at someone because she doesn’t care and tbh I’m starting to not care about the whole brexit thing cause no one has a fucking clue
To be read by all who are thinking about England and the EU. A semi-Brexit, with just England and Wales leaving the EU, is the solution | Kim Lane Scheppele
What Comes Next for Brexit: U.K. Parliament to Vote on ‘Plan B’
She said so recently herself did she not, that removing yourself from a long standing union was not easy? We all know that living through the nightmare of Brexit., so no thanks Nicola.
Or to put my point more comprehensively... THIS!
Context on the dysfunction in British political culture: no knowledge of Irish history's relevance to UK and little knowledge of imperial mistakes.
Labour are a joke - Gove absolutely shagged Corbyn last night. Corbyn has no credence anymore and should not be leader of Labour, never mind leader of any future government. He wants brexit and will do nothing to stop T.May.
HBO's 'Brexit': James Graham Wrote History in Real Time - The Atlantic
UK PM May reaches out to rivals in Brexit deadlock
Fact is we don’t need to negotiate with EU on anything as part of ‘leave’. We just want a free trade deal and if they won’t agree to that ( which in truth long-term we know they must) then we move to WTO. This isn’t rocket science.
Great to see the #LibDems refusing to support a future #Labour no-confidence vote unless unless #Corbyn (essentially the party) backs a #PeoplesVote. Brexit is bigger than both party politics and individual characters.
What is wrong with Jeremy Corbyn first he refuses a TV debate then refuses to meet with Theresa May to discuss Brexit lib Democrat SNP plaid cymru DUP leaders who all oppose no deal have met with her is it because he has no plan of his own
Arsecockelry
Until the next, and the next one. #TheresaMay running down the clock.
Offensive and utterly stupid
Brexit - does anyone actually give a shit any more?!
Yes - exactly that. I think a brexit disaster would be seen as an advantage so that they come in as saviors.
Brexit has taught it well over 3 years of fight lock-ins. They're all as bad as each other on any side &amp; then put out a broadcast saying "don't be divided, we believe in your future"? Don't bother, I'll help myself to a deal #opendata #smartcities #bigdata #ai
Time to play the #NoDeal card, then take some brexiteers with you to get a proper deal, one with no capitulation. This isn't a sparring match, it's the real thing, put OUR National Interest first - ahead of the the EU. That's what you're paid to do. DO IT
I love a good #Brexit story: Bye bye #AusOpen
INFH UXEYX 170119151529
Makes absolute sense!
The Controlled Demolition of Brexit - #NewWorldNextWeek via
Brexit bad.
It was about German jobs and I responded with an article about the damage Brexit is doing to British jobs. Saying what I said is not relevant to british jobs is false becuase the original post is about German jobs is illogical and wrong. Brexit is harming British jobs.
Hope you don’t mention #brexit to him
Don’t rely on Germany to solve Brexit, it doesn’t need to help Britain | Alan Posenor
One for our hazards students:
May refuses to budge on no deal Brexit as army is called up! Are we officially at war with ourselves yet?! #BrexitShambles #BrexitChaos
Macron possibly nails #Brexit
When your #Brexit is being handled by #Remainers
Time all #Brexit supporting MPs took whatever action is necessary to implement the 2017 Manifesto promise. Don't pivot to the Customs Union, Prime Minister–it could destroy the Conservative Party
The best explaination of #BrexitShambles came on #politicslive today. The problem is the UK negotiated like 27 nations with a #EU of 27 nations that negotiated as one! #brexit #NoConfidence
There’s no deal without a backstop. Europe isn’t moving on that &amp; anyone who thinks they will are delusional. In the event of a no deal Brexit, given the threat that it poses to this island, a border poll would be entirely legitimate.
This is a wonderful Brexit explainer
How the Liberal Democrats’ coalition past endangers their anti-Brexit future
France triggers €50m contingency plan in case of no-deal Brexit
Don't worry about Corbyn, few take him seriously but you are risking a No Brexit if you don't threaten the EU with a No Deal outcome if they won't negotiate better and more openly. They need us! Let's find middle ground!
Opinion | Hold a Second Brexit Referendum - The New York Times
Again, Theresa May survives confidence vote after Brexit humiliation
Ouch!
How about you give your LOYAL Virgin Media customers the same deals as new customers before we even think about Brexit? Clown.
The Controlled Demolition of #Brexit - #NewWorldNextWeek via
More than 170 business leaders join call for second Brexit referendum
I will ..... disband the corrupt racist cult that is the EU and return to a EEC trading block. #BrexitVote #Brexit
Sterling jittery ahead of Brexit vote | ForexTime (FXTM)
Brexit is the failure of political institutions to engage young people in politics #endthechaos
You are aware, Willie, that since WWII *51* countries have taken well-trodden path to Indy from the UK? It’s not rocket science. Brexit, on the other hand, is the first time a developed country has ever tried clearly risky route to exiting EU.
As a group of Labour supporters who voted to leave the CU and SM, why are you refusing to represent our interests #Labour4Leave #Brexit
David Cameron, " I don't regret putting my todger in a pigs mouth or smashing up a restaurant or burning a fifty pound note in front of a homeless man!" "What was the other thing?"
Tell MPs: work cross-party to fix Brexit. Add your name now via
Fair play to them. Yet Scotland voted to remain part of the union that voted to leave. Take away the backstop &amp; overall its a good deal. Brexit &amp; independent Scotland are 2 different issues. Both are in deadlock with no obvious way out. Sick to death of both issues.
As you’d mentioned, nothing to with Brexit...
Since May is unable to get any deal passed, the referendum needs just 2 questions : Remain in the EU or leave without a deal. END OF!
You seem to be a Brexit expert. Can you answer these questions....
Is there anything left of the #brexiteer camp's #brexit 'arguments' that has not been exposed as a bald-faced lie? I truly can't think of anything that any of those sacks of shit have said that stands up to the truth.
There is no recession in Germany and the eclectic quotation of regular economic ups and downs does nothing to ease or relativise the structural Brexit threats to the U.K.
Brexit in the room
They're not "the worst, most divided etc" party out of context. Voters understand that the situation at the moment is uniquely fraught - floating voters most of all. They're unlikely to believe another party can simply be magically brilliant at solving Brexit.
Certainly a very feasible scenario... though British Catholic numbers notably propped up by immigration... so post-Brexit...
Only saying try getting a Remain result in an EU referendum before resorting to an independence referendum, if we get hard brexit then yeah fuck it whatever
Murdo is right. The Church should stay away from politics.
He will take a Commons negotiated Softer Brexit over a Referendum (EU would extend A50). He wont commit until ALL Brexits bar a no-deal Brexit are off the table.
People's Vote: 88% of members want it. Support for any Brexit would damage Labour for 20 years &amp; hand the baton to , dividing the social democratic vote. your last chance. #EndtheMess #BacktotheFuture #Frauderendum16
Brexit latest news: Jeremy Corbyn under fire for refusing talks with Theresa May as PM seeks to break deadlock Cliff's Notes on Corbyn: He's communist...
I could say this Govt is a Kafkaesque Orwellian Black Mirror nightmare, but I don't like soundbites. please drop the red lines, and get round the table at the same time with and hammer it out. #Brexit
That taxi driver has made my day
Brexit: MPs to debate and vote on Brexit 'plan B' options on Tuesday 29 January - Politics live
'Order!' Why Europeans are turning to John Bercow for light relief in Brexit chaos – video
"Respect for democracy contingent on the outcome I want."
Anyone would think the fibdems are lying about wanting to stop brexit.
A fizzing oped: Brexit an act of 'moral dereliction' by the country's rulers on par with Britain's calamitous exit from its Indian Empire in 1947 - both part of 'a pattern of egotistic + destructive behavior by the British elite' argues Pankaj Mishra
Jeremy Cliffe on Twitter
OR, the Lib Dems need to get Remainers to feel more strongly about Brexit and less strongly about the Coalition, while simultaneously making them feel less well-disposed towards Labour.
Oh well, that's the end of that then, I guess. it was nice to solve Brexit for about five minutes
New Brexit Referendum Not Re-Run Of 2016 – Corbyn Says
#PeoplesVote #Brexit Nadine needs to leave her brain to science ,so they can study it for the existence of brain cells.
Beyond tired of Brexit. Until there's a deal I don't want to hear a word about it. So Britain wants to leave the single market, like who doesn't hun?!
Business groups respond to outcome of vote on Brexit deal
Macron laying it down - love him
Thanks, for highlighting this superb piece of searing insight (and impressive analysis) about attitudes held by the British Ruling Class. And agreed: The colonised always know (and understand) the colonisers better than the colonisers know themselves.
NEW: 'I'm bored of #Brexit. Everyone's bored of Brexit... But it doesn't the alter the fact we've got to take a decision.' Tony Blair's reaction to some of his ex-constituents in the North East being bored of news of our departure from the EU: 2/3
May fights to find cross-party Brexit plan after confidence vote #news #things #dailymail #feed
I don't blame you wanting away from all the Brexit mess. If yous get independence, can I move to Scotland? I'm nearly there, I live in Newcastle.
Beep beep beep. Brexit bad.
My favourite Brexit advocate, always straightforward and down-to-earth.
With both the UK and EU making no-deal contingency plans, it’s time for businesses to do the same. Here’s a taste of what we can expect in the event of a ‘hard Brexit’: #brexit #contingencyplanning
Um, what new Brexit plan?
I have talked to many Germans who are massively frustrated with Brexit/talks; zero who have not understood how this changes the balance (economically, in terms of defense, socially, every way) of the alliance in negative ways, short and long term.
Partner David Hansom provides an overview of issues worth considering for businesses preparing for a potential no-deal #Brexit outcome. Read more here:
Sorry but people who wanted out of EU because of rules and laws are in minority, you being one of them. Majority just didn’t like foreigners so they thought Brexit would help.
Would a Brexit deal bring a bounce for unloved UK shares?
No for Brexit Deal, Yes for May. And What for Gold? $FXB $GLD
And you negotiate a good deal with the EU (whilst refusing the possibility of walking away) how? Nonsense suggestion. Labour leaderships actions are just guaranteeing a no deal brexit - but hey ho you'll be able to blame the Tories.
Corbyn Says Referendum an Option as He Snubs May: Brexit Update
Somebody please put blubber faced wee Willie back in his Xenophobic colonial box
Millions of EU citizens can't access personal records, high court told
Hi Dene. I voted Leave and I haven't taken up a militant banner warcry like others (on both sides). Mark my words, Brexit won't be happening. May will see to that. I'm fed up of the whole thing now.
The current toing and froing is pointless. We voted to leave the EU and were promised it would happen. Every single semi-sentient person- and that includes, even, our MPs- knows that staying in the Single Market and the Customs Union does not equal Brexit. It equals epic failure.
Bollocks. Soft, hard - brexit is bad for the country. We need a 2nd referendum
Blame the 27% that voted for Brexit....they created this mess
Hold a damn vote!
. argues that Labour's pursuit of power will give the upper hand to those supporting a #PeoplesVote. Let's hope that he's right. And let's not relent from piling on the pressure. #Brexit
Cock
Tory minister shows notes predicting 'No food' after no-deal Brexit via
EU should not waste one more minute of their time in , they should ask to leave on and rescue their economy.
Would be wonderful if they DO revoke. Cannot see it unless May is FORCED to by Parl though. Then it is binding.
UPDATE 2-UK in deadlock over Brexit 'Plan B' as May and Corbyn double down #news #reuters
“I’m happy to meet other party leaders and listen to their ideas. And as long as they tell me everything I want to hear, I’ll be happy to co-operate with them”
Yeah, no one knows what the public actually wants from this process so both major parties are running down the clock in hopes the other will blink, but the more time they waste the more likely we are to be left with the 2 most potentially damaging options. No Deal or No Brexit.
Brexit has convinced me independence is needed, allow us to control our own destiny. Your lack of flexibility to even consider it as an alternative to the current shit show we have is disappointing.
BBCNEWS 6:14am BREXIT TALKS. PM wants talks held in “constructive spirit“ BREXIT TALKS. Parliament sits forjust 37 days...
I've beaten you to it, I'm afraid
Not impressed with the new version of Reservoir Dogs #Brexit #BrexitTalks #BrexitVote
They didn’t lie, they made predictions. Leave deliberately lied about known existing facts. And we’re not doing better at all, we’re doing worse. Over 200k jobs lost due to Brexit already, £ lost value, £1tn left country. And we haven’t even left yet.
Why a ‘no deal' Brexit increases risks to the environment: Green Alliance | More w/ Eco-Search:
To heal the divides post-#Brexit, the church needs to be at the forefront of changing the tone of the debate; more of us need to be visionaries in tackling social ills - has been speaking to me for
Thursday US briefing: Britain in Brexit deadlock as May clings on
ref called. Watching the Tom Watson Speech, he summed up so many peoples feelings on both sides. She is now wilfully tone deaf, Brexit is dead too, she just can't admit it.
Tony Blair joins attack on Corbyn for REFUSING to hold Brexit talks If #blair was involved, he would have sold out to the highest bidder years ago, whilst i dislike moronic marxists like corbyn, at least they are consistent not #liar and #cheat
May government faces no-confidence vote after Brexit defeat
In the elites quixotic quest to restore England’s greatness and relevance, May will ride the 51.9%, non binding, simplistic Brexit referendum over the cliff into an uncertain future where the end of England’s last empire is a real and growing possibility.
Conociendo “BREXIT” con Benedict Cumberbatch
Pound quivers ahead of Brexit “meaningful vote” | ForexTime (FXTM)
Sadiq Khan: TfL working with airports to plan for no-deal Brexit via
I liked a video The Controlled Demolition of Brexit - #NewWorldNextWeek
What positive outcome can she achieve during the next two months, literally nothing. But to save her rule and satisfy her lust for power, she could go along the disastrous and suicidal route of NO DEAL Brexit. (2/2)
Everyone knows that he didn't pay for the flight. He can probably afford to, but he's friends with wealthy backers who will do very well out of Brexit. He'll never tell us who paid for it though. Could have been Banks, could have been Trump. What is for sure though it wasn't him.
If the proposed Brexit is what the people want, it will win. If the people do not want it, we should not do it. That is the democratic position. People have the right to change their mind, especially as the deals proposed look very different to Brexit: the Movie.
This is not the worst idea I've ever heard....
Farage says ‘you couldn’t make it up’ . But that’s exactly what Brexitnuts &amp; Vote Leave did!! #StopBrexit
There are huge trust issues around Gove and that for me does not make him a leader. His stance on Brexit and his backstabbing oh Boris in particular but Brexit as a whole has been disgusting, I can't like someone I can't have trust in, for me, good speech but never a leader
Brilliant postcolonial lesson on the 'masters of disaster' i.e. the British ruling class.
After the failure of "meaningful vote" 1 the next vote on #Brexit is on the 29 January. Is it going to be "this time with feeling" or "an even more meaningful vote" ?
"Just get on with it" is the most thoughtless of all the thoughtless and meaningless lines of Brexit that's what I think John.
Is May moving the shouting match to No 10, so as to try &amp; hide the disgusting brawl the yobs have turned Brexit into? The silly children need to stop bickering &amp; deliver the full Brexit that people voted for They're our representatives, not masters They're opinions are irrelevant
Video: Barnier destroys claim Corbyn can't renegotiate Brexit - "EU immediately ready" via
Fun times..
did you even think about what you just tweeted? Seems you're only against second referendums if they're not the referendum you want, hypocrisy at it's worst. Brexit is about UK leaving a union of 28, so 27 others to negotiate with, Independence is a 1 on 1.
HMMMMMMMMMMMMMM... The brutal truth is that May is heading towards a softer Brexit | The Spectator
Listen to the public Theresa that employ you not your MPs.
Is UK property heading for a post-Brexit meltdown? To help us predict the future, the FT has looked to the past, asking experts to compare previous housing crashes
Pollard's main evidence for Corbyn wanting a no deal Brexit, for example, is threefold: firstly, he must do because he's saying precisely the opposite; secondly, he, Pollard, has unnamed sources in Lab that have told him so and, thirdly, some quotes from Lenin. Risible. Pathetic.
LISBON-EU'S BARNIER SAYS BREXIT AGREEMENT NEGOTIATED WITH THERESA MAY GOVT IS BEST POSSIBLE
Petition: Brexit re article 50 it must not be suspended/stopped under any circumstances
Brexit: Jeremy Corbyn insta Theresa May a abandonar &amp;quot;linhas vermelhas&amp;quot;
Don't blame them not responding to strawmen arguments of obstruction, when Tories have never been in a position to deliver Brexit.
Our CEO wrote a column for on the Hidden Opportunity Behind Brand #Brexit. She believes "behind the political bluster, there’s a huge opportunity for businesses to steal the high ground in 2019" Have a read!
Beep beep beep. Brexit bad.
INFH UXEYX 170119151621
After Parliament rejected Theresa May’s proposed Brexit deal, the pharmaceutical industry has warned that a no-deal Brexit poses “tangible and immediate threats” to patient safety and public health.
Willie Rennie would rather be subjected to Tory misrule than fight for a better Scotland. Explains his party position in the polls of Scotland.
the fact that Corbyn is still seen as a game changer on Brexit, is the most pathetic aspect of the remain campaign
What people forget is most folk just don't trust politics at all anymore, not just on brexit.
#HandsOff my Uncle Luigi, cousins Simone + Elisa (latter two of which have a much better geordie accent than me, living here for decades). Also let's not forget where Brexit also affects my Uncle Keith + Aunt Franca in Belgium.
I see what you're saying. May called an election to get a bigger majority to prove to the EU that brexit would pass any parliamentary obstacles. The real question is whether Corbyn would have faired better in 2017 if he hadn't seemed so keen to support Brexit post referendum.
I don't know where you find your stamina… I'm just very grateful that you do! #DissolveTheUnion #BringThemHome
a Brexit crises?
UK politics is only in a mess because of globalists like you. And it's not anything like as bad as France, Italy etc also caused by your ilk...
Snap poll conducted in the wake of the crushing defeat of Theresa May’s Brexit plan found a 12-point lead for remaining in the EU - the largest margin since the 2016 referendum
True
Britain deserves Brexit
How the mighty are fallen.
A QC undermining not only the settled electoral system of the Scottish parliament but the mechanism by which her party is propped up in that parliament. Oh. And that that poll isn't a poll and isn't representative of public opinion. A QC should behave better than this
THE WILL OF THE PEOPLE MUST BE RESPECTED! #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote
Reservoir Hogs #brexit #indyref2 #BrexitShambles #BrexitVote #PeoplesVote #NoConfidenceMotion #BrexitChaos
Couldn’t agree more Paul, Brexit Britain is about xenophobia and economic nationalism, always was. Can’t believe Labour don’t recognise this and speak out against it.
Number one priority of any new anti Brexit campaign is to prohibit the participation of 90% of everyone who wants to join in
'No Deal' cannot be ruled out without saying what would happen in the absence of any other type of deal. The only thing that could be assured would be 'revoke Brexit'. That would allow Remainers to let the clock run down. She won't do that
This would respect the referendum result
Brexit is about our departure from the EU, not one foot out the door. I welcome a no deal Brexit if a reasonable deal remains off the table. A second vote is a terrible move, for it signals an embarassing retreat, due by and large by ineffective leadership.
The Dutch are bricking themselves. The Irish have already gone to Brussels begging for emergency financial aid A clean Brexit is the only Brexit.
Willing to talk but not listen #Brexit
Is May moving the shouting match to No 10, so as to try &amp; hide the disgusting brawl the yobs have turned Brexit into? The silly children need to stop bickering &amp; deliver the full Brexit that people voted for They're our representatives, not masters They're opinions are irrelevant
Troubling thought: The shutdown is a distraction. Relieve Russian sanctions, wait for a Brexit disaster, withdraw from NATO = Trump's real agenda. Notice that this aligns perfectly with Putin's objectives. Trump may get his Moscow Tower. Republicans? Anybody home? MAGA ???
#Brexit Brilliant !
It never was just a “project of the right”. The far left also want Brexit, they always have. To think it was just a right wing dream is utterly ridiculous.
You're getting worried then are you? You'll be ok. I'm sure there're creepier leavers than you! It's a pretty crowded field really! #PeoplesVote #Brexit
no body figured out how you get 318 freeloading creeps in order in the &amp; keep you as the PM tell them you give them a NO #brexit &amp; a general election ? because many know under principle of criminal english law some couldn't restand lawfully ?
#newblogpost! Poland – immigration status of UK nationals after Brexit
Staunch Welsh Remainer, 73, says he'll be 'the talk of the bowls club' after heated Brexit TV row #Brexit
the facts are, Gloria, that if you do support Corbyn’s Brexit stance which includes retaining FOM and still being suffocated by the EU’s customs union, then I’m afraid your seat of Ashfield will undoubtedly vote you out. I’m sure you already know this. Regards.
The only way to rule out no deal is to abort abort abort #Brexit
Somehow the fact that your Virgin Care company was prepared to sue the NHS when you didn't win a NHS contract leads me to suspect that your motivation isn't the UKs best interests but your bottom line!
Well fair enough - avoid emotive terms as corrupt and money wasting lest you want me to dig out what was said about Corus mgt. The EU employs fewer people than Glasgow and is good value . Human soc. is based on cooperation we both lose w/ Brexit. Take care.
Talks cost nothing. Why shy away from that by setting a meaningless pre-condition when parliament can set that red line clear anyway. If Labour MPs follow their leader, parliament can reject No Deal even if only a handful of Tories join them.
The first and most important lesson of Brexit is that the British government cannot be trusted to run the hot tap. If Willie Rennie really had Scotland's best interests at heart, he would stand full-square behind independence. #Brexit #FMQs
2nd referendum or delay to Article 50 would be UNDEMOCRATIC and UNACCEPTABLE -GO WTO BREXIT NOW!
Contingency military planning for no deal Brexit. As we all know it is traditional for contingency military planning to be arranged for a massive upturn in the economy and increased sovereignty.
#Corbyn had no preconditions when talking to #Hamas and other terrorist groups but does before trying to assist UK plc re #Brexit. His orders of priorities are not ours, or many #Labour MP’s.
This is part of their "no-deal" Brexit plans
A 'NO Deal Brexit' is the only deal that we will accept! Nothing else will be acceptable! LEAVE MEANS LEAVE!
Over in the EU. This is what the Brexit man says
Thread:
It has been over 50 years since the first Consumer Electronics Show (CES) took place in New York, with some of the most iconic technology products being first introduced to the general public. #technology #ConsumerElectronicsShow #GDPR #Brexit
Brexit: May again betrays England. Her NI scaring plan wil...
A mess which he helped lay the foundations for
and one from the non-Remainer DAG
I think a bit of both - she nailed her colours to the mast as home Sec with her hostile environment and #Brexit has allowed her free reign to feed the xenophobes and racists. I couldn’t despise a politician more than I do for the damage she has done to the Uk
Finally Measures should have come sooner Proactive measures are what's needed to tackle hate &amp; violent extremism Violent far-right extremists will attempt to further hijack the political resentment &amp; alienation around #Brexit, Muslims &amp; minorities their targets
Speaking as one of those voters - it really, really doesn't! #DamageDone
Project Reality.
And what if the jobs that will be lost when existing businesses go? Have you even considered asking local hotels about their occupancy rates over the last few years? What about the existing cinema. Have you factored in the government’s figures on Brexit?
O'Brien on Brexit, that name will last you a good decade at least!
Pound roars back to life on Brexit delay reports | ForexTime (FXTM)
EU’s Barnier: Brexit Agreement Negotiated With UK PM May Is Best Possible – RTRS
Thank you!!!! Yes!!!
May now seeking consensus? Not likely. This fatuous woman should have listened to the likes of her Brexit ministers rather than the snakeoil salesam Oilly Robbins. #LetsGoWTO #WTOBrexit
How can a labour leader even think of being seen to support that group of thoroughly wicked creeps???
I was unsure about a referendum as a solution to Brexit. Now I see it as a final sign off after the political compromise, I'm completely for it. It's the only way you'll be able to unite the whole country behind Brexit and the only way you'll achieve a sustainable Brexit.
Some Brexit decision by #therasamay or other might, 'put the party into flames'. I don't give a flying cr!p about any party, this is far bigger than that. Get some responsibility for your post.
This is what the internet was built for…!
The man illegally started a WAR to line his own pocket devastating an entire region BuT hE hAs gOoD vIeWs oN bRexit
What could a no-deal #Brexit actually mean for YOU? via
So the Liberals won't work with Labour unless they commit to a second referendum. Labour won't talk to the Tories unless they rule out a no deal. The Tories won't talk to Labour unless they "put self interest aside". #Brexicanstandoff #brexit #BrexitShambles
Christ I'm bored of Brexit, but I will say that Jeremy Corbyn is a petulant cock end
Tell me, *how* would "Brexit be dead" already? Or *how* he'd already be PM? He doesn't acquire magical powers just because he adopts the stances you want...
Disgusting comment from an imbecile thank heavens for my son and a lot of his mates in their 20s voting Brexit
Is May moving the shouting match to No 10, so as to try &amp; hide the disgusting brawl the yobs have turned Brexit into? The silly children need to stop bickering &amp; deliver the full Brexit that people voted for They're our representatives, not masters They're opinions are irrelevant
The best thing to do, the thing that is most in the national interest, is to abandon the plans for Brexit. Revoke article 50. (You do remember, that referendum was only advisory anyway? You didn’t *have* to act on it.) Please. Do what’s right.
Yikes . . . Is there enough time to toss the Tories out of Gov, then negotiate an agreement with the EU before the #Brexit Leave deadline?
yes - outshines all other brexit vox pops this century
When we fall off the cliff of a no deal brexit, I and many 1000s will hold Corbyn and this Labour Party just as culpable as the Tories. Corbyn does not have the country’s best interests at heart he is just obsessed with gaining power.
It's almost as if Labour have no chance of actually getting a brexit deal at all (who would've thunk it?)
What’s this rubbish you keep coming out with about not supporting no confidence motions in the government the deal was rejected, we all know you’d love to jump back into bed with the Tories Vince but Brexit is abut more important than sucking up to Theresa
UK gov must admit they lied to sell Brexit.
She seems to have spent 2 and a half years ignoring other parties, resulting in an enormous defeat. However, Corbyn hadn't met her within 2 and a half hours and suddenly the problems with brexit seem to be his fault?
'A human tragedy and a political scandal' - the words of Munich's today about #Brexit #citizensrights for and We agree with - nothing prevents and ring fencing our rights now
"We voted in 2016 on make-believe shamelessly peddled by the likes of the former foreign secretary Boris Johnson...It’s worth voting on the facts, not some post-truth phantasmagoria, of a British exit"
‘No Deal’ on Brexit Is the Best Deal for Britain and the United States via
Macron, protecting the horrible deal five ways. NONE good. #macronisaglobalistshill #macronisatraitor #macronisaliar
May doesn’t seem to understand that her ”principles” of arrogance, divisiveness, myopia, provocation, ineptitude, partisanship and mediocrity, are the cause of the crisis she has created; if she refuses to change, Parliament must take power from her.
Roll on no deal and hard brexit then. Good luck everyone.
Here is a clear message for
A class of preschool children could have organised a better Brexit than the Tories. All he needed to do was decisively announced a half realistic Brexit plan, or better still, a withdrawal and he would have walked the GE. Even now they have no plan of action and couldn't 2/
He's not meeting her because he does not want to sit in front of someone lecturing him about brexit. At the same time, he does not have a clear position himself. Sad times when leaders show no leadership.
Herald Scots poll 72.32% felt Brexit should not now go ahead, while 66.17% did not feel it should even be renegotiated. A majority (56.55%) think Scotland should have a vote on whether to remain within the United Kingdom if Britain leaves the EU on March 29 with no deal.
The latest Small Business Focus! Thanks to #brexit #bshelpline
NI need a border poll &amp; Scotland #indyref2 Westminster isn't acting in best interest of either! #Brexit
most small/medium size companies would disagee with that.. wait till medical supplies become subject to vat tariffs within the EU single market #vatmoss expansion.. only thing holding that back is Brexit.. if it comes into effect, we can discuss the illusion of frictionless trade
This is racist: “Your stupid drum parades every year do more harm than anything I post..” They’re not *my* drum parades You’re clearly incapable of seeing the harm you do on any level Including the harm #Brexit does to the #GFA
Hello, welcome to the arse castle, ignore the brexit mess going on, can I offer you some sodomy?
And lose all leverage?thank Christ you weren’t in charge of Brexit! #clueless
I'm aware this is privileged thing to contemplate, but, I want a Brexit Holiday! Is there anywhere in this godforsaken world were: A.) I don't have to hear abt Brexit? B.) I won't get ridiculed as a British citizen for coming from one of the most idiotic countries in the world?
May will stick to Brexit 'principles' in cross-party talks, says No 10 via
A nice happy reminder in this brexit news that the porn age verification regulations and IP blocks that May's government passed two years ago will happen this year
Euro and Sterling movement after the Parliament Brexit vote - A Professional Signals Service =&gt;
No for Brexit Deal, Yes for May. And What for Gold? - A Professional Signals Service =&gt;
Wealthy Europeans are calling in the movers as the increasing likelihood of a no-deal Brexit looms via
Lord Empey: Dublin has failed to work with London on Brexit and is over reaching, as it has done in the past – Belfast Newsletter
After Brexit: Global Britain Plots Course to Return to the Far East
To be fair to , he's not the smartest cookie in the #Brexit tin.
Unfortunately due to the weather and bob not having enough funds for his snow plough the game tonight has been called off. So the fans will have to wait for another week until brexit football returns with Mole and Parvin showing how real English football is played. TaTa
Statements outside No 10 should be about the national interest; nothing the PM said remotely touched on this or enlightened us as to what was happening about #Brexit. It was political point scoring. I should have stuck with the football on BBC 1.
July could be the latest Brussels is willing to go
This is horrendous even for Polly. "the will of dead" is a constant legacy of democracy as a fair amount of decisions I don't support were voted for by the electorate in previous decades, I can live with that. Also 24% of 18-24s voted for Brexit, so my point is, get over it.
Corbyn is a joke, I can’t believe people backed him with that stupid chant that went about. He’s a joke and the Labour Party is a joke. Everyone blames the cons for everything bad with the nation but fail to admit the flaws of the Lab Gov and it’s not just a couple.
I have listened to long too the anti- Brexit propaganda. It was my right to vote the way I did as is yours. I do not agree to a 2nd ref when the 1st hasn’t even been carried out. I realise the division so what I am suggesting gives you what you want &amp; I have always respected a GE
But the innovative cheeses come AFTER Brexit, don’t they?
Apparently hypocrisy is allowed for remain.
The old adage: Govt Policy is Govt Policy, until it isn't #Brexit
This is totally expected from Theresa May’s vicious idiotic government, this is the hostile environment in action.
a remainers party at 70 Whitehall deciding how to stop Brexit
Plain wrong Willie but that's never stopped you before. Can't you see the hypocrisy in demanding support your calls for a 2nd brexit vote yet, a mandated #indyref2 is somehow wrong. You'll pay a heavy price for this although I'm not sure how much lower you can sink?
Thread.
If we were in the same position as Germany with a huge goods trade surplus I would see the consequences of leaving without a deal, but we are in the opposite position and have a huge goods trade deficit. We then will not be able to CRASH out, it's impossible.
Does pro #Brexit sentiment have something to do with this? I'm just trying to understand. Seems like a long time to hold a grudge.
BBCNEWS 6:15am BREXIT TALKS. PM met Lib Dems. SNP and Plaid Cymru last night; I BREXIT TALKS. Labour leadev did not attend talks with...
If Corbyn signs up to reversing Brexit, he's toast. Simple. Clear as day
How timely. Rosslare STILL does not have the support infrastructure to have this role, even as #brexit looms. Why expanding roadways to/from the port were not prioritised immediately after article 50 is beyond me. Two-lane country roads for *dozens of miles* before a motorway
Not at all, we know that vote leave broke electoral law and lied to win the referendum, with knowing what brexit means now it is only right to ask the public again, if they say leave we leave, it's too big a decision to be based on one vote full of lies.
Recent poll suggests Remain would win easily in 2nd Referendum 56% vs 44%;why waste anymore time debating this, let the people decide! We’ve all had enough defensive Behavior by politicians,the will of the ppl has changed!
I have to wonder why is talking to cross parties, all are remoaners, or is it that if a soft Brexit occurs, she will say say, blame us all
This. God, it’s depressing how shit Corbyn is, and how the idea of party-as-democratic-collective has been entirely destroyed by his cult of personality. Surely we’ve learnt by now that having one person in charge with no checks or balances is fucking bad idea?
Absolutely love it, viv la brexit
Brexit never had to look like this, with nation split down middle she chose to sideline the losers utterly, had she tried to build a consensus for what was ahead, not now... 2 years ago. We might not have ended up in this absurd nightmare that is now in evidence.
Can anyone explain to me how Jeremy Corbyn's idea taking a no deal Brexit of the table will help us get a deal with the EU. How can you enter negotiations hoping to get a good result when the EU know that what ever they offer you you won't leave i just think it's gross stupidity
Well they had better start begging us to help them out then rather than the last two years of saying how shit our country will go
Just heard on the news that is refusing to meet with . Maybe he should grow up and start doing the job he's paid to do instead of having a tantrum that yet again he hasn't got his own way!! #Brexit #brexitdebate #wedontwantanothergeneralelection
If Brexit goes through, we should riot.
Except he’s proposing BRINO with what looks like a unicorn say?!? I don’t pretend to understand the tactics but either he wants Brexit on a Tory watch or, more likely, its cancellation on the Tory watch. OTOH, he could still lead Remain rescuing at least some kudos.
When Brexit is so bad, a wandering black hole actually seems like a viable alternative for the future...
Brexit warning to Canadians that manufacturing political division has economic consequences: Don Pittis | CBC News
Waddle across the floor - cut down on your expenses
"More ugly historical ironies may yet waylay Britain on its treacherous road to Brexit. But it is safe to say that a long-cossetted British ruling class has finally come to the end of itself as it was."
Compositing is always a compromise. Not all the motions on Brexit were supportive of a #PeoplesVote and the resulting conference motion reflected this. Even now, at least among active members in Hackney Labour, we don't agree on this.
Interesting 'solution' to Brexit here
Was it prep for no-deal Brexit when food supplies are threatened?! I can't comment politely on the Brexit mess, so ...
Interesting stat: On Saturday enough old leavers will have died and enough young remainers will have come on to the electoral register to change the #Brexit referendum result (even if we all voted the same way again).
Jockholm Syndrome Wullie.....stay &amp; learn to love your abuser
Not true. We just don't see how any form of brexit won't damage the economy, especially since freedom of movement for capital raises such a large % of revenue &amp; can't be separated from other freedoms.
Grow up Paul you dry lunch trying to argue about Brexit on a fucking social media account when it’s got fuck all to do with you. And don’t try and get lemon to the Guru ever again as you’ll get found out. HG
Well said hear hear
Dear peeps, Norway has ruled OUT a Norway + deal for the UK. (and can you really blame them). So can we please stop pretending like this is an option.
In the arenas of #deliberativedemocracy no new invention. But interesting that #citizensassemblies are now suggested as way out of the Brexit deadlock. Power to the people – could a citizens’ assembly solve the Brexit crisis?
Don’t rely on Germany to solve Brexit, it doesn’t need to help Britain
I think parliament don't want brexit because it ruins their eu army idea ,
Citizen's Assembly here in Ireland was only ever a precursor to referendum anyway. Essentially, it was a way for politicians to delay that inevitability and simultaneously defer responsibility for it. Cowardly in other words. Of course, we had the time to waste on it. You don't.
please don't let Brexit distract from attending this VITAL debate. It has taken so long to get here and our lives are in your hands. Thank you so much for fighting for us like no one else has xx #Pwme #MyalgicE #MECFS
The GBP/USD pair regaining its positions after Brexit volatility
I liked a video The Controlled Demolition of Brexit - #NewWorldNextWeek
Can you please eleborate 'something'... Are you capable to articulate your policies re Brexit or not?
I don’t think he could find the toilet
This is shocking - Tories have ordered a call-up of reservists under a law that allows it "in time of disaster or apprehended disaster". That's what the Tories themselves are now saying No Deal is, whilst refusing to take it off the table. Share this and let people know!
Tax avoidance=TaxPayers' Alliance!.....#bbcnews #skynews #c4news #brexit
“There is no mandate for Brexit anymore. It’s gone”.
While we were blithering about Brexit, the Tories were punishing the poor - AGAIN via
It's not a crisis. It's simple really. We leave with a clear Brexit. TM sees it as a crisis because she doesn't really want to leave &amp; is trying desperately to delay &amp; frustrate the process. I've voted Conservative for 42yrs. If we don't get a clean Brexit I'll vote elsewhere.
what because of the tariffs on goods that Brexit will cause? Or because of the uncertainty about the value of the pound that Brexit has caused? Or because of the uncertainty about skilled immigrants leaving the country because of Brexit? Brexit is out and out stupid.
yup. high speed trains. becoming the norm everywhere else (but we've got #Brexit yay)
Government agree system for passenger exchange in Euro Tunnel after no deal Brexit!
Why did nobody think of this sooner?
Corbyn stated today that he will defy lab members policy on peoplesvote and wants to work with May on delivering brexit
Tory MP pledges second referendum amendment to May's Brexit plan
Have i missed something... Didn't we have a people's vote in 2016... It was called the Brexit referendum. I didn't like the outcome but I don't like the idea of a second referendum even more!!!!!!! Just bloody get on with it!!!
HMQ always careful about what she says/ wears but 2 photos, one taken not long after 2016 Refer, the other shortly after the People's Vote campaign launch, imply she's nailed her colours to Remain: "One has had enough of this Brexit nonsense. One is taking One's country back."
Check out the vile tweet from Toynbee talking about the Brexit of the dead. Vile stupid woman
They're trying to get rid of the GE option because they don't want a Labour government, not because they don't want Brexit. GE is the *only current viable option* to prevent no-deal Brexit. That's all there is to it, unless A50 extension is sought and granted, which it won't be
Is May moving the shouting match to No 10, so as to try &amp; hide the disgusting brawl the yobs have turned Brexit into? The silly children need to stop bickering &amp; deliver the full Brexit that people voted for They're our representatives, not masters They're opinions are irrelevant
I expect May scuppered it to get to a point where Brexit will be cancelled. Eventually, 50 to 100 years from now the UK will regret not leaving but Govt will imure the nation in it. It's a pathetic time wasting mess that's divided the nation.
What positive outcome can she achieve during the next two months, literally nothing. But to save her rule and satisfy her lust for power, she could go along the disastrous and suicidal route of NO DEAL Brexit. (2/2)
Well its not though. Swiss deal minus AFPM with e customs &amp; EORA processes to mitigate border issues Some non border located controls needed but no physical barriers. BRINO is just a way to pretend Brexit happened without the ability to make trade deals.
A Remainer out to sabotage and destroy the Democratic Referendum result - about time he was replaced !
Why is brexit being blamed for the housing slump its rubbish first time buyers need between £20, 000 to £50,000 for a deposit how many young people have that much in their banks? Nothing to do with Brexit it seems everything is going to be blamed on Brexit.
Yes and let that cladding company sort out Grenfell while we're at it.
Why has this man not been sacked. He fights the referendum result and the party manifesto on which he was elected on. For a supposed democrat he appears to be totally undemocratic.
May will stick to Brexit 'principles' in cross-party talks, says No 10
The UK government has published a draft statutory instrument (SI) to create a UK version of REACH in the event of the UK leaving the EU without a deal on 29 March. #REACH #chemicalindustry #brexit #DEFRA #hse #nodealbrexit
That's talking isn't it?
Maybe Bercow should get us the deal on Brexit
So good....ORDER!
Janey is the hero we need right now.
At the end of that report is this very stark message. Fringe extremist elements are trying to threaten our MPs into silence about the real threats to our shared future. #ThisIsBrexit Are you OK with this? Brexit without FinalSay isn't democracy, it's tyranny #MakeItStop #EURef2
Pal, you've spent the last I don't know how long refusing to accept Labour has a Brexit policy. You are bad faith incarnate.
Corbyn doesn’t want to engage in Brexit discussion unless ‘No Deal’ is taken off the agenda. ‘No Deal’ is UKs strongest negotiation point with the EU What a pathetically weak negotiating position the opposition would have under Corbyn how can anyone take him seriously.
Cover just out
I added a video to a playlist The Controlled Demolition of Brexit - #NewWorldNextWeek
MUST WATCH. BUT,,,, just try and forget that the whole world is laughing at us #Brits who bought the #Brexit lies of #Farage #Banks #Mercer. #Youngpeople, some of us olderfolk now look to you to save us from this chaos!
Pretty big difference. On was answering questions while being asked and was running London pretty well. The other, well, London is a mess and he is spending funds to put on anti brexit displays.
To "rule out a No-Deal Brexit" without committing to either the Deal or revocation is to rule out smashing to the ground if you jump off a tall building Yes, something may well stop the fall (like that spaceship in Life of Brian), but you really cannot count on it.
Corbyn has done nothing to fuck this country up. He is not in a position to. Sadly the thick electorate (which voted for Brexit) does not understand this because the Tory papers say it's true
previously having only really been aware of them as a brand for their ~accidental sex toy~ this move towards a nuclear climax before being cockblocked by brexit strikes me as a natural progression
To be fair the leave campaign is famous for consistently saying “the easiest deal in history” throughout. It’s a fallacy to say they were campaigning on a no deal Brexit. Go back and check some leave campaign videos on YouTube if you don’t believe me.
Opinion | The Malign Incompetence of the British Ruling Class
Is UK property heading for a post-Brexit meltdown? To help us predict the future, the FT has looked to the past, asking experts to compare previous housing crashes
France is set to invest $50 million to help ports and airports survive a potential no-deal Brexit.
He was blaming brexit for cancellation of Nuclear plant Building in Anglesey by Hitachi .....then his invited guest told him it was due to cost implications and he didn’t bother to correct himself....just let it run ,if you will.
General election if they takeaway no deals Brexit!
To heal the divides post-#Brexit, the church needs to be at the forefront of changing the tone of the debate; more of us need to be visionaries in tackling social ills - has been speaking to me for &amp; he heartily commends the work of Christians on the Left.
Just plain ignorant. Offensive, disrespectful &amp; stupid
Brexit - La mission impossible de Theresa May
OMG! This woman can’t ACCEPT REALITY. BREXIT IS A DEAD HORSE. WHAT AN EGOMANIAC
Tell MPs: work cross-party to fix Brexit. Add your name now via
There are of course few things we can say in life with 100% however psni have legitimate concerns that dissidents will look at this as an excuse. I can say that it won't happen if Brexit is cancelled, or if the good Friday agreement is respected.
Brexit - well procedurally its all about that GE so is the PV etc Thats ok. But he can mix up if he wants. Not emphasis the GE as much but other aspects like the Peoples Vote - so say - at least introduce the narrative of a PV on his deal should he get into power.
The latest The Daily Universe! #brexit
Is it considered passé to use the phrase "Delete your account"?
And Manchester. And Liverpool....
Brexit is Project Fraud.
A four nation lock is the only valid way to enact a constitutional change on the scale of #Brexit. Without one the claim that the UK is a partnership of equals is simply laughable. It shows nothing but contempt for the nations beyond England. #Indyref
Germany has every thing to lose unlike us. Germany is in the shit &amp; technically in recession. We're needed more than we need the #EU - #Brexit now on #WTO
The Guardian: France triggers €50m contingency plan in case of no-deal Brexit. via
This is a smoke screen to deflect attention from his domestic issues with the yellow jackets. With such behaviour towards a neighbour and ‘friend’ no wonder we want to leave.
Times change, people find out the promises that won those votes can't be delivered and there isn't even a democratic mandate for Brexit that respects electoral law.
turned off last night, can't stomach more of #Brexit #justsaying
In anticipation of #Brexit, the #DOC has published steps it expects to be taken by businesses that rely on Privacy Shield to transfer personal data from the UK to the U.S.
Cant ignore that swing
Emmanuel Macron’s summation of Brexit: ‘The British people were sold a lie’ via
Why? Irish passport holders aren't effected by brexit when it comes to travel to Scotland (UK)
Booking a holiday today, leave on 26th March to come back on the 5th April....great timing. I'll be celebrating leaving the EU in a European country. #brexit #StandUp4Brexit #WTOBrexit #LetsGoWTO
If the DUP changed position, we would join in but, from our point of view, Corbyn is using a series a failed confidence motions to avoid looking at a people vote. I'm sure you think it's a cunning strategy to get a Labour government and the brexit damage is worth it. We disagree.
France is standing at the abyss and this deluded clown who likes to be sandwiched by Blacks passes judgment on #brexit. #MacronDestitution
Getting excited now Nicola , Please don't let us down .
Good to see at least one Tory willing to call out publically #DUP for what they are. Wish more showed his intelligence
Brexit deadlock: May pandering to 'sectarian protestant DUP' blasts Tory grandee Ken Clarke
Only thing I can think of worse than another Theresa May dance is if Angela Merkel responds in the same coin. BrrrrRRRRRR!
She too will get to that age one day and then how will she feel. Oh, but it is okay for the Schumer's, Pelosi's and Feinstein's aged reps to govern?
Your thoughts? Since you’d mentioned nothing to do with Brexit?
I have been calling for this &amp; talking to my Left friends in the European Parliament to support us and keep the door open...
Brexit isn't what was promised in 2016. Whatever the politicians find that can win a majority in Parliament and get agreed with the EU needs to be put back to the people for final approval. If the EU agree, MPs back it with a majority and people then vote for it, I'll accept it.
Surely Nige it’s not good to brexit with a “No Deal” is it?
How about you try and persuade her by talking to her! Grow up and talk to each other.
Or you could, I dunno, come to an agreement that there is no agreeable deal and just revoke Article 50 and hope the country can even recover from that. The alternative is to throw the country into the dark ages.
Tell MPs: work cross-party to fix Brexit. Add your name now via
Brexit: MPs to debate and vote on Brexit 'plan B' options on Tuesday - Politics live
Stephen the reality is that Nicola would try to use Brexit to gain Indy (as she’s use anything) without showing how in any way Indy mitigates the damage of Brexit. If you choose to trust her then that’s your prerogative but it doesn’t wash with the majority...
After Theresa May’s historic Brexit deal defeat (Tuesday 15th January 2019), Gavin Davidson offers his view on how Brexit could impact the UK healthcare industry’s contribution to the UK economy. #brexit #Gavin
Andrew Coyne: What can Canadians learn from Brexit? Secession is not quick and painless
do your job
John Bercow reel of highlights. The only source of order in the car wreck that is Brexit. Loved throughout Europe...
#PhilipHammond faces #Cabinet backlash over #nodeal #Brexit as ministers say he is a 'rogue element' via
We have some Left wing proEU taxfunded slug claiming school kids are being indoctrinated by the far right. BS. This fuc has accepted left wing teachers are attacking vulnerable kids who's parents voted Brexit. Leave kids alone bitch Leave our kids alone!
Great article on Brexit, imperialism, ruling class, etc.
Is May moving the shouting match to No 10, so as to try &amp; hide the disgusting brawl the yobs have turned Brexit into? The silly children need to stop bickering &amp; deliver the full Brexit that people voted for They're our representatives, not masters They're opinions are irrelevant
He is playing a strategic game where he thinks waiting until Plan B fails, he can do another confidence motion and win government by converting those 19 Remainer Cons who (he hopes) will put stopping a No Deal brexit as more important than staying in power.
BREXIT: Unless the people who make the UK's laws can get a little more creative, this stalemate will continue. And if the government doesn't revoke Article 50 or request an extension, then on 29 March 2019, the UK leaves with No Deal. It really is that simple.
It may be a political mistake but he has said no to #NoDeal it is who has refused to rule it out despite last week’s vote which ruled it out! #StopBrexitSaveBritain
BBCNEWS 6:16am BREXIT TALKS. PM: I'm disappointed Labour Leadev didn't take part in talks' BREXIT TALKS. Mr Corbyn describes...
This is incredibly arrogant, the PM doesn't have exclusivity on what the principals of Brexit means, surely the last few weeks has shown her this!? #Brexit #BrexitShambles
“If a second referendum takes place, then obviously the party will decide what role we will play in that … but I can’t really go along with the idea that it should simply be a re-run of what happened in 2016.” - Jeremy Corbyn. Read more
So, when is Labour going support revoking Article 50, or support the Withdrawal Agreement?
Taking Stock: UK Businesses Brace for No-Deal Brexit
Confused, is Brexit not the Britishnorople product? Brexit is the people, Vince.
Latest News: Brexit: Theresa May meeting MPs 'to seek consensus' Jeremy Corbyn calls the talks a "stunt" - as 29 January is pencilled in as the date for a vote on any revised plan. 2019-01-17 14:09:28Z
I think all four nations would vote to Remain now we have seen what Brexit really looks like.
But sadly the experts won’t make the decisions....oh, wait, neither do the politicians! As you were
Great speech yesterday about failure to deal with #biodiversity loss &amp; #climatebreakdown by Shadow Treasury Minister Clive Lewis MP in Motion of No Confidence debate -definitely one to watch! #ExtinctionRebellion #Brexit #Tellthetruth
Leaving on WTO terms is the default legal position if no other deal is agreed. Too many politicians and Media channels conveniently forget this to peddle their own Remain agendas.
had it right the 1st time #Brexit
thank you for so much common sense! I wish had as much sense to investigate and prosecute the criminals behind Brexit. There’s been too much influence from the far right, from American billionaires that pay the far right, and there’s always Putin.
didn't you say that there would be no border checks in the event of a no deal? Could you please explain that to the French, it seems they weren't listening
Let’s hope they do Nick eh !!! Just because she’s having cross Party talks it doesn’t mean she’s listening, This is Theresa May’s Brexit And Theresa May wants all the accolades and the plaudits, More So yearns Power And to go into the History Books, The PM who took UK out of EU !
NO DEAL BREXIT is what people actually voted for. They didn’t vote to LEAVE and rejoin. The government and Parliament have failed and will never be forgiven
New York city loves you good luck with Brexit
Put Trump in charge of Brexit please. Our lot are utter shite!!
At least us British still have the sense of humor to fall back on. Perhaps our colleagues over the water think we are forever having #Takeaways with all the calling for Order #BrexitShambles
Factbox - May's Brexit 'plan B': What happens next in parliament?
CIF thoughts on Brexit? Do you agree?
Speaker John Bercow is like the best kindergarten teacher over. #orrrder
this is the truth !!!!!!!!!!
Well you're not PM #tonyblair thank god so wind your neck in and go away! The People want the #brexit we voted DEMOCRATICALLY for and that is out of the EU, not a half out, no divorce bill paid with our money #leavemeansleave #theresamay sort it out!
Makes a change from blaming brexit I guess.
To heal the divides post-#Brexit, the church needs to be at the forefront of changing the tone of the debate; more of us need to be visionaries in tackling social ills - has been speaking to me for &amp; he heartily commends the work of
It's hatred of Brexit. Her tweet reveals how much the elite hate the idea of democracy or mobocracy as they really view it. The idea that the people might have a bigger say in how society is governed terrifies them. They can influence immature voters but not wiser ones. #Brexit
Face facts brexit is dead , May just killed it
#Brexit : #EU Barnier: Agreement negotiated with PM May govt is the best possible.:
Why is Theresa May so obsessed with delivering Brexit? The reasons she offers don't hold water It will destroy confidence in democracy? Rubbish. For example Ireland is fine after they had a second referendum on the Lisbon Treaty That she has a duty to deliver Brexit. That's a lie
EU has wasted enough time in this and it has damaged it's own economy as a result, is time to kick out if it wants to rescue it's economy that has been suffering since 2016.
"light relief"
And we wish him good luck trying to retain his job this year.
Of course they say that, just walk no deal #Brexit
A Brexit lesson in economics for Canadians hoping to profit from anger: Don Pittis
So by your own description (!) she is engaged in a political campaign. And it is the political campaign, not the T-shirt itself, that the pub has banned. Compare a "Brexit means Brexit" T-shirt.
The outcome of #brexit is a UK breakup. This is outside the remit of this parliament. A general election with #UK or #notUK parties standing. A party for Brexit (e.g. current Labour) is #notUK England wants #brexit then they want #notUK. Scotland want #noBrexit then they want #UK
Tell it to the jaguar workers being made redundant because of Brexit.
Pankaj Mishra in typically good form: The many crimes of the empire’s adventurers were enabled by Britain’s great geopolitical power and then obscured by its cultural prestige.
That is exactly what we are up against!!!....."scrap Brexit".....we had a Referendum and voted to Leave YOU COULDNT MAKE IT UP
Is May moving the shouting match to No 10, so as to try &amp; hide the disgusting brawl the yobs have turned Brexit into? The silly children need to stop bickering &amp; deliver the full Brexit that people voted for They're our representatives, not masters They're opinions are irrelevant
'A human tragedy and a political scandal' - the words of Munich's today about #Brexit #citizensrights for and We agree with - nothing prevents and ring fencing our rights now
Brexit seems tame in comparison.
Brexit news latest: MPs tell Theresa May 'Let us decide or we'll quit' | London Evening Standard
The wealthy and the elite have been doing precisely that. Brexit is their brainchild
I think I only started calling for a no deal Brexit when Theresa May highlighted the option by saying 'my deal or no deal'. Since then I have gained an understanding that no deal actually means trading based on wto rules so not no deal at all! Obfuscation of the English language!
On Brexit: “The British political class has offered to the world an astounding spectacle of mendacious, intellectually limited hustlers”
Can anyone tell me what a #PeoplesVote will resolve? And how it will resolve the current divide... What if it's 52/48 again or 51/49 (a win for #Brexit but less of one) - what will another referendum resolve?
I aren’t a Corbynista, he has his flaws, I’m just pragmatic. Nobody is going to convince the DUP to jeopardise the strongest position they’ve had in years, they don’t want her Brexit but they certainly don’t want to lose their privileged place holding so many cards.
The British Parliament will vote on a 'plan B' of the Brexit on January 29, according to this Thursday announced the conservative leader of the House, Andrea Leadsom. (in the image on the right)
Genuine question: the people of the #UK have apparently voted for something that was peddled by fake news and is 'unattainable' and impossible. Irrespective of whether you voted #Brexit or Remain, is it legitimately possible to leave the #EU?
Nail on head!! When and no longer hold the aces. - I sincerely hope the public remember this - The DUP belongs in the 1600s and not the present day - get them to fuck! #Brexit #BrexitShambles #BigotedPals
RED CARDS FOR EU DRIVERS: No-deal Brexit warning for UK drivers
And so it goes that even others have heard and seen what the British 'Leavers' cannot.
I suspect few foreign companies aren't re-considering large investments in a hard-Brexit UK.
#Nodeal preparations really stepping up in Britain #brexit #NoDealBrexit
Nay chance
#Dollar, major currencies stable as shutdown, #Brexit and muted European data scrutinized
Also:
What is cost to #business and #society of this impasse? How many £bns are fleeing from #UK because of #Brexit uncertainty? This deadlock is #irresponsible
Eurosceptic Tories react to Brexit deal defeat with proposals for A Better Deal and A Better Future via
No for Brexit Deal, Yes for May. And What for Gold? - A Professional Signals Service =&gt;
Brexit, U.S. Trade And Government Shutdown In Focus
15 mins in #Brexit word rears its head. says it’s assessing its strategic relationship with other European regulators and the EU as the Brexit process progresses.
If you take no deal off the table you are telling the EU they don’t have to negotiate. Are you trying to stop Brexit and undermine a large number of your voters wishes?
Support for Remain highest since referendum, Brexshit poll finds
'Order!' Why Europeans are turning to John Bercow for light relief in Brexit chaos – video
she was saying no brexit was a possibility too for them to back her. As for no deal being a threat. It's been a reality since before the referendum in a no deal scenario. If you don't have a card, you will only get what EU is going to give They don't want no deal either
BREXIT: Stop 'blackmailing' MPs with threat of no deal, Lucas tells May
Can't wait for 's write up of this shit date.
This in spades
NEWS: EU indicates it could accept a delay to Brexit --- with conditions (FT)($)
Why is Theresa May having meetings to decide the next plan? Unless she’s been lying to us (?) the EU are not prepared to budge, so the only option is out- no deal #brexit
I'm aware this is privileged thing to contemplate, but, I want a #Brexit Holiday! Is there anywhere in this godforsaken world were: A.) I don't have to hear abt Brexit? B.) I won't get ridiculed as a British citizen for coming from one of the most idiotic countries in the world?
We cannot let Corbyn gain control, period #Brexit
You may be right, but part 3 will be difficult if Corbyn has been complicit in a no deal Brexit by refusing to get involved in discussions about how to avoid it. It’s desperate if he’s so unelectable that he can only win by helping his opponents engineer a national catastrophe
The problem is that the British "establishment" had Brexit imposed on it. And the real problem with Imperial nostalgia is that Britain's loss of Empire was accompanied by military success and economic prosperity which meant the people have not been educated to Britain's weakness
What positive outcome can she achieve during the next two months, literally nothing. But to save her rule and satisfy her lust for power, she could go along the disastrous and suicidal route of NO DEAL Brexit. (2/2)
A tory with sense.....did I just say that?
‘Nuff said....
Plenty of people voted Labour for the first time in 2017. Polling suggests they'll not vote for them again if Corbyn is seem to fully back Brexit.
oh this is just so good.
Plan A. Search for Plan B. But C is on Court! Cannot see this? #Brexit © Cartoon:
EU would love to deal with a rational humane politician from the UK. JC will reverse the revulsion the EU must feel for UK politicians after dealing with May, Davis and Rabb-all hopeless, ill informed and petulant
Typically astute piece of analysis from a man with bitter experience of dealing with Brussels system of negotiation.
Hunter: "There's no mandate for #Brexit anymore, it's gone" via
This is what Democracy looks like in Europa!! Instead of Brexit the UK gets Martial Law!
Nice troll,
Nothing to fear with a No Deal Brexit
Brexit is only 'bonkers' to a Europhile, whereas someone looking to save some of their low wage, would want cheaper goods, save them borrowing more, just to survive.. WTO gives them that. Once out, we can stop charging EU tariffs to non EU nations.
Then tell me, what is the point? May will stick to Brexit 'principles' in cross-party talks, says No 10
Just what the EU have demanded all along and our MP's are facilitating it.
New Blog Post: "Brexit Vote in UK Parliament"
What are the alternatives to 2nd referendum: 1. No deal, hard Brexit 2. May's deal, soft Brexit 3. No Brexit 1 was unacceptable to many, 2 just lost big in parliament, 3 rejects 1st referendum. A 2nd referendum could offer all three options, winner is 2 or majorities for 1 or 3.
Corbyn blasted for refusing to enter Brexit talks ‘he’ll talk to Hezbollah but not May!’
She's giving me the opposite of a hard Brexit WAEY
The SNP are playing a smart game as well, looking for a second brexit referendum, knowing that this would likely give them a better chance at getting sign off on a second independence referendum
- still winning. Signed. Your days being an MP. Are numbered. No one will ever trust you again. A poor reporter as well. #conservatives #tories #brexit
#Brexit is the 3rd top challenge for Financial Services in 2019. What’s #1? Find out in our Q4 2018 #CBIPwC Financial Services survey: #FinServ
Would you care to set out, in an understandable way, the difficulties a #NoDeal #Brexit would bring, and how you believe they could be mitigated? WTO rules are clearly not a panacea, so let’s understand the impact.
Thanks to #Brexit the only show with so much cliffhangers that helped me to get through the past 18 months without
Petition: Walk away now! We voted for a No Deal Brexit
Let’s see, how did those polls go for you last time, George? Could that be why you’re ‘editing’ newspapers?
Support for Remain highest since referendum, Brexit poll finds
Why are you assuming it was a project of the right?Many Brits, of different creeds, political persuasions and backgrounds voted Brexit because they believed/believe the UK can thrive internationally without being part of the EU.There is far too much ‘pigeon holing’ of voters
Cretin
#Brexit reality check...
MAPPED: Areas of UK pushing for Brexit no deal as petition HIJACKS May’s Meaningful vote
Irish motorists will need ‘green cards’ to drive in UK under Brexit
Ah yes the NY Times typically balanced view of Britain
£39 Bn is 9.3 times as much as the £4.2 Bn you think we'd save. It can therefore do nearly 10 times the benefit you want to use the £4.2 for. Pick your toys up and get back in the pram.
Very true that May/Robbins have wasted months after the Chequers ambush of the cabinet in July (because she knew they would hate the "deal").Had she listened to other plans, we would have passed a deal by now. It is not too late! #RespectTheResult #WTOLetsGo
What brexit option would be put in a 2nd ref #PeoplesVote if both Theresa May's crap deal&amp; #NoDealBrexit have already been ruled out by our Sovereign (Parliament)? Is there enough time for a PV anyway? Also,Executive are only ones who can action one? The PV makes no sense #FBPE
And just on cue for a winter of Brexit discontent, it seems only right that there's a potentially long cold spell on the horizon.
Matt Matt Matt, Brexit was caused by and is being messed up by the CONSERVATIVES, the CONSERVATIVES!!! Corbyn cannot just ignore the will of 17 million people, just like the CONSERVATIVES are not ignoring the will of 17 million people, the Tories are trying to shift blame!
17.4 Mn voted No Deal. Sod MP's career path desires.
BBCNEWS 6:17am BREXIT TALKS. MPs will vote on Brexit next steps on 29th January; I BREXIT TALKS. PM meeting with MP5 to try to end...
Brexit: France activates no-deal plan
As someone who joined after the referendum I am disappointed by their passivity. 2017 didn't help, wrong leader, too conservative with anti-brexit policy. I like Vince, but he feels temporary, too quiet &amp; tainted by the coalition. Should have been bold.
My theory is Brexit will end the NHS. Sorry the country can't afford the NHS because it wanted Brexit. The poor + sick always affected most
For all the teachers out there!
Millions of EU citizens can't access personal records, high court told
Millions of EU citizens can't access personal records, high court told
Brexit Ref 2 = OK Indyref 2 = NOT OK Your duplicity in all this is sickening. You wants a so-called people's vote as Brexit isn't going well. But you oppose an independence referendum even though the UNION isn't going well.
Brexit vote: business and accountancy reaction #brexit
"Whitbread should be able to ride-out any post-Brexit storm as Premier Inn enjoys excellent brand recognition" - read more from Head of Tourism, Nick Wyatt as he comments on Q3 trading results. #whitbread #brexit
Clearly the indications suggest this inept, reckless wreck of a Govt have intentions to force the country into a ‘no deal brexit’ with all the chaos , expense + fallout that brings. May has wilfully driven us to this place through her incompetent stubbornness. Dishonour + waste!
Utter crap, whilst I wish he would it is the government who are supposed to deliver Brexit not Labour.
The rest of the world seems to cope ... I guess having been spoon fed laws, rules and regulations for so long the idiots that rule us can't cope with change. Doing it for real must be extremely scary !!!
No for Brexit Deal, Yes for May. And What for Gold? - A Professional Signals Service =&gt;
This brexit stuff does my head in get it over with come on i did not vote because I don't give a shit
Time all #Brexit supporting MPs took whatever action is necessary to implement the 2017 Manifesto promise.
You IRA Muppet. BREXIT Is ALL ABOUT LEAVE. ---&gt;
Parliament's rejection of Prime Minister Theresa May's #Brexit plan increased the chances of a so-called no-deal exit from the EU and spurred a chorus of doom from business in general—and automotive leaders in particular.
I wouldn't call it disaster socialism. The Labour party centre has long offered nothing other than mild social democracy - leading us to the crisis in rural areas that led to Brexit. That's a failure of the centre. Corbynistas don't want to go back to that again.
MOst people voted on teh constitutional aspects of the EU rather than trade matters. In my view the gov needs to get a grip, inform the people that Brexit is happening &amp; then inform properly on implementation options removing all this remain, 2nd ref, leave-no deal hysteria &amp;
"With Brexit, the chumocrats who drew borders from India to Ireland are getting a taste of their own medicine."
Pointless to hold a #RemainersVote in a Brexit country.
Tbf the Tories have murdered more people than all three
Westminster calls up the army reserve to deal with the domestic impact of Brexit.
She seems to have spent 2 and a half years ignoring other parties and ended up with an enormous defeat. However, Corbyn hadn't met her within 2 and a half hours and suddenly she wanted us to think the lack of agreement on brexit is his fault?
True, painfully true... #brexit
How dare the anti-brexit whingers suggest that we have another vote when the Tory scum are only in power by buying (with our money) the NI - who should never have a vote in our Parliament, we don't have any say in their political disaster.
Nearly FOUR TIMES more BBC viewers watched Derby's penalty shootout win over Southampton than end of Theresa May's key Brexit speech
Also a big concern for roads like the A12, A13 and M25
I’m embarrassed that the EU27 are having to spend money planning for No deal Brexit. Can this horror please end. #brexit
BBC News - No-deal Brexit warning for UK drivers
I don't agree that the lies have unravelled. Listen to , watch BBC news and politics programmes, read the Mail, Telegraph, Sun. No unravelling at all.
JC has always been a one person protest party voting against Labour umpteen times. He won't change now. He has never had to negotiate and he won't start now. He wants only a GE so that he can do more of the same internationally. Brexit is a means to that end.
The Brexit electorate … has changed since 2016. Many people are no longer on the electoral role, many (mainly young - just turned 18) have joined it. Question to consider: why not gauge the views of the people now, as opposed to being hidebound by 2016?
#VC #investors hold their nerve as #Brexit looms - more than $2bn invested in UK #startup and #scaleup businesses in the last 3 months of 2018 and $7.7bn invested through 2019
Brexit is not the disaster. The disaster is the people trying to deny it.
JPMorgan-Jamie-Dimon-Brexit-Theresa-May-Disater - Fortune
Personally I given up on BBC News and watch either ITN or C4 News which gives much better coverage of BREXIT and other matters!
this will just get washed away in the tide, brexit has ruined online banter
Brexit: Conservative MPs launch push for fresh referendum as one admits ‘we created this mess’ - The Independent
Just leave without a deal
What principles? The principles of belligerence, arrogance, continued failure to get parliamentary consensus, living in a cocoon, not recognising the shifting voice of public opinion toward a #People'sVote?
Have more questions after that Riverdale episode than over Brexit #ArchieComics #Riverdale #Brexit
And a people's vote would also keep them in power. If leave won again then we have a Tory Brexit. And there is no guarantee it won't. Be careful what you wish for
“The face of brexit”
Brilliant plan to solve the EU conundrum.
OR should be the majority, who voted Brexit, upset at their democratic vote being dismissed by fascists ?
'May’s defeat reveals the brutal reality of Brexit – let's revoke Article 50 and take time to decide our next step'
Oh look #taxavoidingchloe still spreading bile and hatred...#bbcnews #brexit #skynews #c4news
Mike, this is poor of you. Corbyn is playing party politics - with no discernible outcome. All he wants is to win power, not stop Brexit. Vince is not taking part in this, instead demanding a #FinalSay. I thought you were for that too!
...Would rather we stick together but let's just say i understand your predicament here. fuck westminster, fuck brexit etc
You now what I like about Corbyn? The distastes he has for May and her cronies. Under Corbyn we have half a change to level the UK a little, once this whole brexit thing is over.
I don't believe #YouGov polls do You ? Support for Remain highest since referendum, Brexit poll finds
Man...this whole #Brexit fiasco has really sent the UK back to the Medieval era.
Really greater overview by on the various issues in international law affecting fisheries and Brexit - great to have these complex legal issues broken down!
UK in deadlock over Brexit 'Plan B' as May and Corbyn double down
This is a good thread. The TL;dr is Labour is demanding ruling out a no-deal Brexit while simultaneously refusing to support either of the two ways to avert it.
It's not going to be Brexit - that's for sure.
Wouldn't it be funny if we had a #PeoplesVote that used the Alternative Vote system (which was previously rejected - by referendum - for General Elections in 2011) to choose between the three options of "Leave - No Deal", "Leave - New Deal" or "Remain". #Brexit
May &amp; MPs MUST get real TODAY #Brexit &amp; recognise that Britain cannot have its cake &amp; eat it. You’re either a paying member of the club with benefits or you’re not! The only realistic two outcomes are no deal Brexit or Remain via a PV. Request delay to Art50 NOW to enable a PV.
Or, she just didn’t want the Brexit and sabotaged it till the last moment.
at last yes, however you need to go on saying it so the press can’t ignore it! #StopBrexitSaveBritain
More to the point, it's now common place for MPs to dismiss the electorate as bigots, thick and clueless, yet for some reason they still think they're going to be re-elected at the next GE and that overturning Brexit will be the end of it - they're in for some nasty shocks
Tim Martin, chairman of JD Wetherspoon on Theresa May's / Brussels' defeated Brexit vote (16Jan19) #BBCNews #BNBCBreakfast #Brexit
I don't believe #YouGov polls do You ? Support for Remain highest since referendum, Brexit poll finds
Take a look at the latest update from HMRC regarding #Brexit #NoDealBrexit There may be steps your business needs to take...
Brexit is not the result of democracy. It is the result of lies and corrupt means. Democracy respects truth - you don't.
Brexit: does the answer lie with a modern version of ancient democracy?
Higher Politics: Effectiveness of the opposition?
I wish the Tories would stop repeating this lie that "Scotland doesn't want a 2nd independence referendum" - the vast majority DO want another referendum and in fact, a majority want one straight after Brexit (58% once don't knows are removed.) #DissolveTheUnion
They soon will be calling me Mr. BREXIT!
Which survey is that then? I haven't seen that one. Seen plenty like this though.
Lina, it's no surprise that people would be fed up with politics. The same people, though, will be a hell of a lot more disenchanted with the effects of Brexit. Then they'll wonder why they never had the chance to do something about it.
If they don’t deliver Brexit, the party will be ruined. Remainers in Tories need to back the May deal, EU elections, are around the corner, the EU is struggling.... EU will cave in. Germany can’t afford to fund everyone, I am here it’s crumbling. Brexit will be brilliant in end.
'Order, order, order! You're an overly excitable young man!"
The only way to Brexit is with Revolut Card no matter what happens you can be sure of Revolut. Ever Dreamed of Being Lord or Lady of your own Exclusive Island Castle? Well Dream No More
Fine. Either you are wrong and Labour (given the chance negotiated such a deal) Or they failed and we would have no brexit. What is it you hate about either of these possibilities?
See aww youz brexit mong fucks.. Yeez are fried. Fuckin fried.. One good of it is Scotland's independence is all but guaranteed.. #FREEDOM #ImStillYes
When you’ve done something really stupid, you might show a bit more humility when asking for help, but here goes. May’s Deal is not enough for the #Brexit mob and too much for Remain. Remain is now the most popular choice in parliament and in the country. You have to deliver it.
New post (Can Britain's Brexit Be Reversed?) has been published on Newsbuzzr -
Brexit: MPs to debate and vote on Brexit 'plan B' options on Tuesday - Politics live
..except cheap plastic-chrome trim, switchgear and metal chromed parts that badly corrode were not specified as a standard or bespoke feature of this #RollsRoyce #Phantom drophead coupe. #BMW do not deserve the stewardship of a once great brand. Bring on #Brexit
Just ordered a new mould in this style. Think I'll wear it in my Brexit-ear.
Also really interesting to watch 6-1 news on RTE on big Brexit days (read every day nowadays). and coverage is excellent and they don't have to worry about sensitivities of the audience to their echo chambers.
One of the consistently worst arguments to be bashed into a keyboard by the twitter goblins endorsed here by an MP whose party supports PR and who won her seat despite 64% of the voters voting for someone else.
i.e. take it or leave it.
Happy to know we have this endorsement!
France launches £44m no deal Brexit plan
It's almost as if incoherent messaging from the LibDems over the past decade or so, to the point where they look like both caustic ideologued and unprincipled opportunists simultaneously, explains why we are polling at about 40%, and Willie Rennie is at 6%.
Gridlock will continue. The clock will continue to tick down to a no-deal Brexit. No. 10 will not budge, they know the best strategy is to honour the 2016 result to the full. Let Labour and the LibDems lose the confidence of the majority of the electorate, that is their best play
Yvette Cooper and Hillary Benn have had talks with the PM. Wonder how quickly they'll be regarded as traitors by the Corbynistas... #BrexitShambles #BrexitDeal #Brexit
The BITCHY ENGLISH are have a hard time, O.K. a deal with E.U. They are antiquated , the BRITISH EMPIRER doesn't rule supreme anymore. brexit
Are you proposing that a Brexit UK doesn't subsidise agriculture? That is what Michael Gove is proposing. As that almost certainly would have the same effect on farmers in emerging countries as the CAP, Brexit offers zilch to them.
A Brexit lesson in economics for Canadians hoping to profit from anger: Don Pittis
Two Brexiteer foreign secs unable to deliver!
Russia was one of the most influential campaigners for Leave. Brexit is foreign interference. Brexit is corruption. Brexit is lies. Brexit is enrichment for a few. Brexit is ideology run mad.
Posted...
Visitors from EU countries to London falls 750,000 amid ‘Brexit boycott’ - Evening Standard
Back to #Brexit video
People who chat about T0ny Bla1rs view on Brexit when you bring up his war crimes
We campaigned passionately once before and lost. What I outlined is a spectrum of not-ideal but tolerable versions of Brexit that a binary ref would ignore. Such a ref would be a massively reckless gamble and whoever puts it forward will be signalling thier failure.
We should listen to him because he's doing such a good job ask the yellow vest demonstraters
Hi I'm a Graphics Designer, working as a professional designer for more than 5 years. High Impact Book Cover Design
If she commits to permanent CU then the need for backstop not required. She gets her WA and brexit and then work on FTA. The actual issue is ‘making own trade deals’, which a CU would preclude.
You’d have thought that a Scottish MSP, elected by Scottish voters, would be *livid* that his country is the *only* one *NOT* getting what it voted for in the Brexit referendum.
Special hanks to the #Brexit the only show with so much cliffhangers that helped me to get through the past 18 months without
It's time people started to be educated on the benifits of a no deal brexit. Returning GB back to it's free, independant and proud self. It's a complete myth that we need the EU, no more than a myth spouted by big buisness and MP's. We need to put the Great back into Britain.
Brits in Belgium thrown no-deal Brexit lifeline - although this is good news, this piecemeal approach by EU27 is far from ideal. We need #citizensrights ring-fenced before it's too late.
We have reached the point where we know the dump in the street is a poo. What they are trying to do is to make it palatable to all by calling it by another name.....yet it still stinks....brexit is now a dogs dinner being served up as a main meal for humans.....expect weird poo
Similar to Brexit.....it will be wonderful
Yeah! Instead of one crisis to deal w like our English counterparts Two parliaments = Scottish residents get to endure 2 political pantomimes 1) #Brexit 2) Salmond Vs Sturgeon (Or whatever it's called) At this moment, I'd prefer to have one parliament that taxpayers paid for!
Can we say finally?
"The only answers are those which destroy the question." (Susan Sontag, although admittedly gleaned from a Manic's album). Brexit was the wrong question. I don't see what asking it again is going to do.
Brexit
Formidable!
We need no deal brexit We need no deal brexit Theresa may must go Theresa may is a traitor and lied to us from the beginning
Are UK house prices heading for a post-Brexit meltdown? via #ICBS_mfin
Bollocks, but then you should know that by quoting the express, don’t you have any other comics you can quote from. But if course, you’ll keep on with your tin hat, conspiracy, they are all against us rubbish. Of course brexit is supported by the non elites, look who paid for it!
The latest The Luis Soares Daily! #brexit #caravanademigrantes
#Brexit : Keep letting these greedy politicians manipulate you into stupid decisions w/o thinking of the consequences. "Know what? the first time I wasn't thinking clearly so let's vote again on the same thing we just voted" How is that not a rerun? Please explain
What`s Jesus got to do with brexit?
Pleased to see there’s still stuff going on that isn’t brexit
Jamie Dimon says a hard Brexit would be a 'disaster' for the UK
The latest The Moonis Daily! #brexit #ghostbusters
We had a public vote on #Brexit - we voted LEAVE … Did you miss it?
Die UK-Charts: 3. Should I stay or should I go 2. Rain in May 1. How much is the Brexit?
Last 3 paragraphs. Would like to see what those proposals look like in depth. Co-operation with Europe makes sense.
The problem is not with Brussels, the problem is with Brexit and the Conservatives
I've just been on a Facebook local group talking about Brexit and it makes me want to cry! So many people who still believe the lies and have no clue what No Deal Brexit will actually mean.
The latest The Great Lincolnshire Daily! Thanks to #brexit #dancingonice
Corbyn blasts Theresa May's Brexit talks as a 'stunt' - and refuses to back down
OJ used to be someone whom I sometimes agreed with, sometimes disagreed with but always a voice for kindness, tolereance and reason. Since he drank the Corbyn Kool-Aid he's lost all reason.
Brexit
Well done,it might be impossible to shut her because she has a motor mouth especially when comes to brexit!!!
More people in poverty. More children at risk. Selling off NHS over the years. Recent NHS money announcement made after starving it for years of funds and trying to win favour after two years of water time and billions over Brexit. Something you were originally against.
“As partition comes home...ordinary British people stand to suffer from the untreatable exit wounds once inflicted by Britain’s bumbling chumocrats on millions of Asians and Africans.” #Brexit truth from #PankajMishra
Fact
If the two sides can't agree on a mutually cordial Brexit deal, Britain will leave without a deal. When you eliminate the impossible, Watson, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.
Can you imagine this Numptie on a World Stage???...
The Controlled Demolition of Brexit - #NewWorldNextWeek via
Pound Traders Indulge in Some Wishful Brexit Thinking
Hard brexit. Please.
Pink Wooden Fairytale Letter A #Octonauts #CoronationStreet #Brexit #ChristmasIsComing
This is nonsense. Brexit has no bearing/effect on the Irish/UK treaty rights related to movement that predate the EU. Pure fear-mongering
Special thanks to the #Brexit the only show with so much cliffhangers that helped me to get through the past 18 months without
STEPHEN POLLARD: Corbyn's real plan is no deal Brexit chaos
Historian: Queen Should Suspend Parliament to Stop Remain MPs from Blocking #Brexit via
Everything is on the table including a second referendum..... err but not a no deal Brexit
What a mess! I'm glad I didn't plan any more trips to the UK after 29 March: via #Brexit
Something about brexit being performance art and grim warning to other nations about inflation of self-importance. (And how we all get to suffer ultimately because of each parties internal strife.... Damn think I'm going to be sick.)
Wednesday 26th September 2018. Jeremy Corbyn speech: Labour leader makes dramatic offer to Theresa May to do deal on Brexit | London Evening Standard -
BBCNEWS 6:18am BREXIT TALKS. Jeremy Corbyn says May should 'ditch her red lines" BREXIT TALKS. Labour leader did not attend talks...
That doesn't rule out, necessarily, a Norway/EEA-type arrangement - which may be better than a Customs Union (and make the border in Ireland easier to resolve). May will stick to #Brexit 'principles' in cross-party talks, says No 10
Sept 2018 seems such a long time ago in Brexit timeline, heck two days ago seems like a long time ago in Brexit timeline ....
I added a video to a playlist 5 things to know for January 17: Shutdown, Syria, Kenya attack, Brexit,
#BREXIT CRISIS: Nothing Is Agreed Till Everything Is Agreed For UK #Tech
I think - therefore I am (not a Brexit supporter)
any chance of a piece in the gardening section for people starting out growing vegetables? There’s a large group of folk on FB on Brexit Gardens asking loads of questions, thought you might be interested.
Open Letter: Conservatives urge MPs to ask the Public for Informed Consent on Brexit – Conservatives for a People's Vote
OUR FRONT PAGE: UK demand for credit cards and mortgages is collapsing as Brits brace themselves for the shock of Brexit. Read more:
Shame he’s not that passionate about no deal brexit
Dream on!
Brexit schmexit.
The only influence the tories have left will be used to delay and confuse because they only have their Hard-Brexit fantasy left.
I am not scaremongering, I back my arguments up with facts and figures and brexiters go "fake news" because that's the only fake argument they have. Does it not occur to you that "fake news" is an absolutely rubbish argument. So is name calling. You are being conned by Brexit.
My #Brexit plan would be 1) Create cross party committee to find a new deal 2) Renegotiate 3) If #EU agrees #Parliament votes 4) If rejected #PeoplesVote with three options; Accept the deal, #NoDeal, reverse article 50. With a set vote threshold &amp; proportional voting.
The history books shall record Britain's leaders were distracted from resolving brexit by looking for visions of the future Head of State in their knees.
STEPHEN POLLARD: Corbyn's real plan is no deal Brexit chaos
Brits in Belgium thrown no-deal Brexit lifeline [ ]
UK in deadlock over Brexit 'Plan B' as May and Corbyn double down -
He’s been there the whole time with his fellow psychopathic vampire moving against #Brexit
Definitely get involved. We are the people with the plan #PeoplesVote! If you are in Oxford come and join Oxford for Europe . We are running a street stall in Kidlington 10am-12 noon on Sat 19th Jan.
Tory MP pledges second referendum amendment to May’s #Brexit plan Sarah Wollaston wants MPs to have vote on holding fresh poll when PM’s proposal is debated #peoplesVote #stopBrexit #revokeA50 #remain
This double - negative makes me want to tear my eyes out
#Muslim #Brexit #AFD #London 'Terror Has no Religion'? Could have fooled me!
No Deal Brexit set to be blocked within days reveals Chancellor in leaked call
Tory MP pledges second referendum amendment to May's Brexit plan | Politics | The Guardian
The media started with that crashing out the idiots
I had no idea you were a woman but well done in taking offense. Both sides have compromised but both don't want a no deal Brexit so please tell me how the EU not negotiating stops that happening?
This is where the Tories have taken our Nation. This Brexit folly must stop now. It should be recognised for the legal “Advisory” status it is. Questions of corrupt, criminality investigated thoroughly. Evidence of deceit, fraud and use of illegal foreign funding invalidates it.
Treasury yields rise after UK leader May's Brexit vote defeat
"May’s defeat reveals the brutal reality of Brexit – let's revoke Article 50 and take time to decide our next step"
I hope so
From 2004 lived in Kent for 13 years in total. I saw first hand the rise of racism and UKIP. I saw hatred towards people of colour who had nothing to do with EU. I saw and I knew that once Brexit had done with the EU, next move would be on non EU citizens. So what did you see?
Softer Brexit may mean Ireland taps UK bounce
If you agree with #Corbyn and rule out ‘No Deal’ #Brexit the we surrender negotiating strength to #Brussels as that is what they want to avoid at all costs- particularly #Germany. Is there anything between his ears?!
The Abyss is ONLY for the Nazi EU you Muppet. GTF!
Saw that Tony Blair is trending, instead of being dead the war criminal is apparently talking sense about Brexit, that makes the past all ok then.
#CarolineLucas should be #pm not #May #BrexitVote #BrexitDeal #Brexit #BrexitShambles
A Brexit lesson in economics for Canadians hoping to profit from anger: Don Pittis
Thank you Caroline. One of the heroes of the #Brexit resistance #dominicgrieve #toomanyotherstomention
Forget #Brexit.. this is more disturbing
look, my job might be shit, but at least i don't have anything to do with brexit and i am free to tune it out forever
Brexit = A far right coup &amp; the attempted break up of the EU by Putin. Same in USA.
I hope anyone who refers to people who disagree with leaving the EU as 'remoaners' shuffles off first. Just look at the cost and chaos of this stupid, Ill-defined horlicks of a Brexit. We haven't even left yet and the signs are all around us. Housing market tanking now too! Wakey
"British police have advised retailers to consider hiring additional security to cope with fears of food shortages and other goods in the event of a no-deal Brexit." Remind me, again, why it's going to be brilliant in the UK when it leaves the EU?
Those Labour voters would have every right to vote for Brexit in a new referendum.
Whew! #PeoplesVote
As a member. If you do not deliver a genuine BREXIT you will not win an election for the next generation. You will never be forgiven and some of you will not be anyway (looking you Soubry, Morgan, Grieve et al)
Arcadis is proud to be a ‘People-First’ organisation and will be offering financial assistance to all its EU National employees and families to acquire settled status post-Brexit.
France launches £44m no deal Brexit plan Risk has been created by maniacs like #macron and #Juncker who are both hated by the majority of their people. We of course hate most of our politicians too, so i guess we are all european
A 'NO Deal Brexit' is better than a 'Bad Deal Brexit' Remember! LEAVE MEANS LEAVE!
Unfortunately not with Corbyn and the LP FB on Brexit. That is the problem that LP has to face. It’s unerring ability to shoot itself in the foot on Brexit.
For sure, a referendum could go either way and we cannot take the result for granted if we get a democratic vote. The important point I was trying to make is that there is a significant chance that the country doesn't want Brexit and it is being forced through AGAINST the people!
Logically an election could result in a minority Labour government that Lib Dems could pressure to back a second referendum. Perhaps Vince just prefers a Tory government and No Deal Brexit to Corbyn.
"ordinary British people stand to suffer from the untreatable exit wounds once inflicted by Britain’s bumbling chumocrats on millions of Asians and Africans" Pankaj Mishra in the
fine, and 17.4 m people had dozens of interpretations of what that meant, in no small part based on what the likes of the charlatans I listed promised. Brexit is slowly dying because it was never deliverable. Those who campaigned never really even intended it to win.
Worst deal since Brexit!
I want to stop Brexit and I liked the coalition. Urban, educated, socially liberal. I am also however a Conservative...
GO WTO BREXIT!
This important piece has much to teach us
The only way to get the Tories out is to defeat their Brexit. Vince is in the land of reality, not the land of unicorns!
Where do we turn to now? A Brexit thread. Some of my frustration with the state of the debate will, almost certainly, become apparent. 1/
on why a #PeoplesVote may be the #OnlyWayForward out of deadlock. Thank you for hearing students and young people. Our voices must be part of this historic decision that will impact upon our lives the most.
Labour have been avoiding have an official line on Brexit for 2+ years - why would they start now? Why touch pitch? They will want the Tories to own it completely. So much easier to be 'we would have done it differently, but now must pick up the pieces'
Whatever party you support, this is well worth a few minutes of your time!
4. This may be seen as the ultimate 'betrayal of Brexit'. But... it is the UK's unilateral right. It preserves EU membership; and does not (cannot) preclude a fresh look at the UK's relationship with the EU. My call for it is here: 9/
With respect, this is not an accusation, it is an observation. Racism and xenophobia was a major factor in North East London. When asked why did you vote leave? A person,with an EU partner, replied. "Because I don't like Muslims. Racism is the foundation stone of Brexit.
No-Confidence Survivor: Theresa May and Brexit
That brings me to extension. If the aim is to produce a new deal, an extension does indeed succeed in buying time. But... it needs EU-27 agreement, and any extension request will have to appeal to all EU leaders. See: 13/
France activates no-deal Brexit plan
Soft Brexit, which neither Remainers or Leavers like for obvious reasons, won’t heal the country. Neither will a 2nd ref won by Remain, but we’d at least have a more solid foundation from which to actually fix the country. Better to be divided In, than divided Out
Poll: Support for staying in EU at highest level since referendum
Revoke would be the product of a huge political failure. Neither at the time of the referendum, nor prior to the triggering of A50, nor during TM's 'Brexit means Brexit' phase, have the nature of the Brexit choices been confronted. 16/
LOOL
We are told that Brexit was going to be easy; that we held all the cards; that trade deals would fall into Liam Fox's lap. Opponents of Brexit were saboteurs and traitors. Expert analysis was project fear. 17/
Sample size? A little over 300.
It turns out that the Brexit TM has been able to deliver doesn't live up to the promises she and others made. That there is no concrete version of leave which has the appeal of the abstract leave of 2016. In some ways, hardly a surprise. 18/
Millions of EU citizens can't access personal records, high court told
People's Vote: 88% of members want it. Support for any Brexit would damage Labour for 20 years &amp; hand the baton to , dividing the social democratic vote. your last chance. #EndtheMess #BacktotheFuture #Frauderendum16
She fully supports Labour's Brexit position...whatever it is.
5 things to know for January 17: Shutdown, Syria, Kenya attack, Brexit, climate: via
Instructive to note the longer term general decline in (untypical) London &amp; across the UK - trend preceded the further negative Brexit impact? Also interesting data around the decline of UK 1st buyers transactions. #ukhousing #ukeconomy #FTB
Jeremy Corbyn is willing to sit down with terrorists unconditionally but insists on conditions before he is willing to join cross party talks on the best interests of this country regarding Brexit? Lunacy! He is no opposition in event of a general election
Typical of Brexiters to blame anybody but themselves on the absolute shambles. The whole concept of pulling out of the EU is a practical and economical nonsense. Brexit only exists to appease a group of far right ideologists toying with their cash strategies, and the xenophobes.
If still in any doubt, read this.
Millions of EU citizens can't access personal records, high court told. rules could prevent people from asserting right to remain in UK after #Brexit, says QC.
I want to tell senior people you’re wise and wonderful; needed and special. Your days are not numbered by the Toynbee’s of this world. Don’t feel worthless today. Old age is a gift to be thankful for. #brexit
And that was a great speech. I’m sorry you don’t like it, Mr Spencer. Can’t help feeling that Ruth Davidson looks more favourably on Ms Black than you do. Brexit is a betrayal of our country, not a help. Mhairi knows that. Tories like Ken Clarke, Anna Soubry &amp; Lord Hezza agree.
Peter Grant would have sorted out Brexit.. Thank you
May Survives, what’s Next? #Fed #GDP #Brexit #Commodities
introducing the background to the recent Fisheries Bill - #Brexit brought about an opportunity for the UK to develop new legislation to replace the CFP.
Five decrees to be issued within three weeks to authorise investment in border control checkpoints, roads and lorry parks at ports #NoDealBrexit disaster
Obviously you did not see the numbers of petitions sent to Government. Sorry to inform you, but after 1.5 million petitions signed by UK people, its clear that they want a #NoDealBrexit as 474,345 wanted a vote, 462,770 wanted to remain. A MASSIVE 686,895 WANTED NO DEAL BREXIT!
MUST STOP ARGUING ONLINE WITH IDIOTS ABOUT BREXIT. I simply must but it’s so damn difficult. Here’s a puppy pic to calm me down and change the subject.
#VC #investors hold their nerve as #Brexit looms - more than $2bn invested in UK #startup and #scaleup businesses in the last 3 months of 2018 and $7.7bn invested through 2018
May's DEAL was not to deliver Brexit.... May's MANDATE was to deliver it, as instructed by the majority vote in the Referendum. Pay attention. I Prefer discussion but am getting sick of people who will not engage and just "shout" on here.
The tone is a little over the top, but I liked this perspective.
This! No Deal is the default position if nothing happens. The only way to stop it is to actively make something else occur, or replace it as the default. No-one can agree what to replace it with. Saying you're against #NoDealBrexit is cool and all, but it's pure sophistry.
Brexit hasn't even happend yet, you dumbass - they can't even agree on a deal.
Bank those demands but avoid picking up red-lines! Are you working as a team? #Brexit #BrexitVote #Crossparty
O’Brexit
'No Brexit' is the exact opposite of your manifesto.
If you look really closely, I think you’ll agree that 8 and 1/2 year old me foreshadowed Brexit.
Brexit news latest: Support for staying in EU hits highest level since referendum as 56 per cent say no to Brexit - Evening Standard
BBCNEWS 6:19am BREXIT TALKS BREXIT TALKS. Labour leader calls again for a General Election ', I
'No deal' on Brexit is the best deal for Britain and the United States via
Eh, no ...? Consistently the best Brexit analysis.
I don’t think respect for democracy and wanting to scrap Brexit are mutually exclusive. Respecting democracy in Brexit’s case is committing oneself to economic suicide in order to honour a referendum result that was flawed from the start.
Exactly!!!!!!
21 ppl died in a attack in Nairobi , 4 US soldiers died yesterday in Syria , UK is on its arse over brexit &amp; A woman has been mauled to death by a pet crocodile in Sulawesi and sky news post this........
"A majority in 290 of 317 Tory-held seats (91.5%) back a public vote if parliament is unable to break the deadlock on Brexit"
Unbelievable, accusing the PM of having laid down red lines over the brexit deal and yet look at all the parties laying down red lines before they cooperate with the PM to come up with sensible solutions, thank god I still have all my faculties about me, H E L P !
Will I ever love anyone as much as I love Lisa Nandy??
I watched the speech, then went back to the football.
Awww!Surely it's my turn in No 10. It's not fair! (Sound of stamping his little feet and agressive writing of post-it notes).I can do a better job. Go on. You know you want to.......what's this Brexit thing anyway? And what's this word neg-oh-she-ate? I just stamp my little feet.
Sturgeon has respected the Scottish independence referendum, nor has she respected the Brexit referendum
No form of Brexit has a mandate at the moment. You could argue the 2016 referendum result guided MPs to look at ways of negotiating a Brexit that could then ask for an implementation mandate. We're a long way from that.
Theresa May’s Brexit defeat: The funniest Twitter reactions -
A classic example of Labour still stitting on the Brexit fence protesting as a protest party does.
#PeoplesVote #Brexit #bbcnews #bbcqt She always does this bullshit, it's a party political broadcast by any other name. The other party's should have the same air time. How about giving C Lucas 10 minutes and Vince Cable After May does her ten minutes of Tory slogans.
Go go
He said he has a gold medal for lying. He might have made that up.
hahahitachi we keep whats ours #brexit the gravy train STOPS
I seem to remember that ‘not fit to lead’ was the judgement of more than a third of MPs about the same Prime Minister just a month ago.
Singapore 1942, hard lesson on the limits of British military might. Suez 1956, hard lesson on British geo political standing. If Brexit goes ahead 2019 hard lesson on Britain’s economic strength. British arrogance and hard lessons go together.
There is no chance of a NO DEAL Brexit &amp; regardless of what type of Brexit is delivered or not delivered the whole debacle reveals the need for real change on this island, the north as an unwanted corner of a dysfunctional union serves nobodies interest #Think32
Willie has lost the plot. Ok to support a second Brexit referendum but not a referendum on Scottish Independence. Hypocrisy of the highest order from Willie Rennie
We need a citizens assembly to solve the Brexit mess, but we can also build a new, better political system out of the current crisis. Email your MP now:
Considering moving out of way of oncoming juggernaut shows weakness says #Brexiteer
In his new cartoon, looks at a history-making event from across the pond. SUBSCRIBER PLUS. See it by clicking here: #Brexit #BrexitVote
One good thing about #brexit: everyday people are getting more involved in politics. The genie is out of the bottle.
Should #TheresaMay (figuratively speaking) suck #Junker's cock for a better #BrexitDeal? #Brexit #BrexitChaos #poll
The best one:
Any other President would have been roasted. #Resist #Trump #LiarInChief #trumpshutdown #WheresMitch #RussianAgent #RussianAsset #Brexit #Unthinkable: a ranking of the 50 moments that define the Trump presidency, from #TrumpUnthinkable
This is becoming boring. Forget postponing the evil day! Get a deal done NOW. A consensus deal is better than a no deal...so why can’t they just act like grown ups and get a consensus done FOR THE COUNTRY? #Article50 #brexit
BBC News - Brexit: Theresa May meeting MPs 'to seek consensus' #Brexit #Britain #EU Theresa May has quite a challenge ahead of her.
Looking forward to participating tomorrow - opening address today on #Brexit by former Taoiseach Bertie Ahern
Brexit: Rule out no-deal, Jeremy Corbyn tells Theresa May
My Brexit regret is that our country has been repeatedly humiliated and embarrassed since June 2016. It's not Brexit's fault though, it's due to the craven, supine capitulation of our Government.
I took part in a citizens' assembly – it could help break the Brexit deadlock | Louise Caldwell
Plan B. Shame there wasn't a morning after pill for Brexit. #brexit #planb #RevokeArticle50
Not delusional, just educated and unlikely to be told otherwise by a misguided fool like yourself. Civil wars have been fought for rights denied during Brexit. You're the liar here, i keep telling you but ignorant that you are, you won't accept the truth of things.
Stephen Colbert flies Mary Poppins into a Brexit apocalypse
The EU single market is for goods AND services. For a good outline of NI rights under GFA in relation to Brexit I found this academic paper very helpful, its a little slanted to HR but IMHO explains well why its such a conundrum:
Brexit is going to hurt the UK. People here are uncertain what form it'll take.
can you imagine my disappointment when I saw Pro Brexit cover of this mail shot and then the promise of “Unicorns for all” from Mr Weatherspoons, only to find out it was an article about a brand of gin... gutted. I thought they’d finally found them.
Why has he not resigned yet, he no longer has any credibility. Instead of implementing the referendum results he is working to his own agenda, betraying Party, Prime Minister and Electorate. He perceives the Brexit Vote to be Extremism. How out of touch can he be.
Don’t rely on Germany to solve Brexit, it doesn’t need to help Britain
For such a Serious Matter of #Brexit , lets check that ppl are Happy with still Leaving the #EU now they have an idea of what they are going to get. The promises and views were different 2+yrs ago. If ppl still want to #Leave then I can accept that vote.
Only a small minority of leavers thought about the economic aspects of Brexit. It was the social and political reasons behind it, which is why they are so steadfast to leave now. Thinking of Britain as the Empire in its glory days
Theresa May battles to keep EU divorce deal on track
Well said. Put the political nit picking and arguing to 1 side and get your heads together, that means all MP's and heads of there parties and do the right thing for the country for a change. #Brexit #BrexitVote
Millions of UK drivers will need 'Green Card' to travel in EU in case of no-deal Brexit - The Independent
This. Although I wonder whether we should stop talking about 'the Deal' as the third option. The Withdrawal Agreement has some aspects of a Deal, and some aspects of a framework to allow an actual Deal to be negotiated over the next couple of years.
she must go - May will stick to Brexit 'principles' in cross-party talks, says No 10
I voted to leave - but not via a cliff edge brexit or ridiculous derisory terms. I believed what I was told during the campaign which I know now was mainly bluster &amp; bullshit. We need to determine what leave actually means and then vote
Visitors from EU nations to London falls 750,000 amid ‘Brexit boycott’
EU'S BARNIER SAYS BREXIT AGREEMENT NEGOTIATED WITH THERESA MAY GOVT IS BEST POSSIBLE
Coincidentally, this is now the UK government's Brexit plan.
Reality checks for everyone in this #podcast and accompanying article from on the economics of a #NoDeal #Brexit ....spoiler alert, the sombre opening music! via
Theresa May pushes back date for Brexit ‘plan B’ vote to January 29 via
YouGov poll reveals 56% of voters would choose Remain if given the chance in a fresh referendum The 12-point lead for Remain is a big increase from eight points at the end of last year &amp; will be seen as evidence that voters are losing confidence in Brexit
Not sure they are facts. Presumptions more likely. Looking at a recent ch4 young people Brexit discussion. The considerable proportion of them were for Brexit. And some of pro remain would still vote for leaving to save the democracy.
I see that are preparing us for their favoured option of a no-deal Brexit
Is it time to put all your Fiat assets into GOLD and BTC yet? If not its pretty damn close.... #Brexit #Bitcoin #RunForTheHills #BattenDownTheHatches
Agreed. Now go and see the PM....
Vince Cable: "take No Deal off the table" Nicola Sturgeon: "take No Deal off the table" Caroline Lucas: "take No Deal off the table" Jeremy Corbyn: "take No Deal off the table" Teresa: #brexit #birdboxchallange
Isn’t today literally the bleak midwinter? Or was it yesterday? Just pissed off with brexit cos I can’t get excited about new avengers film cos it’s after brexit and just don’t want to think about that happening!
No it is not. It is time for you to realise the #brexit experiment has failed. #revokeA50 now, before even more damage is done to everyone's lives. THAT would be putting #NationalInterest first. This is more than just about you and your pitiful job.
Alternatively it’s them telling labour to stop acting like twats threatening to continually raise confidence votes they have no chance of winning and deal with Brexit.
In which Nick *doesn't* ever change. (Hence demanding May rule out 'no deal', refusing to commit Labour to campaigning for Brexit at the next election, etc, etc.)
You need to keep up to date,UK said they do not want a border,whatever type of Brexit comes about,decision now is solely with EU country's.
The story of #Brexit so far. Worth a read.
Urgent Brexit application re-write or modification/un-integration or code-level support - you know who to call! ( And it's not #ghostbusters ) #brexitbusters @ SCISYS
Wealthy Europeans Call In the Movers as Brexit Cliff Edge Looms - Bloomberg
LONDON | The Latest: May meets with Welsh political party over Brexit
Trading range in #gold tight like eve of 2000s' bull market as France 'prepares' for no deal #Brexit + ECB vows to continue stimulus
Where did I say the EU has not compromised?? The EU have said no more negotiations which risks a no deal Brexit which no one wants
The latest The Media Digest Daily! #brexit
Can Britain's Brexit Be Reversed? - HuffPost UK
That's better! #Brexit #NoConfidenceMotion #SNP #Scotland #SCOTREF #MediaMess #PeoplesVote #WeShallOvercome #BrexitChaos
A no deal Brexit must be better than remaining in the EU and continued to be bullied by the commissioners! The UK needs to get out deal or no deal.
I didn't know was made Home Secretary again last night. #PoliticsLive #Brexit
The UK’s #ThursdayThoughts when it comes to #Brexit now.....
Mixed feelings on this. On the one hand, this is probably more evidence of uncertainty caused by #Brexit. On the other, the UK needs to develop clean energy and that's certainly not nuclear!
"Brexit: France activates no-deal plan #love #followback #Twitterers #socialenvy #tweegram #photooftheday #20likes #amazing #smile #follow4follow #like4like #look #instalike #igers #picoftheday #food #instadaily #instafollow #fol…
Jeremy Corbyn gets the date of May's historic Brexit defeat WRONG
While we party she has destroyed her political Party by dissembling her plans for Brexit
Tory MP pledges second referendum amendment to May's Brexit plan | Politics | The Guardian
a no deal would terrify me if i had a goods trade surplus of pounds in the last year which is growing every year
Sure, Brexit is a very bad thing. But it's not up to the Germans or the EU to tell Britain to rescind the Article 50 declaration. The ECJ gave them the out. I think they're headed for No Deal Brexit and will rejoin the EU within 10 years due to the utter catastrophe it brings.
Nero, flames and fiddles spring to mind.
Another thing I'm tired hearing about: The "potential" UK economy crash because of Brexit. Here's another "hot take" by a publication that has been incredibly wrong over the last half decade.
Britain needs this guy for PM.
#breunionboys &amp; girls. JOIN.THE.CULT. #BrexitVote
Corbyn farting about as the country faces disaster. BBC News - Newspaper headlines: Corbyn's 'snub' amid Brexit deadlock
BREXIT: Stop blackmailing MPs with threat of no deal, Lucas tells May | The Argus
Some people are just so stupid it defies belief. Why would you ask the First minister about a Brexit she doesn't want, a Brexit she has no control over, and a Brexit your own party is utterly cocking up ?
The contents of this letter show with absolute clarity what problems there are with our system of government in its entirety.
1. How does May take no deal “off the table”? Does she just agree to it? 2. The soft brexit that JC is advocating is literally the only option that nobody wants.
Opinion | The Rudderless West - The New York Times
HMQ always careful about what she says/wears but 2 photos, one taken not long after 2016 Ref, the other shortly after the People's Vote campaign launch, imply she has nailed her colours to Remain: "One has had enough of this Brexit nonsense. One is taking One's country back."
A Brexit deal, Stoke Newington style: Pizzeria pledges 25% off for anyone who writes to their MP backing second referendum
Its based on how died (MPs 41, 1, 7, predicted 1) They took funding from the tories, &amp; told folk to vote tory, shared tory perspectives on brexit/nukes and preached rather than listened &amp; by your own admission JC isnt negotiating a solution for a no deal brexit
58% want Indyref2 straight after Brexit once don't knows are removed. So you're in the minority Willie.
Words of wisdom (not) from FINAL SOLUTION Toynbee. Shameful, but not unexpected.
there's plenty of Labour MPs smarter than you such as Ben Bradshaw who are supporting Jeremy's position of not talking to May until she takes a no deal Brexit off the table. I see why the BBC invited you on though and you gave them what they wanted.
Answer the question about how long the #BrexitGridGirls we're "campaigning" with evidence and provide me with an email address and I will happily provide answers to all your "questions" about Brexit.
I guess the masses of MPs who insist a 2nd Brexit Ref with our changing knowledge is deeply undemocratic will abstain from this?
What is the point? Why trade in a Rolls Royce with top of the range options for a secondhand Fiesta with none?
Automakers Understandably Freaking Out Over ‘No Deal’ Brexit
There should be a "humble petition", then! Surely, we have enough MPs, who would line-up behind that? Please say yes!
GBP/USD climbs further beyond 1.2900 handle, closer to 2-month tops By #GBPUSD #Brexit #DollarIndex
Brexit: Government calls up British army reservists to help prepare for no-deal - The Independent
France activates #Brexit #NoDeal plan
What? And ignore the majority of voters wishes? Bizarre
Ok. So, maybe with your life experiences you should do the honourable thing and perhaps write to Theresa May with your plan for Brexit
Dark money from dark places. , please investigate.
Bad Circus Ring Disaster. #Brexit #TheresaMay
I believe you are right. #ChangeIsComing #IStandWithCorbyn
lol yes it would back fire on him. He's living in lala land, thinks he can just cancel brexit and everything will be how he wishes it to be.
What a closed minded person
Yes. Get on with revoking article 50 notice and get on with a brexit enquiry into foreign influence, funding and illegal campaigning and anti EU media headlines and false reporting over last 30 years.
Worst boy band reunion ever?? Mark Francois is also definitely humming Little Green Bag by the George Baker Selection à la Reservoir Dogs... #BackstopBoys #WrongDirection #IWannaBrexYouUp #OutForGood #Brexit #pleasedontputtheminchargeeveragain
UK in deadlock over Brexit 'Plan B' as May and Corbyn double down - Reuters
So it's official: the FA Cup is more important than Brexit,and the very future of Britain's constitution.... #Brexit
She will say "we will deliver Brexit" as if she was a political super midwife. Time for Tom and jerry on TV, serious stuff.
Plus helping the #Tories to get the disaster that is #Brexit underway by voting with them on the Article 50 notice before any sort of planning had been done
Total traitor not only to us but the PM as well notice every time in the commons the PM is flanked by Hammond on one side and Lidington on the other that's every time what's going on there are they making sure May toes their line on brexit ? Has the PM lost control to those two?
Beep beep beep. Brexit bad.
WATCH: it may have been a big week on #Brexit but that hasn’t stopped me campaigning on other issues affecting people in #Cardiff South and #Penarth! I bid for + have secured (!) an upcoming debate in Parliament on services after the many problems local people have had.
Tánaiste confirms motorists will need green cards to drive in UK in event of no-deal Brexit
Well I am prepared to risk that for the sake of my children. Brexit will hurt my country. Absolutely nothing promised is being delivered. Let's stop this now, enough harm has already been done. By the way we Brits never give in to threats from the right.
on why a #PeoplesVote may be the #OnlyWayForward out of deadlock. Thank you for hearing students and young people. Our voices must be part of this historic decision that will impact upon our lives the most.
LIVE: PM meets MPs in bid to reach deal - as date set for Brexit plan B vote
Absolutely fascinating! I don't think I've ever seen international #marine and #fisheries #law presented quite so enthusiastically! #Brexit
Parliament is behaving abominably over Brexit – now it must be left to the public to decide - The Independent
#Anglesey voted to leave the EU by 0.9% (19,333 votes to 18,618 for Remain). #Hitachi
whose sole goal is to unite party &amp; I don't rate as politically astute - hopefully will hit the proverbial wall ... by not removing redlines she is heading for a no deal #brexit that has not got a majority in the #british people! #tories will be toast!
Stick to your guns Theresa you are doing a great job. Make Brexit happen on the 29th either with a deal or with no deal. If we don't get a deal then we will have £39B to sort things out. We won the war, we can do this!
No for Brexit Deal, Yes for May. And What for Gold? - A Professional Signals Service =&gt;
The #peoplesvote position has been made more difficult by the abject failure of May's deal. What on Earth do you now put on the ballot?
To be fair, I’d trust my two cats to make a better job of Brexit negotiations than this government
Theresa May has one last throw of the Brexit dice via
Do the right thing Treason May and give us a NO DEAL Brexit like we voted for! #nottolate
LONDON | The Latest: May meets with Welsh political party over Brexit
GBP/USD climbs further beyond 1.2900 handle, closer to 2-month tops By #GBPUSD #Brexit #DollarIndex
The leader would be a good place to start. I'm sure Yvette would say yes...we could actually get somewhere then and save the country from a #Brexit disaster.
To correct Brexiteers WW2 waffle analogy!! actually many nations helped Britain win that war, well here’s one for there analogy Brexit at its core means British Neo-Nazism!!
Commentary: Parliamentary Vote on Brexit Deal – 15 January 2019, Angelica Stoichkov
Proof positive of the Brexit demographic l am afraid. Just look at yourselves.
Lrediction: Petrol sales to a certain Mr. Molotov to soar in the event of a blocked/overturned Brexit.
The latest The Peter English Daily! Thanks to #brexit #peoplesvote
How inflammatory is that language - eg ‘rogue’ ?
Please listen to Blair, he,John Major &amp; Lord Heseltine care about the country not their Party or Career but our future
#uptonmeadowselection We've used our voice &amp; had our say in this important process #democracy #brexit is so done!
Fuck it put Southgate in charge #brexit
whose sole goal is to unite party &amp; I don't rate as politically astute - hopefully will hit the proverbial wall ... by not removing redlines she is heading for a no deal #brexit that has not got a majority in the #british people! #tories will be toast!
It'll calm down - it won't be like #ThePollTaxRiots - people don't care as much as that - on both sides. My view was either handle Brexit properly and come away winners or as now don't bother at all.
Anyone for a second Brexit referendum but not for a second independence referendum must be scared about the outcome.
Or having been slow to recognise how useless and inept her brexit secretaries have been she now looks to place the blame elsewhere.
May has great advisors, VONC won on hiring mercenaries, VONC on PM won on bribing with titles, and now shes readying the other political parties as the NO Deal brexit blamehounds. Time Labour used those unions, called a national strike, to see a little of brexit in advance.
money money money, must be funny, in Northern Ireland's World. #DUP #Brexit
UK gov makes a complete mess of #Brexit, therefore Scotland would make a complete mess of independence? It takes a particularly dim view of Scotland to come to that result. ... #Cringe
Except that Corbyn says he is against a backstop with no unilateral right of exit – in which case he wants a no-deal Brexit
Great thread.
And she believes that!
No surprises there.
"I don't need to change my mind" cry the Brexit rabble! Well yes you do because there's no way I'm changing mine! We are right remainers we must not listen to these racist xenophobic wasters any longer. Change is a coming and it won't be us that's changing #stopbrexit
More than 170 business leaders join call for second Brexit referendum
Catastrophe, cataclysm, disaster - not heard holocaust yet. None appropriate for a `no-deal' Brexit. If you want to use those words, folks, save them for what will happen when the global debt bubble bursts.
DUP saved the PM &amp; she knows that. #Brexit
Dow Jumps 145 Points as Markets Shrug off Brexit Blunder #Altcoin #cryptocurrency
Theresa May lives on as PM—but Brussels is in charge of Brexit
More than 170 business leaders join call for second Brexit referendum
EU’s Barnier: Remains Determined To Work On A Brexit Deal
Have your own chain! Be #free! #blockchain #ethereum #token #constantinople #brexit #cryptocurrency
This is actually happeneing
The latest Hydra's Forex Daily! Thanks to #forex #brexit
Theresa May: "Must respect the will of the people" Theresa May: "Must respect the will of the people" Theresa May: "Must respect the will of the people" Theresa May: "I must prop up my lame duck government with a pack of hateful, bigoted dinosaurs who will hold me to ransom"
UK Parliament to vote on May's Brexit 'Plan B' on Jan 29 #UKParliament #BrexitPlanB #Jan #socialnewsxyz
We expect this knowledge to come through in the ensuing days whilst he questions politicians of all shapes and sizes! I wonder what will happen.
what about information from Japan directly
Knowing he wants indy... I wondered where he was and why he wasn't being more vocal during this part of the brexit shenanigans. I didn't doubt he still wants indy but it seemed as though he was hanging back, waiting on SNP doing all the fighting against the brexit current...
Not sure this country could cope with a PM who writes letters in a sans serif font
Keep fighting Nigel, we all want to see the Brexit result we voted for. It must be honored!
Hi! I a'm Habibul Bashar. A #Graphic #designer. I will #design you all kind #Logo #stationary #Photos #Images . If you need any kind design please Contract with me . OR Order Here-- (link: …
The only way to unilaterally guarantee to rule out No Deal, is to schedule in a revocation of A50 for a date in the near future before 29/3. Anything less would not be a guarantee. That is the end of Brexit, and for Labour to insist on that is to lose their voter base.
Labour will only consider new Brexit referendum if UK is facing 'no-deal disaster', says Corbyn - The Independent
With Brexit, the chumocrats who drew borders from India to Ireland are getting a taste of their own medicine. via
What's the latest on Brexit?
A bit like #Brexit really!
You don't have to agree with Jeremy Corbyn, but you can no longer pretend he's sitting on the fence. Have you read this ?
If the cabinet has failed so miserably, why not try a different approach? #Labour #Conservarives #Brexit #FBPE
Don’t you think she looks tired? #doctorwho
IDOLO Mr Speaker!
Factbox - May's Brexit 'plan B': What happens next in parliament?
UK in deadlock over Brexit 'Plan B' as May and Corbyn double down
Not really it’s up to an individual to tolerate made up bullshit or not and brexit was basically a let’s see who can tell the most amount of lies each side is guilty
I absolutely loved your closing speech in the House of Commons last night. Both heart-felt and truthful. I agree with your response here. Keep up the good fight. I think if your party, the SNP and Liberal Democrats all pulled together, you could effect change together. #Brexit
Time wasting is exactly right. I expect the rest of Europe sees it for what it is too.
Artist Taxi Drivers brilliant little movie on the Brexit "deal" vote (and more):
First-time buyers shrug off Brexit saga as Help to Buy Schemes encourage more to get on the ladder
An interesting discussion of referenda design and voting theory, using the Brexit referendum as a case study | LSE BREXIT
Theresa May's Brexit deal didnt pass, got rejected worse than any other proposed deal in their history..but shes not tweeting and throwing tantrums and throwing the opposition under the bus...shes scheduling meetings similar situations, but one is a leader and the other is Trump
There is some holy BS in here but overall this is very good
France triggers 'hard Brexit' plan and warns that no deal is 'less and less unlikely'
No doubt about that! Ceding all control + paying upfront a bn!! Long NOT live Pro Brexit politically bankrupt Tory leaders, blinded by hubris, unaware of NI border issue, lied 2 ppl &amp; now unashamedly pleading 2 DUP 2 stay in power, risking the future of 65m!
The Cliffs of Dover are one of the most iconic places in all of Europe - to commit suicide. They don't lead with that in the brochure, but it's still true. #ThursdayThoughts #ThursdayMotivation #ComediansOfTheWorld #comedy #Brexit #BrexitVote #BrexitShambles
The Seaborne debacle has highlighted an important question around government procurement practices. examines this case as a warning against the lowering of standards in the context of #Brexit
Another brilliant speech by Mr Corbyn, putting May and other party leaders to shame.
Is a humble address a valid mechanism for this? It would require far less parlimentary time...
Forget talking to the PM about her historic Brexit defeat – Corbyn must listen to Labour members now - The Independent
France triggers €50m contingency plan in case of no-deal Brexit
Are we going to get a No-Deal Brexit?
After Brexit: Global Britain Plots Course to Return to the Far East
Brexit: 'No Deal' Is Ideal
UK in deadlock over Brexit 'Plan B' as May and Corbyn double down ...
How did Theresa May remain PM after her Brexit-deal was rejected?
Jaguar Podcast #3 :- BREXIT THEM DEALS: via
The world does not end with a bang, but with a Brexit.
on Brexit Statutory Instruments, Shadow Leader of the House to be using our data at today's Commons Business questions. Get the data yourself by checking out our Brexit SIs Dashboard - latest data soon! #BrexitSIs #delegatedlegislation
It’s actually a case of (“older”) experienced minds; and (“younger”) brainwashed devotees ... #Brexit
As Theresa May meets MPs to try to break the current deadlock, is the UK running out of time to reach agreement over Brexit and get it through Parliament?
Think we looking at this from different perspectives and viewpoints. I’ve been sidetracked with the remake of the witches now with Ann Hathaway. I need a brexit break x
It’s probably a tough decision whether to get the Watch labelled as a medical device in countries with single payer health care systems that are caught up in a Trade Cold War (Canada/China*) or facing upheaval (No-deal Brexit). *Functionally, Canada/Huawei
Beep beep beep. Mogg bad. Brexit bad.
with a true First Rough Draft of History from the frontlines outside Parliament on Wednesday. No bloodshed - but a lot of noise and confusion ... and a couple of laughs.
BBC News - Brexit: France activates no-deal plan
Eltringham is a Viking name from the North East. This is exactly the kind of anti-immigrant bias we expect post Brexit.
We should just declare independence, they will be to busy with Brexit for years, they wont even notice !
Do we must get rid of them. GE the only way.
Sounds reasonable.
"Government is cooling on new nuclear" = "Government has f***ed it up in funding model and scared off Hitachi and Toshiba with bats**t Brexit policy".
Michael Gove attacks Liberal Democrats and wishy washy policies on referendums and #Brexit (16Jan19) #BBCNews #BBCParl
The latest Former Action Guy News! Thanks to #metoo #brexit
Oliver Letwin: Our plan to delay Brexit will save Britain from a no-deal disaster - Evening Standard
It stands to reason that if UK/EU cannot agree a deal then a no deal Brexit would be the result. A WTO Brexit is not problem except in the minds of Remainers who will stop at nothing to inflate difficulties that do not exist.
Realty Check: you are a Govt Minister - if you want to free wheel, have the decency to resign and do it from the backbenches ...
The great British Brexit robbery: how our democracy was hijacked | Technology | The Guardian
Whichever way #Brexit goes, companies will need to reassess their #SupplyChain, #Tax, customs, agreements, #Trademarks &amp; #DataProtection. has developed a #BrexitAuditTool: quick &amp; free, to help you understand your risks &amp; prioritize remediation =&gt;
If you’re a Journalist in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a misery for you. If you live in Northern Ireland then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this farce! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Guerrilla billboards give Brexit a pasting
Brexit Update: On 15 January 2019, the UK’s House of Commons voted to reject a provisional agreement between the UK and EU which was intended to govern the manner and timing of the UK’s departure from the EU. See more on our website at
UK in deadlock over Brexit 'Plan B' as May and Corbyn double down [RTR
I'm still waiting for a response to my question Willie. Why is it ok for people to change their mind on brexit and have a 2nd ref but not for the people of Scotland with you being a 'Scottish' msp?
Discovered scribbled in Nostradamus's book #margin. 'Brexit - end of World!'. #hangtenstories
It’s not just about a no deal but remaining in a customs union. This is not BREXIT but yet another deliberate spanner of political hypocrisy to pretend that the careless, cares about the democratic vote of the #British #WTOBrexit He Does Not
What deadlock? The plan appears on course for the UK to leave with a managed no-deal. Well prepared for by the State and not very well reported. Mr Corbin doesn’t want CU membership as it kills his socialist plan’s for re-nationalisation and other state support plans.
There’s only one reason it’s become messy And that’s the people negotiating it No balls ,literally
That’s it’s tell the world our stance, do you not think we would be in a stronger postion in negotiationing with the EU if they think we have all options on the table ? Have you ever negaotiated any deal ever rule no1 dnt show your cards you keep this conversation private#Brexit
Interesting. I don't think we usually see division of this degree in the states within the parties. It happens once in a while, but I guess it's not usually world news. Brexit seems like a big hairball, glad I don't have to solve it.
Hey, people voted Trump and Brexit... Marvel might be right.
#BackTo60 for ALL #50swomen #OneVoice #JudicialReview #NoDeal
It makes me so proud #Ireland and the #UK have imported people of this wonderful religion and culture. After centuries of our own religious abuse and sectarian violence, bringing these peace loving enlightened people moves us forward. #Irexit #Brexit #YellowVest #YellowVestsUK
The UK housing index has hit a new record since the Brexit Vote. If these idiots at think the same asset holders that are "afraid of Brexit" are "waiting for clarity" before putting their homes for sale and moving I have a bridge to sell them
One way to get things resolved….
‘There is no mandate for Brexit anymore it’s gone’ watch this brilliant interview by which destroys a bucket load of myths and fake news
So we continue with Brexit then fantastic news.
VAT obsolete in a post-Brexit Britain.
Come on ! Here is a new home for you - how amazing is #RightToVote? Thank you so very much, all of you. Winchester voted to remain, we need another chance to make our voices heard louder. Remember 19th Jan, country would have voted to stay anyway.
Although not a Lib-Dem this includes me. I voted, in effect, for the pro-remain candidate in a constituency held by a brexiteer tory. My guy got in.
opens cross-party talks, but isn’t prepared to listen. The insanity of #Brexit continues.
We can change course to a completely different Brexit with FoM, CM&amp;SM.
It may not be the best way of putting across the ongoing change in demographics, but polling data has consistently shown this to be correct. Brexit will not serve the future of this country well.
Then will have no say in #brexit Despite advocating to leave the EU up until the referendum. When, all of a sudden, he decides to opt out of it all together and continues to do so! I hope it’s a pointy fence you sit on Jizzer?
Corbyn tells May that he will only talk #Brexit if she rules out #NoDeal More procrastination. No deal provides a useful smokescreen. What we need Corbyn to say (which he won't) is no talks without a commitment to a #PeoplesVote
Fascinating, though he misses some points. Describing Ulster rpotestants as settlers is a bit anachronistic. And the chumocrats could not have delivered their Brexit choice without the eager endorsement of much of the working class.
"I want a referendum, but not that one" "The people should have a vote, but only when they agree with me" What we need is the California/Switzerland/Ireland approach of a *process* to referendums, rather than trying to use them as spoiling efforts for complex ideas
EU protectionism protects it's members, including the UK until Brexit happens. The EU can't accept your idea because it's contravening the idea of the indivisibility of the four freedoms. Where're citizen rights, FoM, etc in there?
Angels? I think it would send too strong a message to remainers that he is 'propping up Tory Brexit', so I can see why he was careful. As it turns out Caroline Lucas was the one to speak to May &amp; come back to say it's pointless as she won't budge.
If no WA is agreed by 29th March, UK's membership of the EU automatically ends. BBC News - Brexit: EU spells out procedure for UK to leave
#hauliers You only have until 11:59 tomorrow, Friday 18 January, to apply for an ECMT permit that will allow you operate in Europe post-Brexit in the event of a no deal Find out more: #Brexit
Brexit?????
If Corbyn cant sit down and pitch his position I have no interest in his position on brexit
A Brexit lesson in economics for Canadians hoping to profit from anger: Don Pittis
No deal can be taken off the table. The WTO is not the shining star you seem to think. Plus I do not want to see our NHS handed over to the Americans. There is far more at stake here.
It might be worth MP’s noting (incl. yourself), that for every MP, 27,000 + voted to leave, in a general election the result would be considered a landslide; it’s also worth MP’s thinking, how many of these voters voted for them; Brexit is not about what MP’s want, think on.
Yes, please do stop Brexit! I never thought I'd see the day when I was agreeing anything with the likes of Tony Blair and Alistair Campbell, while the Labour leader refuses to take a sensible stand! This is what Brexit has reduced us to! It's monstrous!!
His stance smacks of opportunism similar to the VONC. The desperation for a GE and vagd Brexit position won’t endear him to the wider electorate.
Sums them up perfectly
on another note, if you are stocking up for a no deal brexit, dry peas and beans are great value for money. Cook them with lots of different dry or fresh green seasonings and throw in some veg while they are cooking. Pressure cookers also more fuel efficient. Need to get me one.
Brexit talks: What does the DUP want? - BBC News
How much is it worth to you 'FINANCIALLY' to Trash your own country Mr Farage !!!!
Fascinating book about how the elite regarded ‘the masses’ 100 years ago - stupid, shouldn’t be allowed to vote, or even to reproduce. Thank goodness that kind of attitude is confined to history . . .#Brexit
If you want to rule out a no deal outcome before talks begin, would you agree to stay in the EU if all parties agreed that Brexit was never achievable - asking for my uncle.
the 'treat table' in the office is currently playing host to some dried meal worms and crickets, in what I can only assume is definitely not some grim harbinger of the post-Brexit snackscape
Just how frightening is this!
British PM May Survives Confidence Vote But Faces Immediate Brexit Crisis: Britain… #Ukraine
Elite's don't listen... #GiletsJaunes
Does Labour literally not have anyone who understands the law working on this?
Brexit: Theresa May meeting MPs 'to seek consensus' -
Not running out of time, parliament voted that we leave on the 29th March 2019. #Brexit
No German language skills required to get a sense of today's media take on the Brexit crisis ... #BrexitShambles
Brexit: France activates no-deal plan
funny how Corbyn will unconditionally talk to IRA, Hamas and other terrorist groups but will not negotiate over brexit. I personally don’t think he has a plan for brexit!!
Name the good in the Tory Party.
Nice one Hilary. Would this be categorized as zeugma?
Oh dear. Rentoul of the Independent always though a soft brexit would be negotiated st the last minute. CAREFUL, REMAINERS. Get the tactics right #StopBrexitSaveBritain #StopBrexit #FinalSay #PeoplesVote
Don't know. Was it as evidence that you had you own insurance (i.e. you were putting the rental on your own insurance)? In any case, not needed now to travel back and forth across the border. And illustrates the kind of barriers Brexit brings to the border in Ireland.
Brexit: France activates no-deal plan
"Malign incompetence"--how delicious, I'm going to use this expression at least once every day now!
Brexit means political folly followed by unconscionable, unnecessary disaster.
Real estate industry calls for clarity following Brexit vote
Where the threat to free speech really lies: Something nasty is happening on the grounds of London's Palace of Westminster. And I don't mean the latest horse-trading over Prime Minister Theresa May's Brexit legislation.
Brexit: France activates no-deal plan
creating the best lead #generating #sign up #form #landing pages.get your #landing page done by me.i am Always ready to work with new challenges.. see my offers:
Brexit: France activates no-deal plan
Didn't happen.
Great idea. If she loves her country she will do so.
UK in the EU
The European Union is a Club for big business &amp; not beneficial to the ordinary working person. Politicians also use the E.U as a scapegoat for their own incompetent policies. #Brexit. #Democracy
UK household demand for credit card borrowing plunges at record pace amid Brexit uncertainty - The Independent
&amp; yet Macron has enough time to criticize Brexit.
why are MPs obsessed with a CU when it solves almost nothing? It's the EEA where compromise should be sought. MPs should resolve this, but if not then let voters decide if we leave the EEA or not. At least that'd move us forward and avoid a rerun of the 2016 vote.
Tony Lloyd tells : “You can be absolutely certain, first of all that Labour will move an amendment to whatever the Prime Minister tables, and our amendment will contain the provision that there cannot be a no deal Brexit”
And BBC Scotland today: "Nicola Sturgeon has hinted strongly she's ready to demand a referendum on independence...it's "essential" Scotland be given an alternative to "chaos" of Brexit. She'll set out her thinking within weeks, regardless of whether Brexit process prolonged."
Brexit: France activates no-deal plan
TWEEDLEBYN and TWEEDLEMAY Tweedlebyn and Tweedlemay Agreed they wanted Brexit; But Tweedlebyn said Tweedlemay Had made a hash of exit. Just then the Monstrous Mogg announced, Dressed for a pantomime, “No deal is fine”, and, squarely trounced, They both forgot the time.
Both sides are grandstanding &amp; trying to score points. Both sides need to get it together and talk like adults. Either we cancel it, or we actually iron a deal out. No deal brexit is not a solutions.
WOW #Brexit is really heating up in Ireland. check out this footage I caught!
I voted out. I want out. We should have been out by now but putting a remainer in as PM was asking for trouble. Hard Brexit now is the only answer. Tony Blair should shut up because he’s a spoilt child who was hoping to be the first President of Europe.
+++ May's alternative proposal: "After the 29th of March all EU members but the UK could leave the EU and form a new union with another name (e. g. Union of Europe (UE))" #brexitideas #brexit #eu
Absolutely spot on. The referendum was there precisely because parliament has never agreed. It should NEVER have been given back to parliament. Those Court Judges were indeed the Enemy of the People. Parliament is also now the Enemy of the People. UKs Democracy is on the line.
Hats off. Sir yes Sir.
But then does any party want talks to succeed? The ERG &amp; many other Tories would be furious if JC was seen to be in control. Lab MP Paul Williams also made this int, if obv, point last night: “I don’t think JC will whip for Tory Brexit bc I don’t think trade unions will back it"
This unending uncertainty about the #Brexit outcome is purgatory for those resident in EU countries other than those of our citizenships: continental Europeans in the UK and British citizens eg like us living in France. How much longer?? Only the rich can feel secure now.
BBC News - Brexit: France activates no-deal plan
An important, if depressing read. The ECtHR has become indefensible. Of course, the defeat of BREXIT leaves us lumbered with their lunatic "judgments" which have no basis in law or reason. Strasbourg: Capital of the EU and "The Future of Europe"
It's the only thing leavers and still leavers have to hold onto. #RemainerNow people did the work and realised they were lied to abd we benefit hugely being part of it. Those that only have a delusional belief in brexit don't have anything more than that to contribute .
As opposed to this electoral commission crook and extreme right wing neoliberal lobbyist spouting neoliberal BS of last 45 yrs which has doubled the wealth of the richest and decimated everyone...reject this neoliberal economic apartheid...#brexit #bbcnews #c4news #SkyNews
Delingpole: #Brexit Is Now Hanging by a Thread bad_apps #londoneurope #politics
Why not simply answer honestly and straightforwardly, something like: "I don't support a second referendum because I support brexit, and the policy decided at conference suggesting Labour would support a second referendum when an election was not possible was designed to mislead"
Remainer Chancellor Tells Big Business MPs Will Stop Clean #Brexit in Leaked Call bad_apps
Therefore, should the change not come before a second referendum? I see the UK change. Brexit was dishonest and the threats to our country were not foreseen. In Scotland there will be no change unless we leave EU.
Tory MP pledges second referendum amendment to May's Brexit plan
Hot damn. I never thought I'd see the day when I saw Michael Gove give a rousing speech. #voteofnoconfidence #Brexit
The true “will of the people” looks considerably more questionable if it turns out to be the will of dead people: #Remain #PeoplesVote
Im not sure about that. I think they did want that. Now they are looking at Brexit disaster and thinking where is the hope? Where is the direction? Who is leading?
Home loans slump as Brexit jitters darken the housing picture - Evening Standard
They are not listening
If you want to stop brexit saying you’ll act to keep May in power seems like a pretty poor strategy.
But 56% of the electorate is not "the People's Voice"(TM) - only the 2016 referendum counts, and if 100% of the electorate was against Brexit, "the People's Voice" would still be paramount. Which really goes to show how fucked up this whole thing is.
TREASON FOR WORKING AGAINST THE PEOPLE!
Brexit is correct for UK..
Leaving aside that this is a straight up conspiracy theory, one thing that Corbyn has been absolutely consistent about from 23/6/16 to present is that "no deal" is unconscionable and unthinkable and he will whip Labour MPs to block it by whatever means.
So after putting your self interest before everything, you are now deciding that you all should come together? After a vote? #brexit
I would like a considered thought out immigration policy. This Brexit is a mess..
Emmanuel Macron sums up the chaos of Brexit perfectly in just two minutes
Update on the verge trashing, Brexit voting, noisy dog wielding, Katie Hopkins supporting neighbour housed and protected by : She is an admirer of Enoch Powell too. Seems like there might well have been a racial motive to her antisocial behaviour after all.
" any talks about how to break the Brexit deadlock must be that the threat of a disastrous ‘no deal’ outcome is ruled out. That is the position that Labour set out in our 2017 manifesto, at our 2018 party conference – and that we have consistently adhered to throughout" Truth
Labour will be punished for betraying brexit
Thanks. That's a great article. It chimes with something I wrote in Dec '17.
This 'Juvenile Frog's' attempt at nasty sarcasm is an attempt to win a tiny battle in the 300 year old war. Napoleon showed more respect. Macron would do better to look to the yellow chaos on his own streets not jabbing smarmy blunt knives at us Brits from the gap in his nappy.
Live updates from BBC news on Brexit discussions. "5 Live: Has Peter solved Brexit?" In a word - no. You don't need to know what he actually suggested...
TBH they don’t have MP’s in Westminster, they therefore don’t have a vote in Westminster. No use in a Brexit vote.
I think you might find they are more worried about knife and moped crime rather then Brexit.
Very odd post. The EU Referendum in 2016 was a vote by the People. The decision was put into the hands of the People, and Leave WON. Therefore Brexit=The People.
UK in deadlock over Brexit 'Plan B' as May and Corbyn double down
Tell her, TELL HER
Breitbart: Delingpole: Brexit Is Now Hanging by a Thread
So if Chancellor is telling the business leaders that no-deal will be 'off the table' why can't the PM stand up today and rule out no-deal Brexit for good. A no-deal brexit would be disastrous for jobs, trade, investment and security. The PM needs to rule it out now.
Once an #SDP wrecker, always and #SDP wrecker..... you have absolutely no idea how far from the minds of working class youth #Brexit is Polly.
Via : UK in deadlock over Brexit 'Plan B' as May and Corbyn double down
UK in deadlock over Brexit 'Plan B' as May and Corbyn double down
Breitbart: Remainer Chancellor Tells Big Business MPs Will Stop Clean Brexit in Leaked Call
In their Brexit stand-off, both May and Corbyn are in fear of their own MPs - New Statesman
What on earth has a Palestinian flag got to do with this letter, or Brexit?
So Polls Toynbee reveals what remainers think. #brexit #brexitbetrayal #lettheoldleaversdie
UK in deadlock over Brexit 'Plan B' as May and Corbyn double down
UK in deadlock over Brexit 'Plan B' as May and Corbyn double down: Britain's last-minute scramble to shape its exit from the EU, its biggest policy upheaval in half a century, hit the rocks on Thursday as… #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachKavanaugh #TheResistance
Millions of EU citizens can't access personal records, high court told
Lessons from #Brexit fiasco for #CDNPol, in one easy tweet. Nice job.
Both sides are grandstanding &amp; trying to score points. Both sides need to get it together and talk like adults. Either we cancel it, or we actually iron a deal out. No deal brexit is not a solutions.
Just like the Suez crisis, Brexit humiliation is a stark reminder of Britain’s waning global influence | The Independent
Brexit hurts EU as much as it hurts Britain. Any deal would be mutually beneficial.
A very rare occasion when I agree with the self-serving bafoon Boris Johnson. Whilst all this political drama of can-kicking is happening at Westminster, EU nationals here are increasingly fearing for their futures. Unilateral guarentees of free right to remain are vital #Brexit
Upcoming #H2020 Financial Management Training in #Prague Last places available register here: #HorizonEurope #ResearchImpactEU #EU #EuropeanUnion #Europe #Brussels #CzechRepublic #Czech #Erasmus #Innovation #Funds #Courses #Training #Consultants #Brexit
Another lie. Do you really think that after a no deal Brexit that suddenly 750,00 Germans are going to be made unemployed?
100% correct It was never about the messaging or the reach of the Leave campaigns That was just something already angry, politicised voters coalesced around One of the great Brexit myths Immigration remains unaddressed and toxic I voted on immigration. I would do again
An utter disgrace. Peter shore &amp; Tony Ben will be turning in their graves. WTO rules is the Brexit I voted for. All this of crashing out &amp; catastrophe is garbage. Ive never felt lower as Brit &amp; Englishman as I do today. Disgusting.
Brexit and no-confidence vote: When will May budge?
Brexit LIVE: 'Treacherous' Hammond's plot to WITHDRAW Art 50 and block no deal - REVEALED
France triggers €50M ‘hard Brexit’ contingency plan – POLITICO
"Brexit has shown us that you can lose by winning. Because when you have created an angry &amp; committed group of suppporters, you create angry &amp; committed opposition. And there's no one to fight 4 the moderate solutions that would be better 4 everyone."
most blairite centrists are just more opposed to corbyn than they're to brexit
I agree austerity has been strangling our country for years but unfortunately we only have about 70 days to deal with Brexit, that is the priority at the moment. Corbyn needs to stop being so stubborn and put the country before himself and his party.
To demand that article 50 be extended, that a 2nd referendum should be considered and that a no-deal Brexit be ruled out does practically nothing to contribute to a discussion about what a post-Brexit deal or relationship with the EU looks like.
If Brexit was your #1 catalyst to move from the UK then you would have already put your house up for sale and made the proper arrangements just like EVERYONE ELSE has done since the 2016 vote. So if the RE crash was going to happen it would have already happened.
The way you say your completely against living without a deal sounds that it in someways affects you. Do you live in the UK?. Did you vote in the Brexit referendum?.
No deal Brexit mean we can build two nuclear power stations, Tax payer owned, sell electricity into the market, if British people need cheaper power then we turn up the dial and force price down. Instead being in hoc to foreign co's who inflate power costs.
How will Brexit affect Dublin Investments and the hotel sector in 2019? Learn More February 12th
asks: What next or Labour? #Brexit
Jeremy Corbyn made a speech in Hastings today, laying out his Brexit strategy. We found out St-Mary-in-the-Castle, the venue of the speech, has received millions in EU funding. Full story:
Brexit: France activates no-deal plan
42% support Remain, 15% support May's deal and 28% support No Deal. The referendum was won by putting two antithetical versions of Brexit into the same box. That is not democracy it is misrepresentation.
Is still the Prime Minister? #brexit
Investment will include new infrastructure at ports and border and 600 extra staff. #Brexit #NoDeal
Mystic Michelle's crystal ball must have fogged up #buckstop
Corbyn's saying that some things are more important than honouring the 2016 referendum result, and avoiding the disaster of a No Deal Brexit is one of them. From any other politician you'd call it wise and statesmanlike.
Brexit was always a cross party issue, what changed? We need to know if EU has any appetite for a permanent customs union and what price we would pay. Will it get me my pony?
Essential reading from #brexit #Article50
Why Has USA Media BLACKEDOUT Their Favorite #Globalist #Rockstars #Macron &amp; #Trudeau As Paris Riots Revolt Against Macron Enter 9Th Week &amp; #YellowJackets Begin Canada Revolt? #Eu Crumbles #Trump Restore USA &amp; Europe Democracy #Winning #MAGA
I suppose if I'm being completely fair Jeremy is actually talking to the PM here, albeit in public and in writing. And I agree with him about No Deal. Everyone agrees with him about No Deal. It's a start. A slow one.
More people voted to leave the EU than have ever voted for anything in the history of our island. Just get on with it. WTO Brexit ensures our sovereignty
May fights to find a Brexit plan after surviving confidence vote Corbyn, sturgeon and may, what job could they really do, nothing, so thats why they are politicians because they are useless.
It’s 2052: BREXIT is a word used to describe the worst pull-out game. EVER!
#Macron has lost all of his credibility amongst people with sanity... You pushing this "dangerous" narrative of no deal #Brexit is just hopeless. We all know that you're no more than a cheap tool paving the way for a #Brexit cancel.
The problem surely is "taking no deal off the table" has to mean cancel/postpone Brexit in the absence of a deal? How else do you guarantee a no deal Brexit won't happen? If this is so, he should ditch the slogans and spell it out. If he means something else he should say so.
Swiss Toni, Bulldog, Alpacas and ‘disorderly Brexit’: ’s column on why, when it comes to Brexit planning, Manzoni and Sedwill appearing before were “a bit damned if they do, damned if they don’t”
And if we ditch 'No Deal' publicly what negotiation power do have with the EU?
Compromise? Shall we compromise on you being elected? You don't want compromise, you want to stop Brexit.
We are leaving as the default position is to. #Brexit
He's using Brexit as a means to a GE which he thinks he'll win. He also wants pout of the EU.
I assume you know that this is quite obviously ridiculous and untrue. Why say such stupid things - it’s dishonest, and just makes supporters of a no deal Brexit look like idiots.
What I like about Jo's legal text is that it reverses the running down the clock. If the Brexit-boys have a reasonable solution they are now forced to come up with it rather than where we are now where everyone but the Brexit-boys are looking for solutions.
Corbyn Says Referendum an Option as He Snubs May: Brexit Update
What happened to being obliged to present MPs with a new #Brexit plan B within three days of losing the vote ? Are we saying Plan B is running down the clock further to #nodeal A second vote on the 29th thus continuing to blackmail parliament ! #PeoplesVote
I think if you ran for PM? You would Win! #Brexit should have been Done by now, Too bad Trump couldn't have Negotiated the deal for you guys!
#TheresaMay appears to be rising from the dead more times than Lazarus. Is she doing a good job? We're still no nearer to #Brexit than Venus is to the moon (watch the night sky: the two are destined to elude each other forever). "Downing Street"
Just stop and think, why do all these millionaires want brexit, mmmmm. Look at the mps who support brexit, mmmmm. Getting the point?
I doubt that anything like this was ever included in the history text books of the young chumocracy. #SavageTruth
Which is why pro-Brexit Conservatives are preparing to blame Remainers for those #nodeal #brexit risks going bad
Chaotic Brexit getting ‘dangerously close’: German business group – POLITICO
Let’s keep saying this.
It means reconsidering my identity. It means getting my Irish passport &amp; applying for my three daughters. Brexit means a revelation of how much xenophobia &amp; intolerance there is in the UK. Brexit is a realisation of how people can be manipulated if they lean a certain way.
You’re betting on the wrong horse Tom.
Don't know what's the big deal. Emery's building a proper brexit club for a proper brexit future. Sell ozil. With the funds we can finally afford Rory delap and Ryan Shawcross. Mastermind
This
France activates no-deal Brexit plan
Very odd tweet. The EU Referendum in 2016 was a vote by the People. The decision was put into the hands of the People, and Leave WON. Therefore Brexit=The People.
Lose on Brexit, but win a no confidence vote. Go figure.
Speaking to , Sinn Féin President said the DUP's reckless #Brexit position is actively working against the economic, social and political interest of every man, woman and child who lives on this island
The EU is operated on behalf of large corporations who have an army of lobbyists in Brussels making sure that every rule and regulation imposed entrenches their own position and makes it more difficult for smaller businesses to grow and compete. It’s why they want to stop Brexit.
This, the meetings with oppo leaders, the army on standby, it’s all a charade. She continues to run down the clock on MP’s to bounce them into the WA.
There was no option to vote to remain in the Brexit deal vote
"uhh if you like your Brexit red lines, you can keep your Brexit red lines"
Both sides are grandstanding &amp; trying to score points. Both sides need to get it together and talk like adults. Either we cancel it, or we actually iron a deal out. No deal brexit is not a solutions. We need leaders not cockwobbles.
‘No Deal’ on Brexit Is the Best Deal for Britain and the United States
About the same as the number of PSs who support #NoDeal Brexit, yet that is the law passed by Parliament.
Maybe they need to reflect on their career choice if they keep missing the well stated labour brexit stance. Lots of ordinary folks know it so why don’t so called journalists, news programmes etc
Wonderful wonderful writing on the incompetent british elites and how they messed up India and also their own country.
James O’Brien made the point perfectly tho and I have seen with family and work colleagues. Brexit will happen. It will be a disaster. They don’t think it will. When it is a disaster they will blame remainers and the EU not themselves.
No for Brexit Deal, Yes for May. And What for Gold? - Don't want to miss winning trades? =&gt;
#Brexit : #EU Barnier: Agreement negotiated with PM May govt is the best possible.: If Britain wants a deal that goes beyond free trade, ...
Euro and Sterling movement after the Parliament Brexit vote - Don't want to miss winning trades? =&gt;
I would put #Mourinho in charge of Brexit. He would moan so much that Europe would give in to all demands! Also this is the third year since the referendum, he's a pro at leaving in the third year and getting a big payout!!
Well spoken...sentiments of soooo many of us
BBC News - Reality Check: What are EU countries doing to prepare for a no-deal Brexit?
Yes lets take asvice from your opposition strategy and then could be as well regarded in the polls as the ‘lets have a real referendum on Europe, but only if you decide to agree with us’ Pathetic from the party of nothing.
. also encouraged malicious prosecution of a fellow MP without exercising proper care.
In practice? No idea. Probably by pushing something like a no deal backstop through – eg 'if no deal is approved by March 28, this house withdraws A50'. But in principle, it would have to start with her saying "I will not allow a No Deal Brexit to happen". Which she won't say!
JCBarnier tells us that a no deal Brexit is our trump card and no one else heard the message? We are in the driving and have been since article 50 was invoked! Blair, May and Corbyn couldn’t agree less!
Special thanks to the #Brexit the only show with so many cliffhangers that helped me to get through the past 18 months without
He's a man of conviction, except he hasn't been convicted yet.
Tory voters, are you happy with your purchase? Please, keep calm and enjoy some lazy 71 days ’till #brexit!
Brexit: France activates no-deal plan
Pop Quiz Who voted for what Generally voted against a right to remain for EU nationals already in living in the UK Generally voted for a right to remain for EU nationals already in living in the UK Anna Soubry Jeremy Corbyn Which one do you think #FBPE Heaps praise over #Brexit
Brexit metaphor alert
We voted to leave Europe with or without a deal, if they take no deal off the table it's not brexit it's treachery.
Surely they cannot withdraw article 50 because it would undermine Democracy across the world. We have to go through with it even if it means a no deal brexit which would be as damaging to the EU as it would us. Which ideally no one would want.
Ignoring the daft headline this was given, it’s one of the strongest arguments I’ve seen against #PeoplesVote. Anyone come across convincing counter-arguments (that preferably don’t rely on Leave voters dying)?
May survives, but the Brexit battle resumes
Just filmed tonight’s political show with , talking Brexit and police cuts
Traitor
UK Could Nix No-Deal Brexit, Delay Article 50, Hammond Tells Business Leaders
I have a sneaking suspicion she'll just run out the clock until Brexit. Freedom of Movement then ends.
corbettreport - The Controlled Demolition of Brexit - #NewWorldNextWeek via
'The reality is that whenever Brexit does happen it is only understandable that there will be element of us being shut out by European festivals in those countries.'
The answer is written on the side of a bus and it’s not Brexit.
Factbox: UK PM May’s Brexit ‘plan B’ – What happens next in parliament? - CreaWorldNews -
Doesn't the stupid man realise that if we take No Deal off the table, the EU would laugh out loud and would have our testicles in a very firm grip.
Whenever I see a #Leaver say something along the lines of 'we won two world wars, we can rebuild again' I think, hang on, the country is working just fine, people have jobs, Europeans are our friends and work colleagues, where have your opportunities and benefits of #Brexit gone?
Seen the tweet re: facebook delete accounts and yesterday i saw the same for this brexit group it is no coincidence they are censoring voices...
.. and these are the people who tell us they can find an answer to Brexit.
Dank u, merci, thank you #Brexit
Poll: Support for staying in EU at highest level since referendum – POLITICO
Weird then to claim that, in fact, he wants a disastrous Brexit. Were that the case he would be just sitting back and running down the clock rather than say demanding the PM rules out no deal, supporting motions and amendments to block no deal, etc etc.
‘Got any relatives working for the federal government?’ ‘Yes …’ ‘How’s that working out for them?’ ‘…’
#brexit propaganda Just received 2nd copy of #leaver junk through the post Is this legal?
Many of us are tired but as determined as ever to #RescueOurRights. We have been urging both sides, the &amp; , to do the only sensible thing, to take our #citizensrights off the table. To ring-fence them no matter what Brexit outcome. We are still hopeful
Brexiteer concern about civil disorder if their version of Brexit isn't recognised and implemented galls rather a lot to me.
Tom Peck wilfully ignorant
#SemiBrexit I'm in
The latest La #Politica dei #Politici! Thanks to #salvini #brexit
My anger is nothing to do with Brexit. It's more about twats like you. I believe in democracy. I've voted on things that haven't gone my way. But I have to accept it. It's the will of the people. No one's lied to me. I come to my own conclusions.
When Corbyn gets his No Deal and chaos fails to materialize then Corbyn will have saved Brexit but Gove will be PM instead of him. :-)
Indeed....
terrible journalism from class maintained by #Brexit
The Lib Dems have been fighting for a #PeoplesVote with option to remain in the EU for 2 years - great to see we’re winning the support of the majority of the country. The will of the people is now to remain according to latest polls #Brexit
They would not respect a losing second vote, then have a third... Best of three? But if losing all three, then what?
Don't know. Was it as evidence that you had you own insurance (i.e. you were putting the rental on your own insurance)? In any case, not needed now to travel back and forth across the border. And illustrates the kind of barriers Brexit brings to the border in Ireland.
#TenYearChallenge ten years of conservative government and brexit will bring this
Brexit negotiations going on without Corbyn or Sturgeon. Sounds perfect to me!
also said Article 50 rescinded. He's been sat there sabotaging since day one. What a price the Tories will pay for this mans folly and arrogance
Oddly I agree but then again neither did soft brexit hard brexit or a people’s vote if we vote the wrong way. The point being it was end FOM, leave the customs union and ECJ oversight. Show me a brexit that delivers that other than leave wto
That’s a good question, albeit a sad one. Both leaders are utterly vengeful, immovable, deluded + have surrounded themselves with nodding yes-voices. It’s only a matter of time before The Great KerPlunk Game of Brexit drops all the marbles, as the last ‘stick of truth’ is pulled.
Now takes us on a pictorial journey through #Brexit &amp; #fisheries law &amp; management
Ooops we got into the press again! Read our stories in our books!
Millions would never vote Labour or Tory ever again if we stay in a CU. It will be UKIP until we get a real brexit.
Philip Hammond is a key reason why Tories have messed up Brexit. Constantly undermining UK negotiating leverage. The Tories have failed us.
evil
“U up?” “Yes wud?” “Thinking about you. Brexit and chill?”
Scottish Government responding to this demographic emergency by playing Barry White via tannoy across Scotland
Morale at the Foreign Office is low....... ...as the prospect of cushy EU sinecures and gold-plated pensions disappears. Let me hear the rats at RemainCentral squeal! Drown me in their Brexit tears
Watched Brexit: the Uncivil War last night on . Great drama, brilliantly captures the division and the tactics used by the Exit campaign to use this to their advantage.
So May sees the self-harm that is a no deal brexit as a bargaining chip. Is she ripping off Mel Brooks by any chance?
Daniel .. times up Hard Brexit incoming ....
What was on the news before #Brexit ?????
“As partition comes home, threatening bloodshed in Ireland &amp; secession in Scotland, &amp; an unimaginable chaos of no-deal Brexit looms, ordinary British people stand to suffer from the exit wounds once inflicted by Britain’s bumbling chumocrats on millions of Asians &amp; Africans.”
We voted to take back control. #Brexit
"Tories know exactly what they are doing". They hide it very well.
Exciting! Politicians talking #Brexit...
This 'crsis' is being caused by you bafoons. We #VoteLeave and you think you have the right to ignore democracy #brexit
We are not supposed to #LEAVE - the overwhelming evidence...that everybody with half a brain has seen from the start is that...#Brexit is something that can’t happen...it’s going to cause too much strain on the UK economy
Holy shit! #brexit #hardborder
I don't want another referendum. I just want parliament to treat the previous one as the opinion poll that it was and to discuss the pros and cons of the EU. I'm fed up with the PM screeching that 'the public voted for a hard Brexit'. No we didn't. There was no hard/soft option.
Subscribe Here to get a few chapters for FREE from the book Please #RT #gold #silver #stocks #trading #trades #markets #Investing #today #rich #education #hope #dreams #Giveaway #free #positivity #focus #goals #life #money #success #fun #levelup #brexit
May is also a bad smell. She just won't bugger off. She won't let anyone else handle Brexit properly. She's worse than Thatcher in her "I am Govt" ego. Look at the NHS announcement-shouldnt the Health Minister have dealt with that?
And she was in such a rush to trigger Article 50
Taiwan objects to Britain's post-Brexit WTO services trade arrangement
"NOTHING HAS CHANGED - BREXIT IS BREXIT" etc etc repeat to fade...
May fights to find cross-party Brexit plan after confidence vote
Actually, it’s Leninism
Here are the 29 ways YOU will be affected by a #nodeal #Brexit
May fights to find cross-party Brexit plan after confidence vote
This is no way to treat full members of our society.
Labour right-wingers are trying to find an alternative basis of legitimacy for their worldview through citizens assemblies (in other words #focusgroups) - risks undermining voters and representative democracy #democracy #brexit
- TM will rule out any meaningful changes to her Brexit policy because it'd risk splitting her party in two. That's literally where we are. The literal options on the table right now, unchangeable as of last night's confidence vote, are Mays deal or No Deal...
UPDATE 2-UK in deadlock over Brexit ‘Plan B’ as May and Corbyn double down
We have been featured today. Our co-founder Bernd Radaschitz discusses our heritage, work and plans for the future: #Brexit #CEO #heritage #artisans
Quite right.
'Remainer Phil' Tells Corporates MPs Will Stop Clean Brexit in Leaked Call via
Philip Hammond is a key reason why Tories have messed up Brexit. Constantly undermining UK negotiating leverage. The Tories have failed us.
Thread.
Poll: Support for staying in EU at highest level since referendum
Goody gumdrops.
All you need to do is get public support for what you want. Right now the only reason you talking about ending your contract is because you know that if brexit is given back to the public in the form of a vote. Brexit is over.
Goody gumdrops.
Not substantial enough to deflect from Brexit though...
Must be gutted , Shilton and Dean Saunders piling on now. Brexit Brigade.
Philip Lee MP says a large number of remain-supporting MPs have received death-threats, which stops at least one of them from coming out in support of remain!
Either these are negotiating positions that surprise you with the compromises arrived at by Labour or the EU.... Or we would have no Labour brexit. Again. What is your problem with these options?
Good to hear her was one of the senior MPs that met with today to discuss #Brexit. Pity he wasn’t involved from day one.
Thursday briefing: Take no-deal Brexit off table, Corbyn demands – The Guardian
Michael Gove delivered a good speech, but he is a snake and a weasel who no one trusts after backstabbing Boris and Brexit in general, I can't believe in someone I don't and can't trust, he will turn at the drop of a hat, and has sold us down the river backing May and her deal
This is what news used to be like before Brexit
Have to say this makes a lot of sense when looking at Labour's current position on Brexit. Something needs to shift.
Member News - Addleshaw Goddard head outlines firm’s #Manchester plans, plus discusses Brexit and getting the #NorthernPowerhouse back on the agenda:
Blaming brexit for housing slump £20,000 to £50,000 for a deposit how many young people have that in their banks there as been many companies closing Green sold BHS £1 Steve Rowe M&amp;S closing more stores this year not just stores many plp redundant afraid of losing jobs.
Mary Poppins hunts zombies in a post-Brexit apocalypse in kinda plausible 'Late Show' sketch
Economist's view: #wages, #hiring challenges and #Brexit - three things to look out for this year
I actually agree with this, mostly.
It's a good thing for the UK that it brexit deal failed. UK needs a clean break. UK will get that in March if they're politicians don't mess things up. Why can't the UK and Germany negotiate deals one on one. Instead of having Germany tell them what the deal will be.
#Muslim #Brexit #AFD #London Muhammad: An 'excellent example'?
100% this! Also, 's excellent book 'Heroic Failure - Brexit and The Politics of Pain' beautifully dissects this fuck ugly situation and should be required reading for, well, pretty much everyone.
Yup, that’s about it
Theresa May is warned that a softer Brexit option would cause Conservative party to explode. (Yaaaaaay!)
MEPs back plans to freeze funds to 'corrupt' EU states: Battle over post-Brexit budget expected from countries accused of flouting rule of law The European parliament has backed plans to cut EU funds to member states that undermine the rule of law or…
An excellent take on the historical echoes of #brexit "the aggressive ignorance of English Brexiteers" The Malign Incompetence of the British Ruling Class
Tell MPs: work cross-party to fix Brexit. Add your name now via
- take no deal AND no Brexit off the table. This is a fair compromise &amp; FORCES a compromise solution from Parliament
Jeremy Corbyn made a speech in Hastings today, laying out his Brexit strategy. We found out St-Mary-in-the-Castle, the venue of the speech, has received millions in EU funding. Full story:
Factbox: UK PM May’s Brexit ‘plan B’ – What happens next in parliament?
Brilliantly bleak.
Brexit has turned in to one big yer but, yer but, what-about-ist, tirade of misinformation. Where were all these ‘I told you so’ experts when we needed them? Please can we have a Brexit mute button?
They want no deal off the table as they are fully aware that no deal is the only way we can leave the EU properly. They want to stop Brexit so with no deal off the table any WA is Brexit in name only.
PS: not the leaders who voted for Brexit.
Thread.
Not at all. May knows Brexit is damaging but doesn't want to go against 'will of the people'. But so far May cannot rely on Remain actually winning 2nd referendum. If lost, Brexit is definitely unavoidable. So first Remain majority needs to grow. Remember last ref's predictions?
Unwanted? Tens of thousands marching in 2018 Polls are giving clear indication of indy in favour over #brexit . I know, you don‘t want it. It could mean either Your IQ is roughly at room temperature or you don‘t care. In both cases you aren‘t fit for the job #indyref2 #scotref
How the UK will get through brexit via
Worried about a #nodeal #brexit? We are, too! But at least we have a humorous #book so you can remember more simple times! we_love_europe @ Travelling Through
Delingpole: Brexit Is Now Hanging by a Thread via
"I charge the House of Commons in a contempt of not really handling the matter in the best concerns of the constituents who gave May a mandate, obviously, those MPs could not gain a consensus, even in negotiations, plick &amp; pluck those ideals of what #Brexit really means: INDpndce
I say we go further. In the post apocalyptic landscape that will be Brexit we should cull the population at 30. Any that don't comply will be hunted by agents we could call Sandmen. The rest will be burned alive in an event called Carrousel......
Remainer Chancellor Tells Big Business MPs Will Stop Clean Brexit in Leaked Call
This is an interesting post by Prof. Alex DeRuyter's Brexit department ( ) at Birmingham City University ( )
Just noticed Tony Blair is trending?! instead of being dead the war criminal is apparently talking sense about brexit, that makes the past all ok then.
Delingpole: Brexit Is Now Hanging by a Thread
In case you're still looking, used to work in the European Parliament mythbusting Brexit headlines and briefing on a range of Brexit issues, now work on democracy in Europe more generally
Much to enjoy in this piece by Pankaj Mishra, but the idea that the British ruling class has finally come to the end of itself may prove to be optimistic for decades yet.
Remain lost by a small margin, leave won by a small margin, and years after the vote we were being told by the leader of the conservative party that 'Brexit means Brexit'. We are a laughing stock and we all stand to lose.
Brexit means the distinguished European nation of Scotland being torn from its membership of a like-minded international partnership by a delusional, xenophobic (but numerically superior) neighbour to the south.
Larry Elliot - one of the few commentators around offering a nuanced understanding of the reasons behind the original Brexit vote
UK wants to leave the EU, Theresa May came up with article 50 and it was a shit show... This will definitely be a hard brexit with no deal in sight
How many of the panel voted Remain in the Brexit referendum? 4 out of 5?
If means she wants to honour the people’s vote to #Brexit then show it by sacking arch-Remainers from the cabinet starting with treacherous Philip Hammond.
Or at least until apologises for so eloquently and accurately burning his arse in the House of Commons yesterday evening!
All cos of what Ken Clarke said about May a few years ago - it’s now the label stuck to her by those who can’t think of anything constructive to say about Brexit hell. There’s visceral dislike of her which isn’t helpful or healthy (I’m not a Tory really)
‘Remainer Phil‘ Tells Corporates MPs Will Stop Clean Brexit in Leaked Call via
The real problem is that our HOC/HOL will not reform themselves. They will only submit to the will of the people by force.
Brace yourself for a second presentation of her Withdrawal plan - with “no deal” in the background - brace yourself for 2nd no confidence motion - touch and go if it is successful or not - then brace brace brace for a “no deal” Brexit
The latest The news-politix Daily! Thanks to #brexit #rilresults
This should worry the EU as it is exactly what is going to happen.
There May not be a majority in Parliament for a ‘No Deal’ Brexit but there may well be a majority in the country, amongst thousands of people, for a ‘No Deal’! Parliament remember, the referendum was NOT about what THEY wanted, it was about what the PEOPLE wanted!
Must watch this comedy.
Also says he hasn't heard from Karen Bradley. Asked if cabinet/shadow cabinet chats will take place: “Conversations may well take place but it will be clear to everybody that Labour won’t enter into a meaningful discussion until and unless that no deal Brexit is ruled out."
Willie wants a second referendum, just not one that would allow the Scotland to make decisions about its future. He’d rather we were tethered to a broken Westminster system that’s led THEM into this Brexit mess.
45 yrs of your neoliberal BS...big business and wealthy elites prosper...everyone else screwed..#bbcnews #Brexit #skynews #c4news
Brexit: France activates no-deal plan - BBC News
And I asked you to show me the legislation calling for conscription. Which you can't. Because you're talking our of your arse. And you're doing that because now that a brexit deal has been written down, you can see that it's shit but you don;t have the courage to admit it.
Why a general election may be the only way to save Brexit |
Are they the same ones cheered on outside Parliament? The ones that, according to him, were shouting stop Brexit?
Investors shouldn't want to make "Even more money"...creeping Socialism...what a shock coming from a Brit..what next... A vote for Brexit...that the government won't honour because the people didn't vote the way "They" wanted...oh yes...that has already happened...sad little man!
Brexit: France activates no-deal plan
Call me crazy and uniformed but cross party talks and ruling out a "no deal brexit" seems like things that should have happen BEFORE the article 50 notice was submitted?
Certainly not on Brexit, no. But the ability to understand and work with those with another point of view is an essential skill in life. Would be good if and could learn from the .
Hi . I was wondering if there was any update into the ongoing police investigations into #Brexit? They would want to get a move on!
Meanwhile at the BBC: 'If Europe's ports are underwater, Brexit may seem less important: we're expanding climate change coverage':
No, the lesson of Brexit is that our so called partner is a moron and we deserve better.
This ongoing lie buhs the ctap put of me to... the general election was in NO way a mandate for Brexit. If we had PV, then maybe it could've gone that way. Maybe a centrist Labour leader may have set out a remain manifesto, but it would've probably split the members in two.
It was the usual empty platitudes that May has been spouting for the past 2 years, so even a casual park football match would be more enlightening. For the news junkies BBC2 is just a click away, another non-story. #Brexit
Frank Field wasn’t concerned for himself. He was disgusted at a)significant change for some pensioners b)underhand/stealth like way the government chose to announce this when all eyes on #brexit TBH "normal business" has been left on the backburner for 2.5 yrs due to #brexit
If you you believe the media today #Labour and #jeremycorbyn are the problem with #BrexitShambles #Brexit all because the #Tories fucked it up...why should JC be her political lifeboat?
The savage Brexit letter that doesn't pull any punches via
Unlike the 4-5 million Brits that will lose their jobs, these hard Brexiteers won't starve! Populism and nationalism are two massive anchors on any society! These folks, that lied us into Brexit, believe we are fools and we've proven them right! Extend article 50! Do it right!
Forgive me if I’m being pedantic here, but it’s not 72 working days til Brexit right? I know people may still work at weekends but legislation etc... My calculation makes it 51 days?
Theresa May Needs to Beware Parliamentary Plots
Brexit: France activates no-deal plan
Actually the default position should be no brexit. You said you wanted to look for a new house, May found a worse one, trying to find another now, and if she can’t, well we stay where we are . And not live in the street.
Tick tock brexit clock
at the point where everything feels like a brexit metaphor
The EU has repeatedly said there's no other deal on offer now, May's deal, No Brexit or no deal are your only options, you need to make up your mind.
The UK housing market has slowed to a pace not seen in nearly a decade as Brexit fears freeze demand for mortgages and credit cards.
There's only one word that encapsulates what the vile Toynbee is but I rarely use it. #Brexit #BrexitVote #FBPE #PeoplesVote
Crunch Brexit Vote Could Be Delayed Until January 21, Theresa May Suggests |
Something has to give, PM needs to whip the conservative party into respecting the Lancaster house promises and the DUP will vote to get Brexit through. Free Trade deals (many of which the frame work has been done) and a copy and paste of the Canada FTA with a few tweaks. DONE !
4/1 Remain Brexit - The privatixation of the BBC cant come too soon
No deal OFF the table. Article50 #informtoeducate Back the forgotten 63% of the eligible voters who did not vote to Leave and have not been respected.
For a fresh new approach? #Brexit
UK Parliament to vote on May's Brexit 'Plan B' on Jan 29 -
12% lead for Remain in YouGov poll, that's TWELVE percent, Teresa, still bleating about 2016 like it was case closed
Spot-on. Pyrrhic War would be more accurate. This is why "no deal" isn't a threat to so many leavers as much as the result they're actively seeking - because they either fetishise national hardship or, a la Farage, Johnson, Rees-Mogg and warehouse owners, they'll profit from it.
Should have thought about that before adolf mercal and Heinrick macron got nasty
Probably not fair to throw stones right this second- but I did get a good laugh even though you know what's coming.
David is making the mistake of thinking old Labour. Labour Brexit policy is straightforward: ensure a chaotic Brexit, blame the Tories, get elected on the ensuing chaos. People like Corbyn and McDonnell have wanted chaos for decades, simply to gain power. It’s in their DNA.
Totally agree with here. One of the few commentators who deals with facts on the ground instead of advocating a fantasy scenario. We should be perusing a practical course towards a compromise.
This is the man who ‘says it how it is’. An absolute arrogant arsehole. Tells morons what they want to hear more like! #Farage #brexit #traitor
Salient sense from Fint.
He's put a lot of effort into making sure UK politics went AWOL. He doesn't want to harm the EU - he wants an EU that is more friendly to him. He'll get that if we stop Brexit. No Euro Putin-affiliated populist party really wants to leave the EU. They want to take it over.
There should have been a Threshold of say 60-40 for any action to be taken on Brexit. The only reason there was not is that it was non-legally binding, advisory only. Hear it for yourself. More proof that this not not even be happening now
This is no way to treat anybody.
Video: Barnier destroys claim Corbyn can't renegotiate Brexit - "EU immediately ready" via
Sounds like jobs creation to me.
Does anyone else hear HARD Brexit and a part of you is arises for absolutely no good reason? I’m just being stimulated by anything ...
Less spygate and Brexit, more pictures of dogs please.
Something's seriously wrong with this democracy when so few people can be paid £1Billion of OUR public money to decide on the future of our country Instead of campaigning for #PeoplesVote why don't they campaign for a corruption-free democracy? &amp; Investigate #Brexit dark money?
Has this idiot not retired? Brexit is the people.
Trident-supporting CND member gets it wrong again. #Brexit #leadershipmatters #Corbyn
#Brexit LibDems who are mad n the worlds greatest swingy wingy junto party, in their supreme fencability, have actually stuck 2 a point:2nd REFERENDUM.If Br is reversed,the nation has beaten politicians!If we still vote Leave, by virtue of hard Br, we’ll have destroyed Ourselves!
Important thread on No Deal Brexit
Get ready for the domino effect after #brexit......... #grexit #itexit #polexit
LOL. Enjoy brexit. It'll be fun to see the Sterling Pound value at 0,5 € per £
Vince Cabel is telling Corbyn to back a #PeoplesVote instead of playing an un-winnable game of politics - and actually making a no-deal Brexit more likely!
CBC Advice: Don't criticize Govt or their Plutocrat Masters on important matters or else! "Brexit warning to Canadians that manufacturing political division has economic consequences" #submission
Philip Hammond is a key reason why Tories have messed up Brexit. Constantly undermining UK negotiating leverage. The Tories have failed us.
I dunno, give me £1m personally and I'll switch to Remain. Well... I'd certainly tell you I voted Remain at least.
Opinion | The Malign Incompetence of the British Ruling Class - The New York Times
Vince: Lib Dems are the party of Remain. Just Remain, no other policies thnx. Also Vince Cable: *Straight into talks to bail out TM's Brexit plans*
We have a public, but quiet &amp; slow, special investigation at national &amp; state levels. Bad actors don't just stop using strategies that have proven successful for them. Remainers should push for an independent investigation of financial spending in Brexit &amp; rubles to Leave leaders
UK in deadlock over Brexit ‘Plan B’ as May and Corbyn double down
Brits, do you realize your voice doesn't matter? Voluntarily castrating yourselves.....STAND UP AND FIGHT THE GLOBALISTS! Brexit: Goodbye United Kingdom, hello dis-United Kingdom
"It’s a bit like playing strip-poker with someone who’s an exhibitionist. They don’t care about economic costs. They care about sovereignty. We just assumed that they had the same interests and the same costs as we do, and they don’t.” -
Hope you're right. European "erasmus project" in all over english univercity's is also in danger to stop if brexit comes. Brexit must be stopped!!
Theresa May lives on as PM—but Brussels is in charge of Brexit
The Tories are in gov &amp; we’re behind leaving &amp; have a mandate for it. Corbyn’s pro Brexit tho some Labour MP’s aren’t LibDem/Green advocate remain &amp; another vote. If the polls showed millions of remain voters switched to LibDem/Green you’d see panic in both main parties
Corbyns vision of brexit with a customs union, single market would lead to us giving up the things which were paramount to leavers, such as freedom of movement.....the EU wouldn’t grant entry to a customs union/single market unless we gave them this.
It's not a threat it's a promise. The lesson of Brexit is that Scotland should have secured membership of the EU by voting YES in 2014.
Read the latest HMRC update around Brexit:
WTO LETS GO
What. Because he supports brexit.
Perhaps. One of the ways the rebels have made clear they wish to influence the government is to prevent the government from transacting its ordinary business in the HoC. Nothing is likely to be done until some resolution occurs on Brexit.
She's only interested in what font they would like to see the Withdrawal Agreement printed in and not in changing it.
EU’s Barnier: Brexit agreement negotiated with UK PM May is best possible #Europe #UnitedKingdom #Politics #Brexit
Hypocrite....desperate for a second referendum on Brexit but not Scottish Independence. Tool
I liked your piece, and largely agree with it all. I haven't seen many people advocating a simple cancelling of Brexit without recourse to another referendum. I am sure some do, but that must be a v fringe position, no?
The latest The Blue Times! #folha #brexit
The Gilets Jaunes are unstoppable: One of the mysteries to me since Trump's election has been the steadfast refusal of many intelligent people to contemplate the reasons why he won, why the gilets jaunes are rebelling in France, why the Brexit vote, why
#Palladium surges to new record on tight fundamentals
Carlaw and Leonard avoiding the important stuff like Brexit, unionists are a waste of space
What is there to defend? Deranged and desperate #theresamay has ignored every other party for two and half years on #brexit - including half of her own #tory party... #Corbyn defends refusal to talk to May without #nodeal pledge
Upcoming #H2020 Financial Management Training in #Prague Last places available register here: #HorizonEurope #ResearchImpactEU #EU #EuropeanUnion #Europe #Brussels #CzechRepublic #Czech #Erasmus #Innovation #Funds #Courses #Training #Consultants #Brexit
Best option is a new referendum from your people . Option a : no brexit, option b : Hard brexit , all others is move to indefinite
Wishful thinking : Hold a Second Brexit Referendum via
David Cameron's motive for calling the Brexit referendum has been much discussed but the main thing is we got one, it was time we had another say on our links with the European Union.
So no downtime on the Velar &amp; SVR since the brexit is canceled?
Phew! We need to be on the right side of history which means Left Against Brexit
Amerislamunderway Brexit: France activates no-deal plan
When previous Labour leaders who refused to observe party policy, Corbyn and his wing of the party have been quick to call this out. Strangely, now that Jeremy appears not to be following party policy on Brexit those same folk are silent. Odd that.
This is a good letter and the right way forward.
An insight into why the likes of relish the unaccountable power and relentless gravy train of the EU. #Brexit #PeoplesVote #LeaveMeansLeave #NoDeal
So they are sensible enough not to take No Deal off the table.Our careerist political class are truly dire...even at politics.
A No-Deal Brexit Would Be Catastrophic For British Banking Sector – U.K. Finance Chief
Philip Hammond is a key reason why Tories have messed up Brexit. Constantly undermining UK negotiating leverage. The Tories have failed us.
Yes quite. I like the socialist bit, it's the disaster part that troubles me here in England. Disaster socialists are aligned with disaster capitalists &amp; those caught in the middle have no representation. Might move up your way if you'll have us at that point, if brexit happens.
Brexit: France activates no-deal plan: Prime Minister Edouard Philippe says a no-deal Brexit looks "less and less unlikely".
As well as checking out our Brexit SIs Dashboard, for the latest Brexit SIs data &amp; other legislative &amp; procedural updates from Westminster sign up for our weekly Insight Notes e-newsletter #BrexitSIs #delegatedlegislation
#BBC Noise is nothing but #brexit noise. People who oppose Brexit, i.e. majority of Brits, have noticed this. But BBC perseveres; how many times a day will #ukip with zero MPs get airtime?
UK in deadlock over Brexit 'Plan B' as May and Corbyn double down
via UK in deadlock over Brexit 'Plan B' as May and Corbyn double down Reuters World News
#ThrowbackThursday Following Tuesday evenings announcement that Theresa May’s Brexit deal was voted down by a significant margin. Jubilant #Leave supporters where chanting “Bye Bye EU...” at #Remainers who went noticeably quiet. #Brexit #YellowVestsUK #Westminster #GiletsJaunes
THURSDAY NEWS IN A RUSH: 10 top headlines and Sentinel Colorado NewsMinute video - Sentinel Colorado #Shutdown #PelosiSOTUShutout #SOTU #Brexit #ISIS #BorderWall #Economy #SpaceWars #2020Election
That's what "should" happen. But their plan now is to extend A50 and have a 2nd Ref where Leave won't even be an option. The narrative will be that they tried Brexit (May's diabolical deal) and it was too difficult. We ain't leaving. We never were. From 24Jun2016.
Vince Cabel is telling Corbyn to back a #PeoplesVote instead of playing an un-winnable game of politics - and actually making a no-deal Brexit more likely!
An excellent read even for Remainers!
UK’s May in Brexit plan B talks with MPs
Don’t rely on Germany to solve Brexit, it doesn’t need to help Britain | Alan Posenor
The time for negotiation is done. There is no more negotiation with the EU27, they've made that pretty clear. There's only three games in town now. Accept the deal on offer, no deal Brexit or Remain. That's your lot.
Please try not to fall for the #PropagandaBlitz media narrative . On Wednesday 26th September 2018; Jeremy Corbyn speech: Labour leader makes dramatic offer to Theresa May to do deal on Brexit | London Evening Standard -
58% want a referendum, that doesn't mean 58% want an Indy Scotland. Some will, but many will be pro brexit and simply want to take it off the table A no vote post brexit would probably kill it completely, what are you scared of Willie?
UK’s May in Brexit plan B talks with MPs
Were are the 17.4 million voters represented in all this ????
asks 'what next for Labour?' #Brexit
Willie Rennie *still* doesn't get it. No wonder the Lib Dems are pretty much extinct in Scotland.
EU’s Barnier: Brexit agreement negotiated with UK PM May is best possible via FXStreet #forex #fx
Corbyn is saying TAKE. BREXIT off the Table, what a cnut!
UK’s May in Brexit plan B talks with MPs
UK PM May reaches out to rivals in Brexit deadlock
So what?
The HOC is the cause and solution to #MentalHealth issues. #Brexit is the cause and effect to #MentalHealth issues. Discuss
UK’s May in Brexit plan B talks with MPs
It’s a cacaphony of shit. Rotten &amp; Greedy Cabinet Government shutdown Brexit Imminent recession Iran &amp; Bolton Sycophants Barr Zero Tolerance policy Sanctions Enablers Syria North Korea Malfeasance Conspiracy Unfit puppet Feel free to add to the list
Perhaps Corbyn understands this well, but feels that the route to his becoming PM lies in voting against the Withdrawal Agreement, even though the route to agreeing a deal he wants while avoiding a No Deal Brexit is *precisely* the Withdrawal Agreement.
Any approach which enables people in our towns (and cities) to have a voice is welcome:
#GBPUSD stalking a short... its recent movement has been counter intuitive rising as the Brexit deal collapses but unless europe gives T May a helping hand then i can see potential for a pullback.. the inverse relationship with the #ftse is currently too erratic to be trusted
Thread ...
No Deal Brexit set to be blocked within days reveals Chancellor in leaked call , more details :
'We hold all the cards' said an idiot called Gove. #StopBrexit Don’t rely on Germany to solve Brexit, it doesn’t need to help Britain
Whole thread: stunning visualizations of conflict known as the Troubles, which places efforts to maintain peace during and after Brexit into context
UK in deadlock over Brexit 'Plan B' as May and Corbyn double down
May saying she will stick to her ‘Brexit principles’ is reminiscent of Lord North and his ‘peppercorn of principle’ before the War of American Independence. Sticking stubbornly to principles and refusal to compromise in face of opposition does not end well.
This. How can "No Deal" be ruled out when it is the status quo if nothing otherwise happens? May might as well say she "rules it out" since it won't make a lick of difference what she says if parliament can't come to an agreement by April
I think a more productive starting point would be to not rule out a #SecondReferendum #PeoplesVote. If we had a united opposition, responsive to its electorate and serious abt giving #Remain a second and fairer chance, today we would have concrete options, rather than just a mess
Brexit: France activates no-deal plan
Does he look or behave as though he is interested in the will of the people as opposed to the interests of a few big businesses?
Will Britain's Corbyn endorse a 2nd referendum for Brexit? Is this now a necessary course of action given the events of the past week? Brexit divorce will occur on March 29 &amp; EU may pushback against any last minute proposals
Brexit is an issue the majority of Parliament are trying to forget, thought that was fairly obvious...
After watching the #BrexitShambles unfold by the Toxic Tories can anyone blame them ? #Bodyswerve
"We shall fight them in the...glub...blub...blub..." Bruce MacKinnon ( ) once again nails the debacle that is #Brexit. Bravo, good sir.
A good overview of the utterly ridiculous situation we've got ourselves in.
I know the feeling #DailyThought
Absolutely. However, we should be asking why Jeremy Corbyn has refused to represent Labour voters #Brexit interests and attend meetings. It is appalling.
Sounds like a devious way of getting her deal. No point in talking to someone who doesn't want to hear?
this is why I lost all respect for when he refused to consider a #CleanBrexit
Too late!! Brexit: Theresa May meeting MPs 'to seek consensus'
You need to be at the table to discuss No deal #RightToVote
No for Brexit Deal, Yes for May. And What for Gold? - Copy orders from successful traders and earn =&gt;
Vince Cabel is telling Corbyn to back a #PeoplesVote instead of playing an un-winnable game of politics - and actually making a no-deal Brexit more likely!
Brexit: France activates no-deal plan
Hang on......with the greatest respect (fan since forever) that's exactly what #Corbyn is saying with support of #Brexit - may not have a red mug with 'control immigration' but same sentiments.
They're shitting themselves! How has the EU responded to the Brexit vote?
The controlled demolision of Brexit
Euro and Sterling movement after the Parliament Brexit vote - Copy orders from successful traders and earn =&gt;
Queen Elizabeth should DISSOLVE the failed government of the UK Theresa May: An extinct prime minister and her dead-man-walking government (by George Galloway)
was this morning live from Lagos on #TVCBreakfastShow talking about #Brexit and #TheresaMay #TVC #TVCNIGERIA #YANGA_uk #YANGATV #YANGA
And perhaps there we have the whole Brexit debate, don't you think?
EU Says Taking ‘Very Seriously’ Possibility of No-Deal Brexit
What are you on about? Corbyn is trying to mitigate the worst effects of Brexit, attempting to secure a softer brexit whilst respecting the referendum result. It is others in the party who are being anti democratic with the screams for a 2nd vote. No deal should be off the table
...and this why I've been saying Brexit is the largest Tory tax avoidance scam ever perpetrated in the UK! "Millionaire Leave Means Leave boss Richard Tice has...
Shocking column in which surprisingly spends only a couple of sentences blaming liberal identity politics for the rise of Trump. He’s SO close to acknowledging that white racism predates the establishment of African-American Studies programs.
Brexit never was a project only of the Right.
This type of safety net would also be sensible. The entire Brexit thing would have been better if we’d have just tackled No Deal head on with confidence and had the option to reverse.
We need a citizens assembly to solve the Brexit mess, but we can also build a new, better political system out of the current crisis. Email your MP now:
Plebs wanting no deal is like someone accepting an optional redundancy from a company and then after failing to negotiate their own payout by a certain date screaming LEAVE MEANS LEAVE and walking away from negotiations with their employer with no money. Retarded.
"Where shall we go for our holidays?" "Somewhere that we're clearly hated now for some reason?" "No, let's not go there. That doesn't sound nice."
May fights to find cross-party Brexit plan after confidence vote #news
Conspiracy of circumstances. Read It!
Brexit is the fault of Brexitiers, not Remainers.
May will stick to Brexit 'principles' in cross-party talks, says No 10 hahahaha! Stick to principles?? Stick her fingers in her tin ears. more like. #PeoplesVote
This is one of the many reasons why we cannot risk a no deal brexit. More info here
Joe’s right. Surely we have a wee bit of space for taking the piss out of this in our stream.
Forensic take - like a splash of cold water
Keep at them Ruth
May survives, but the Brexit battle resumes
But everything isn't on the table. TM won't remove the possibility of No Deal as she still ultimately wants her deal to go through. That's not listening. #PeoplesVote
This&gt;&gt;&gt;
No for Brexit Deal, Yes for May. And What for Gold? - Don't want to miss winning trades? =&gt;
Confirmation that is just another lying self serving career politician.
Euro and Sterling movement after the Parliament Brexit vote - Don't want to miss winning trades? =&gt;
Job for afternoon email mp in this 86% Brexit voting constituency and give him a piece of my mind
Corbyn has the same right to red lines as May !!!
Many Leave areas still want Brexit to go ahead, not for any reason other than the boot they aimed at the head of Cameron's austere Tory party will not have connected and they will feel unsatisfied. Remaining must give these people some political and financial satisfaction.
You couldn't make this up from the Lib Dems.....no second referendum unless it is the one we want...how dare be campaigning for a 2nd referendum when she should be campaigning for a 2nd referendum.....
You also need to increase buffer stock to act as a contingency, for which you need to secure warehousing, racks etc. I know this first hand because I actually seen the purchase order for my employer securing additional warehousing for parts to protest against a No Deal Brexit. 2/
That is why I am praying for a no deal Brexit. At this stage, that is the ONLY Brexit option left. Everything else, is NOT Brexit.
And of course all Leavers are represented by yellow jacketed Nazis too. The Brexit debate is increasingly characterised by idiots!
'British army reservists called up to help prepare for no-deal Brexit...' This is now becoming a national emergency (not the Trump type)!!! #GTTO
The funny thing is I expected and wanted a No deal Brexit as it destroys the UK. The Toru Party and Westminster imploded and every day handing Scottish Independence over to the Scottish People their is very little left in their fear campaign to stop Independence.
Murdo Fraser, the most obsolete politician ever to sit in Scottish parliament. #indyref2
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Lord Hattersley has said that leaving the European Union would be a “disaster” Former Labour deputy leader Roy Hattersley has said he supports another Brexit...
#London: British People Lost Confidence In Westminster’s Politics. House of Commons Cornered by UK PM May! Everything is lawful to get Brexit through parliament
Please read the thread. Very accurate and true.
Pete wild couldnt sort his first team out on Saturday let alone Brexit!
A quick update following the last couple of days of Brexit votes and discussions
Will kiss your arse on this tread, they’d do it to a pig in a dress if it said leave. Go elsewhere, look at the laughing stock you are. Then calm down, open your mind and realise, you will need to compromise, brexit date is moving, the rest is up for grabs, think if the ..
Why Labour’s next steps on Brexit matter for markets | Article | ING Think - Wednesday’s failed no-confidence vote in the British government yielded few surprises, but what the Labour Party decides to do next will be key as markets...
#Brexit. Good job Corbyn is not dealing with EU. He would have a weak hand, trying to remove the only card May has as a final throw. Can Corbyn be impeached for acting against country`s interests?
Don't forget David Cameron, who was even worse and presided over the biggest economic destruction of the electorate ever and the set off a nuclear Brexit bomb
Well, it's been like that for 40 years for the brexiters. Not even heard of you before that. Must be a nice little earner for you this brexit lark
Brexit: only nation to vote for sanctions.....on itself (and its own union break up)
How weak does it show her to be? She had a majority and couldn't deliver #brexit, and now she's in a minority and is sinking faster as she desperately reaches out for help from the opposition. Time for her to go before she embarrasses herself anymore.
Both remain and leave tories want him gone, he is a three faced weasel like Alistair Darling who lied about his knowledge of RBS in 2008, Darling knew three weeks before the crisis and its alleged mates with investments in the banks were pre warned to get rid,
I'm not a pollster but I'd be keen to know what you think of #Brexit now. Vote here:
Oki I haven't understood what they talking about with "hard" and "soft" Brexit and I have Martial Law paranoia and it sounds just as that
British army reservists called up to help prepare for no-deal Brexit
Should we blame Brexit??
So true.
New post added at Mumbai Press :: Official Site - UK Parliament to vote on Theresa May's Brexit 'Plan B' on January 29
I hope Scotland will
Idiot lies from you &amp; distorted facts Corbyn offered to meet PM &amp; she REfuses despite her chancellor unofficial Leak about NO DEAL
The Commons &amp; Lords are lining up to block clean Brexit- they are afraid of leaving on WTO rules and regaining our independence. Why? Because the elite are afraid Why? Because the EU will go bankrupt (sooner) without us. That is the globalist nightmare that fuels MPs madness
Just what is the frigging point??? Arrggghhh
it’s one thing for opposition MPs to be against Brexit. but it was a democratic vote so regardless of personal views it has to be acted out. other wise we become an anti-democracy state. it’s treasonous and a betrayal of the working class voters that want this. #Brexit
Brexit, o filme
I'm discussing right now with colleagues! I participated in #brexit citizens assembly in 2017. We need to think carefully about timing, purpose and expectations in current #brexit context but v useful for building engagement, understanding and identifying consensus
I would still disagree. If the Brexit and the Trump results turned out in the opposite way I think we would see a lot of older people complaining and crying about the result. See Obama 2012 for one.
What a nasty unbalanced subjective personal attack on brexit. You are exactly why people who voted will continue to vote leave. Appalling piece of Journalism
Simple way to filter zillions of Brexit tweets. Ignore people with flags in their name or one-eyed political references like jc4pm or fbpe. Block anyone who can only use abuse to make a point. Or that use 'remoaner', 'Brexidiot', 'Maybot' or 'Corbyinista'. Down to 5 tweets a day!
May will stick to Brexit 'principles' in cross-party talks, says No 10 #Brexit
UK in deadlock over Brexit 'Plan B' as May and Corbyn double down
They are not going to go into coalition with the Tories. They've learnt that the Tories will screw anybody over if they can. Vince Cabel is telling Corbyn to back a #PeoplesVote instead of playing an un-winnable game of politics - and actually making a no-deal Brexit more likely!
Comic poem by Seamus O'Rourke calling for a hard border and some good old-time smuggling:
the fact that all the Tories after weeks of having no confidence in Theresa may or her Brexit plan all voted to save their own skin says nothing about the Labour leadership other than the Tories know they'll lose a general election.
Will you be talking Brexit or prisons or both?
Still would prefer no deal .They can come to us after to make a deal when we would have the edge.
Listen to the full speech. In the swamp of wish washy speeches this is pure genius. Gove absolutely nails opposition and especially Corbyn. Gone up massively in my estimation #BREXIT
This.
It's the response to the claim that some frontbenchers have made that they will simply keep tabling votes in perpetuity and that while both are determined to deliver Brexit we won't pick a side. Which makes sense but I don't think the point is terribly clear.
So 3 million should have a greater voice than 17.2 million? Sounds like you've been to the school of maths #Brexit
Why “minimise the effect of Brexit” when we should just stop it? Everything we need to do on housing, healthcare, infrastructure, education will be more difficult after Brexit. Not just economically.
And this twat wants a " People's vote " Fcukin amateurs the lot of them.
100% agree. You can't heave meaningful negotiations whilst "No Deal" is still an option and May can blackmail MPs with that.
Telling you half the truth, half of the time...
A Labour MP hit the nail on the head yesterday. May's 'red lines' are more like a cage, trapping her in a position that prevents a deal being reached.
Fucked thats what this country would be with a #UKLabour government. Don't fancy that thanks #Brexit #WTOBrexit
Perhaps this video could be retweaked to show how life would be after the Brexit that Corbyn favours, and how Labour would fix that, it would be more helpful.
You are going to end up with a no deal Brexit anyways if you don't talk to May
this is not the UK I want to live in it has to be stopped
I don't understand that sentence, the english is too poor. Are you a russian troll? I am aware that Brexit is one of Putins projects and right now he is very happy with the chaos that Brexit has brought upon the UK. He wants the UK out of the EU to make us and the EU weaker.
In the lobby, Corbyn could be heard repeatedly quoting Mark from Peep Show: "Let's die together."
Brilliant responses
If you’re not including independence for Scotland as one of the ways to protect Scotland’s interests from #Brexit then I don’t care what your other options are. You should be willing to do whatever it takes to protect my children’s future.
Irish motorists will need 'Green Card' to travel to Northern Ireland in event of no-deal Brexit
I saw this on The Sun app and thought you’d enjoy it What happens next with Brexit after Theresa May’s humiliating defeat
I totally agree with you Mr Wilson. I wish you had been negotiating with the EU. Don't let Mrs May take no-deal off the table or delay the leave date. As for a people's vote, there should only be two options on on that ballot paper 1. WTO brexit or 2.Another true brexit deal.
When the Lib Dems are faced with the choice of a no deal Brexit and a general election, they’ll vote for Labour’s no confidence motion Vince Cable’s brains are basically dust these days
Corbyn and others insistence that May rule out no deal is obtuse logic or game-playing sophistry. It’s impossible for gov. to rule this out – #EU would need to agree for A50 to be extended indefinitely until a deal was reached for this to be remotely possible. #Brexit #Remain
#Brighton MP Caroline Lucas has met with Theresa May to urge the Prime Minister to take a no deal Brexit off the table and look at a People’s Vote.
Lol sweetie, there is currently only one politician with the power to stop brexit and they're handing *her* a blank cheque to do it. It's quite simple.
I see Government is trying to force parliament to give it full control. resignations likely
The Malign Incompetence of the British Ruling Class
This is what might happen in a rational world: MPs would vote on Brexit options in order of preference
May is 'the cockroach in nuclear winter..., the Nokia 5210'. This would be hilarious, but for the fact that she's taking us all into the nuclear winter with her. Sketch: May's fate is laid bare – and Corbyn is exposed for what he really is
Corbyn is basically an idiot who had no interest in helping Britain achieve the best Brexit possible.
SELL EURUSD Day Trade Entry E1-1.1420-1.1370=50pips(4hrs) E2-1.1410-1.1370=40pips(12hrs) Profit=90x17=$1530profit ROI=153% Lvrg=1:200|Cptl=$1000 Lot=1.7Lot|1pip=$17 NEXT TP-1.1320 VERIFY 17.01.19|06:35am GMT
An they would likely have driven us to a no deal Brexit. The height of irresponsibility.
It’s #FREXIT, Stupid! #Macron Fiddles While #Paris Burns &amp; Rejects Disastrous #EU Mass Migration, Terror &amp; #WealthRedistribution! #Trump Democracy Liberates USA &amp; Europe!!! #Winning
Oh I absolutely think it will happen and I don't want to be here for it (though my boyfriend is British so I'm not really escaping). I don't think I'd be leaving now if it wasn't for Brexit - I like my job &amp; my flat &amp; have made my peace with London at last.
Richard Tice: If a deal can't be made, let's just leave on a 'no deal' under WTO rules. #Brexit #JustLeave
When I asked a local campaigner recently to publically defend his views on Brexit, specifically *because* he was a working class Whitleyite interested in the local community and not a university-educated media groupie, he refused saying he was “just a door-knocker, a carpenter.”
enjoy
Know Brexit stirs strong emotions but anyone rejoicing in people's deaths (from whichever side) needs to take a bit of a step back and perhaps reflect upon their outlook on things?
So what? The vote was in 2016 and the result still hasn't yet been enacted. No democrat can undermine democracy by severing the essential link between the result of a vote and its enactment can they? Only legitimate path is to campaign for a referendum on rejoining EU post-Brexit
Pound rises after ‘meaningful’ Brexit vote
Tory MP pledges second referendum amendment to May's Brexit plan
I know. I have a pain in my hole with Brexit as well but this is pretty staggering when you put all the pieces together
What rights will British citizens living in the #EU have? What should employers and their UK staff working in the EU be doing to prepare for a #nodealbrexit? #Brexit
EU’s Barnier: Brexit agreement negotiated with UK PM May is best possible -
Wellcome won't stand in the way of academics moving out of UK and taking grants with them, recognising problems that Brexit is causing.
This!!!! No deal cannot be "ruled" out because as a matter of law, we are leaving the EU on 29 March without a deal. So unless there is a deal, we will leave without one. PM "ruling out no deal" would just be pointless. Labour need to wake up.
There must be some kind of Brexit metaphor in this
Decision by #Hitachi to halt investment at #Wylfa is an indication of loss of confidence by international companies in the UK as a place to invest.Indecision+monofocal obsession with #Brexit to blame.Ministers distracted,civil servants demoralised.
Inclusion, progress, collaboration or #brexit
Can you all just get on with it and end this Brexit rigmarole. Some of us are exhausted with Westminster’s shenanigans and would appreciate a return to normalcy.
Magnificent. Just when you thought the UK couldn't squeeze in another #brexit opinion...here comes a left-field corker!
On the contrary I have read the spectator for some time and I read Mathew Parris in the Times . He has admitted himself that Brexit has partially unbalanced his mind and I think he is correct in his assessment.
You don't get it do you? The majority of people who voted LEAVE expected or wanted a 'no deal' Brexit. You are ignoring the will of the people and are as clueless as the rest of them. If there is to be a 2nd referendum it should only be for how we leave. With a deal or no deal
Brexit: France activates no-deal plan #NEWS
I know it’s taken Theresa May two years to initiate cross-party Brexit talks BUT, in her defence, I also hate group projects.
Remember that time Kezia...when you tweeted your joy at yon racist UKIP balloon taking one of Scotland's EU seats.....that really was bizarre
US stealing plot lines from UK continues. First now this...
That explains Brexit!
Don’t know your ‘hard Brexit’ from your ‘backstop’? Worry not! Help is at hand:
And he doesn't get into government without Remainers, Scots and young people or just by offering a different Brexit to the Tories. He pays his money and takes his choice - and Brexit is not it.
asks 'what next for Labour?' #Brexit
Why will Corbyn not sign up to a 2nd referendum? #BrexitVote #Brexit #NoConfidenceMotion #AllCorbynsFault
BBC News - Brexit: France activates no-deal plan
I saw this on The Sun app and thought you’d enjoy it Pound climbs higher against dollar and euro after Brexit vote
Missed this earlier this week. UK forecasts were too optimistic before Brexit and they're probably too pessimistic now. By via
But #theresamay doesn't have any principles - other than making rich people richer, and poor people poorer... it's the #tory party's reason for being | May will stick to #Brexit 'principles' in cross-party talks, says No 10
Tory MP pledges second referendum amendment to May's Brexit plan
"In a grotesque irony,borders imposed in 1921 on Ireland,England’s 1st colony,hv proved 2B biggest stumbling block for English Brexiteers chasing imperial virility.Britain faces prospect of partition if Brexit &amp; Scottish nationalists call for independence.
You spelled "Remain" wrong. #Brexit
Do you think Brexit itself will improve or worsen the national debt situation?
Ok then: he should never show his face again in the U.K. and has done more damage to the cause of reversing Brexit than any single other person.
Oh look, the tedious useless twat mouths up. Willie, get in the fucking sea and do us all a favour.
When listening to news about Brexit, I now substitute inane ideas like "shoot a million guns at the Sun" or "send all citizens to space". "The people have spoken; we must shoot a million guns at the Sun, as the referendum said we would!"
My favourite moment is at 0:46. Hilarious.
Corbyn’s letter to May with conditions for Brexit talks. Hard to see much basis for agreement here.
Support for Remain highest since referendum, Brexit poll finds
Calling Brexit the project of the right just shows the very narrow minded ignorance that has accesabated the matter. Anyone calling for a supposed no deal not to be an option is also ignorant. I really do wonder how some manage to find their way out of bed in the mornings.
Ministers tell May: Let MPs decide on Brexit or we'll quit
Well done most of you.
Dear UK, do not Brexit. The next 5 generations will be deeply grateful. #Remain
An utterly brilliant thread by : “This #Brexit business is a marvel. Genuinely. It’s borderline miraculous. Bear with me” explaining the series of ‘once in a millennia’ flukes that led us to the mess we’re in:
Reality Check. If you fail to enact Brexit the Tory Party will be eviscerated at the next election and may never recover. You will make millions of Brexiters your political enemies who will seek to enact revenge for that betrayal. We will not allow you to get away with it
And to think Leavers moaned about EU bureaucracy!! #StopBrexit Millions of EU citizens can't access personal records, high court told
Yes do please come to my NW region Madeleina - The future belongs to young people
When the self interested elites in Parliament finally kill Brexit and the people stop voting because there is no point in voting in an anti democratic state, how will they decided who’s in charge of the country ? Parliament falls apart and the civil war resumes. Don’t go there.
#news Post-Brexit holiday plans unaffected as Brits continue to book their summer break
Brexit has turned in to one big yer but, yer but, what-about-ist, tirade of misinformation. Where were all these ‘I told you so’ experts when we needed them? Please can we have a Brexit mute button?
Heavy stuff from Kevin Keegan there
So I’m confused where things are now. What is labour advocating for that will allow them to vote in favour? Even softer brexit in CU/SM? But then EU won’t allow no free movement and own trade deals which are labours own red lines. So what’s next?
IMO: It’s not an article about views of politicians but about how the elites and political ruling class are in fact handling Brexit.
Let's meet and I'll tell you what my brexit looks like
Upcoming #H2020 Financial Management Training in #Dublin Last places are available register here: #HorizonEurope #ResearchImpactEU #EU #EuropeanUnion #Europe #Brussels #Dublin #Ireland #Erasmus #Innovation #Funds #Irish #Consultants #LinkedIn #Brexit
if we do get independence and it turns out to be shite, we just have to pretend it’s class forever.
Millions of EU citizens cannot access personal records, high court told Home Office rules could stop people from asserting right to stay in UK after Brexit, our QC argued in court today.
Feeling similarly bereft!
Losing loads of American twink followers by tweeting about Brexit but you have to live your truth
No Democratic Mandate for So-called #PeoplesVote – But Clear One for IndyRef2: #FMQs
I've been talking a lot of #Brexit this week for Germany's international broadcaster, Deutsche Welle (DW). Today I was a guest on the political show with and which was moderated by .
It’s gone very quite from you folks, what are you doing, you are all we have left the speaker and the house is destroying #brexit whilst we all look on.
There might be a majority for no brexit It's certainly the biggest minorty now #BBCNews #c4news #wato
Dear oh dear.
Petition: Brexit re article 50 it must not be suspended/stopped under any circumstances
The money EU invested to keep those industries in EU rather than moving to the far east. We are a very expensive nation to manufacture in. Businesses want profit, bigger=better. So they go where its cheaper to produce. Brexit will make costs higher = more companies leave.
Trouble is, had anyone declared an 'end game objective' that would have immediately destroyed the Brexit 'coalition' which was always built on irreconcilable wishes. And it is realistically feasible to leave the EU, just not without confronting the necessary trade offs
no, it implies that nothing this completely stupid and hollow and stupid and shoddy and stupid - other than Brexit, maybe - has happened in living memory
Visitors from EU nations to London falls 750,000 amid ‘Brexit boycott’
Date for Theresa May's Brexit plan B vote to break deadlock revealed
This BBC interview between a Remain and Leave voter perfectly sums up Brexit
Theresa May’s #Brexit plan isn’t dead yet, writes
Opinion - With Brexit, the chumocrats who drew borders from India to Ireland are getting a taste of their own ...
#Luxembourg steps up no-deal #Brexit planning
Michael Gove trolled by his own words as he makes apocalyptic Brexit vote warning via
Why are people so scared of a no deal brexit? I think it’s the best option in the long term xx no one knows what will happen regardless if we are prepared for a tough time then what’s the issue. Bring it on #NoDeal
That would be BAD for democracy! We have voted to Leave, our only problem is Remain MPs who just don't want to deliver a proper Brexit. They didn't expect the result they got, but they should still respect it and deliver it. If we were forced to vote again it would be rigged!
If Labour facilitate Brexit the same fate awaits them as the Lib Dems after they enabled the 2010 Tory government of austerity. This is becoming abundantly clear.
Theresa feels unloved and unsupported at work, should she consider a career change? #DearBarbary #TheresaMay #Brexit #Parliament
#MichaelGove #BrexitDeal #Brexit #Gove After "Big Kick In The Back" Nazi need public attention, blamed in his ad...didn't mention the CIA.
May's Brexit Debacle: Britain Finally Confronts Reality via
All the Brexit campaigners ever talk about was an easy deal, a good deal, a deal we could make tomorrow, a free and frictionless trade deal, no what all of the leave voters voted for WAS a deal
Brexit: France activates no-deal plan - BBC News
You mean the poll which found that only 17% Momentum members don't support a public vote in any circumstances, and 82% think Brexit will make things worse.
please engage in talks wi the govt. you have the chance to good for this country, but it seems that all you want to do is frustrate the #Brexit process. No deal is the default legal position and cannot be removed from the table. Your chance to step up and lead.
so you're *not* interested in what the many want?
Further Brexit guidance from the UKIPO in a no-deal scenario #IPlaw #Brexit
We KNOW how the three London parties will vote. FOR BREXIT and ENGLAND.
EU Brexit negotiator Barnier: If Britain wants a deal that goes further than free trade, we are open
Dear Mr Redwood This PM and her cabinet are on the verge of destroying Brexit &amp; our Conservative values. The Tory party will collapse if Remainers are allowed to pivot UK. Leave means leave on 29th. There is "no deal" as the PM failed, so how can "no deal" be taken off the table?
Also Brexit is just karma making its way back to the UK. It's kind of refreshing to see the British empire struggle after everything they've done to the world. There are 59 former colonies that for sure throw a party every time a Brexit headline comes out.
Not sure why you and Lab leadership avoid stating position on Brexit. Get off the fence
UK in deadlock over Brexit 'Plan B' as May and Corbyn double down: Britain's last-minute scramble to shape its exit from the EU, its biggest policy upheaval in half a century, hit the rocks on Thursday as Prime Minister Theresa May and opposition Labour…
Brexit has turned in to one big yer but, yer but, what-about-ist, tirade of misinformation. Where were all these ‘I told you so’ experts when we needed them? Please can we have a Brexit mute button?
A brutal and devastating take down of Britain and brexit by Pankaj Mishra...
Post-Brexit holiday plans unaffected as Brits continue to book their summer break
Taking back your sovereignty is your last hope. Don’t let Brexit die!!
As always Mrs May thinks compromise is agreeing with her - the approach that brought us the Windrush scandal, and now #Brexit #Chaos - her stepping aside is desperately needed
I guess Faraz is referring to xenophobic (or worse) comments. Unfortunately that kind of abuse rose sharply after the Brexit campaign/vote.
He's doing it to highlight the fact that she won't take 'No Deal' off the table because she is going to use it as leverage to push her own flawed deal through (there will be no 'listening'). It's nothing to do with growing up, sometimes you have to look a little deeper #Brexit
BestForBritain: Jeremy Corbyn made a speech in Hastings today, laying out his Brexit strategy. We found out St-Mary-in-the-Castle, the venue of the speech, has received millions in EU funding. Full story:
Brilliant read. #Brexit is just the latest episode of Britain stomping around the world and damaging everything it comes in contact with.
A perfectly logical thread
He has a duty to provide an opposition and cant bring down a government that has inflicted and made a mess of Brexit, increased homelessness, food banks and poverty. Our transport systems fails often and are over priced; crime is an increasing issue that we fail on..
That is why May needs to go
How #Brexit works: "The British political class has offered to the world an astounding spectacle of mendacious, intellectually limited hustlers." #notsittingonthefence
Dave Nellist is spot on! Labour has been taken over by Blairite middle classes &amp; needs 2 get back 2 fighting 4 a working class Brexit!
Britain's parliament is at an impasse after lawmakers rejected Prime Minister Theresa May's Brexit deal earlier this week. "Factbox - May's Brexit 'plan B': What happens next in parliament?"
THERE'S NOTHING TO FEAR FROM A WTO BREXIT!!!
We appeal to you, , honour your pledge to be a listening leader. Party members, like myself, believed you were a different style of leader - not arrogant &amp; intransigent like the PM, but one who encourages consensus. Back a #PeoplesVote now.
Brexit was to leave Europe completely and utterly with or without a deal.
Millions of EU citizens can't access personal records, high court told
Brexit: France activates no-deal plan
English Caucasian Conservative elites -economic, cultural &amp; social- have been anti-immigration &amp; anti-EU since the 1960s. These self-serving hard Brexiteers led a campaign for a referendum followed by a unilateral declaration for the UK to secede from EU.
Listen, I know it's frustrating watching Labour dealing with Brexit but let's not forget that a) whatever they do end up doing will piss a lot of people off so they have to be cautious and b) this was never their idea in the first place
Our country is being handed over to the most well off in society whilst the Tories knowingly let people die due to their own policies, this is not a government that cares and they must go, we cannot allow this to continue #GeneralElectionOrGeneralStrike #Labour #Brexit #Corbyn
Brexit
She has principles?
Really not, where Brexit is concerned.
Visitors from EU countries to London falls 750,000 amid ‘Brexit boycott’ - Evening Standard
Is that to much to hope for #no more Brexit
No for Brexit Deal, Yes for May. And What for Gold? - Copy orders from successful traders and earn =&gt;
This makes terrifying sense: the reason why Corbyn’s behaviour over Brexit makes no sense within any comprehensible rules of the game is that Corbyn isn’t playing the same game. Not at all. His game is much bigger and much more violent.
It's long past the point by which everyone should have moved on from the 2016 campaign and focused on the reality of now. We can't reverse #Brexit without sowing even deeper discord, we can't crash out without major economic disruption. We must compromise on an orderly Brexit.
‘The Brexiteers, pursuing a fantasy of imperial-era strength and self-sufficiency, have repeatedly revealed their hubris, mulishness and ineptitude over the past two years.’
Euro and Sterling movement after the Parliament Brexit vote - Copy orders from successful traders and earn =&gt;
Great thread.
Brexit revisionism has a bitter taste
Airports, customs, trade: Europe preps for a chaotic #Brexit
Your “short term negative impact” is thousands of other people’s jobs, more expensive food, and the possible loss of the car industry. Project fear? Here’s pro-Brexit guru Patrick Minford:
a possible second referendum, an extension of Article 50 or no Brexit at all continue to move the British Pound higher
'Order!' Why Europeans are turning to John Bercow for light relief in Brexit chaos – video
I think he was also one of the handful of pro-Brexit protestors who were harassing marchers at the last London Peoples Vote march on Whitehall - he stood out to me as he was so young and was wearing a MAGA hat. He is mixing with people who are going to exploit his vulnerability
May and Corbyn ordered to 'forget the fantasies' and hold second Brexit vote
The inconvenient truth
The lies from right wing anti globalist nationalist agitators like you and interference from your Rusky mates makes the Referendum results null and void. You and your close friend Trump will receive just deserts in the fullness of time. In the meantime we need to scrap Brexit.
How to maintain order during Brexit? John Bercow: "If he deploys Zen, he will find that it is ultimately to everybody’s advantage"
Yes it’s taken Theresa May two years to initiate cross-party talks on Brexit, but in her defence, no one likes group projects.
Let’s be clear on one thing, YOU &amp; will be the reason if the UK leaves the EU with a No Deal Brexit! Your continual refusal to at least sit down to debate acceptable terms is dispiriting, unwelcome &amp; unacceptable to the UK public
Tell me about it. The Brexit farce is prime Morris material. I'm still hoping it is all just one big sketch
Yet another clear and incisive analysis of our present state
He us just trying to cause maximum chaos. He's a wannabe revolutionary. His brexit position is pure unobtainium
Priests told to raise awareness of fees and registrations they must abide by
In the face of ongoing #Brexit uncertainty, the Creative Industries Federation has called for the government and political parties to support a second referendum on whether the UK should leave the European Union. Do you agree with this course of action?
Fuck off over the horizon, and once you've got there keep fucking off a bit longer...
Let's put it into perspective. Why are you saying Brexit should continue? Because we voted for something else with a difference of 650k people, but are now pretending this is what we voted for? You're lying to yourself to justify damaging the country you pretend to care about.
Why is meeting with Theresa May? I can understand meeting with her as he is chair of the Brexit Select Committee, but why Mrs Balls? Anyone? #brexit #toryclusterfuck #toryshambles
No fan of Corbyn but isn’t the opposition supposed to gain the maximum it can from the ruling party, when it can. By asking #nodeal to be discarded by May he is doing his job and helping the country at the same time. Seems he is damned if does and damned if he doesn’t #brexit
Today's #Brexit poll: In hindsight #Brexit right 50 (+2); Wrong 40 (n/c). (ch since 14.1.19). Record % wrong but not record wrong lead.
May will stick to Brexit 'principles' in cross-party talks, says No 10 That will be novel. I didn't think she had any.
I'm not afraid. I disagree. I think given the chaos, we do not need further upheaval right now. We need a period of calm reflection once Brexit is settled before embarking on further major change. We also do not need another referendum without any plan. Brexit proves that.
Ironical when have been at the forefront in preventing brexit gaff. What have libdems actually done?
You prove that a vote based on belief instead of facts can go either way. You don't understand how brexit will diminish trade with the EU and countries that have FTA's with the EU. Blind faith is great, just not the best basis for economic and political policy.
That was a amazing well rounded speech. The only shame is it was delivered during a debate she knew she would win. suffered defeat after defeat over her brexit plan. The along cane jezza took her up on her invite to have a NC vote. And hey presto she’s a winner again
Brexit vote: 'Are we witnessing Britain's biggest political crisis of modern times? Absolutely... via
Why would no deal be bad? Do you honestly believe business will just stop because we leave a silly club. NO because that looses them money they will keep sending there products and flying those planes. Its all fear and lie because mp's dont want their gravy train to end #Brexit
WTO BREXIT NOW
Your campaigning for another unwanted EU Referendum LOL Typical hypocrisy Daily Express latest ComRes poll
Also, and are a part of the political establishment that believed in Brexit. Where was their plan?
How’s your Brexit going?
Should Labour be excluded from any new Brexit plans they refused to discuss brexit so the cant and should not vote on any concession. They want no Brexit and an Election If a no deal just effects us then this shows we being lied to . We buy more goods so 27 will be more effected
“Rejection of the separation agreement is perfectly understandable because it would downgrade Britain to the status of a trade colony. It would not stand to gain trade autonomy and its territorial integrity would be called into question,"
Gold Price Volatility Low Like Eve of 2000s' Bull Market as France Readies for 'Hard Brexit', ECB Vows 'Stimulus'
We dream of that - 2.5 years in limbo kills hope, stalls businesses, places a dark shadow on childhoods.
Wullie making bugger all sense again You do see how cross eyed you sound Wully? This reads like the teletubbies wrote it We need a second referendum ... but we don't need a second referendum... your position is as cogent and stable is an ice cube melting in a public toilet
The #Brexit fracas is as serious as politics gets, but I have to admit that every time Speaker of the House, John Bercow loses his shit, it’s hilarious
Mr Corbin like a chocolate fire guard. Mrs May like an ashtray on a motorbike. Attitude of both is My WAY or NO WAY! If Brexit is no further, at least the electorate is now aware of what a lot of spiteful and vicious childish load of sycophants are running this country
voted to trigger article 50, to withdraw from the EU. He did so, knowing terms &amp; effect of art 50(3) - no withdrawal agreement in 2 years &amp; UK is out: no WA, no deal. How can he say that he will block that for which he voted?
Healthcare, pensions &amp; jobs hang in balance for Britons living in EU. &amp; experts team up to try and make sense of where things are amid complete uncertainty about Brexit way forward
That spend was part of the requirement of the referendum so it wasn’t a brexit/Remain spend
Bit confusing as Philip Hammond has called business leaders this morning that No Brexit will not occur..
Wicklow house price rises expected to slow amidst Brexit uncertainty
Another #BumblingEmpire piece: “The Malign Incompetence of the British Ruling Class” - #BritishEmpire #RulingClass
Chancellor: No deal Brexit could be taken "off the table."
Winston Churchill gave the answer to Brexit (EU) #BrexitVote #brexit #BrexitDeal #BrexitShambles
i agree, milo should not be allowed near schoolchildren
De-mo-le-dor. Gestionar con "self-involved clique[s] that [reward] group membership above competence and self-confidence above expertise." Como el Dream Team?
The City of London is pushing ahead with contingency plans, but clings to hope of a way forward on Brexit
Do read this!
That breach was passed years ago.
Split between 27 countries? The response would be: "Who gives af?"
Well This was fun! Opinion | The Malign Incompetence of the British Ruling Class - The New York Times
I have never voted . However this one letter represents a more "strong and stable", government then the whole party at the moment. #Article50 #PeoplesVote
Theresa May should have sought cross-party consensus two years ago. But that was then and this is now. By not meeting May, Corbyn is handing her all of the power. #Brexit #BrexitVote
When you prefer natural disaster to the man made chaos...
How many of those 27,000 would have voted for it knowing what a shambles Brexit is?
Well described. All said.
Breaking up is not that hard Willie when you look at the quality of politicians negotiating on Scotland’s behalf compared to those who negotiated Brexit. Give Lib Dem’s an independence option.
It's not even about negotiating positions any more. There's no more negotiating to do on the Withdrawal Agreement. It's take it, leave it or bin Brexit. Those are the only three options.
But, 1) the split between/amongst MPs, members and voters caused by Brexit has political consequences in that, it may keep them out of Government 2) See Point one and how it's become an obsession 3) Not sure, if Brexit not delivered and Labour still led by Corbyn at next GE.
this thread *chef’s kiss*
Brexit uncertainty blamed for worst UK housing market outlook in 20 years
Brexit: a Norwegian view on the Norway-plus model and why it wouldn't be easy for the UK via
Yes ehatvws need now to get over Brexit is a war bring out Blair and Cameron and the dancing centrists!
You gotta be kidding, are you listening ? #Brexit
Your idealogue has meant millions of people who voted Leave are not going to get Brexit as you have passed the initiative to remain parliament by not voting with the PM. Madness
UK’s May in Brexit plan B talks with MPs
Brexit deal flops, Theresa May survives -- so what happens now? via
Saw this today. Now not sure how much truth there is to this as its MSM.
I absolutely agree there are far more important issues than Brexit to sort out - but that applies across the country. We're currently spending £500m a week on Brexit, and for what? To change things we could have done whilst remaining? What a waste of money.
The only way to rule it out would surely be to make the default position "no brexit". Or am I missing something?
May fights to find cross-party Brexit plan after confidence vote
Westminster please note! France has a Plan to be activated! What does the UK have? A Plan? No! Nothing to activate then!
Remainer Chancellor Tells Big Business MPs Will Stop Clean Brexit in Leaked Call via
Completely pointless. Brexit is no longer the will of the people. It never was - leave voters were just lied to and promised better public services. Most leave voters wanted to keep FOM and single market but now 56% want to #RemainEU time for a govt of National Unity #StopBrexit
If I drove a car with that big a blind spot I would have been arrested long ago
Having #fisheries objectives at the front and centre of the Bill sets out the framework for future decision making - AND this will be the 1st time #precaution has been legislated for in UK national law. Perhaps not perfect but at least progress? #fisheriesbill #brexit
Brexit was the proof-of-concept for the 2016 election theft.
Patrick Minford is supporting the idea of No Deal, &amp; just answering MPs questions , so he isn't trying to push a Remain or Deal based Brexit. What I find scary is his blase dismissal of the most of the Coal &amp; Steel closures
‘We created this mess’: Group of Tory MPs launch push for fresh Brexit referendum
There is no future in England’s dreaming..... #Brexit....
That is EXACTLY why they refuse to DISCUSS English Brexit, Scots don't WANT it
The recommendations here relate to Brexit but equally there is a longer term need for to include citizen assemblies in our politics
The B word raises it's ugly head at 's annual plan event. We might not know where we'll end up, but #Brexit will have strategic implications on regulating the communications industry, says #ofcom
JC needs to understand that those outside of his bubble believe he is playing games at the expense of national interest. We think he wants Brexit to end badly with May in charge so that he can pick up the pieces and claim no responsibility.
Brexit and the legal sector #quegal
Brexit is slowly dying because there was never any intention of delivering it. It could be done, but the Establishment isn't going to allow it. Obvious from the start.
British Prime Minister Theresa May and senior cabinet ministers are engaged in intensive discussions with MPs from all sides of the Brexit debate, as May fights to find a deal that could command support in...
Just imagine how easy your Brexit would be if you didn't have the extremely expensive 'thorn in the side' that is Northern Ireland.
UK in deadlock over Brexit 'Plan B' as May and Corbyn double down
Corbyn May save Brexit! He speaks with a forked tongue as wants No Deal: he believes Project Fear 2 will allow a Marxist PM to rise from the ashes. So he is resisting the Commons compromise deal and a Referendum.
Tell MPs: work cross-party to fix Brexit. Add your name now via
Now the UK knows what #Brexit means, why will #TheresaMay not call a peoples vote on the future of our country? #NoConfidenceMotion #BrexitVote #BrexitShambles
The tories that have run out of ideas. May hasn't a clue how to get #Brexit through parliament without tearing her party asunder. The game now is to pin failure on the Labour Party. Seems some falling for it already! To #GetTheToriesOut is probably the best course for the UK.
Corbyn is going to destroy the Labour party. Even their own members trust May more than him on Brexit.
Addams Brexit-Crime Family: Morticia, Uncle Fester (IDS), Pugsley (the little tubby bloke), Thing (all the rest)
More Wealthy Europeans Are Leaving the U.K., Movers Say For every wealthy European leaving the UK bring a wealthy Jewish to move back to the UK.
Opinion | The Malign Incompetence of the British Ruling Class - The New York Times
MRS MAY’s deal is dead but the pro-Remain establishment is still trying to stitch us up by concocting some way of staying close to the EU or stopping Brexit altogether.
On my way to to talk about protecting #eucitizensrights after #brexit, whichever form that might take. Join us at St. Mary’s Hospital at 5pm today.
After #brexit and #trump victory-strategies it’s clear that we all need to engage much more in debates online and elsewhere to constantly reveal the fake news and lies that are being spread to manipulate people’s fears or anger. Back to basics. #Democracy
It shifts nothing to Brussels which we have not already signed up for. No DEAL does not mean Remain. Leave will ALWAYS mean less. Real Problems are ALL the things we will lose which won't be replaced at all. Please CompareThe #FBPE #RevokeArticle50
My diabetic daughter needs insulin it is not made in the UK. Cunts like you are playing with lives. Fuck you and fuck your particular type of brexit.
Glad someone has had the balls to tell him, he is a disgrace!
Good thread on #Brexit next…
EU Brexit negotiator Barnier: If Britain wants a deal that goes further than free trade, we are open
I think I'm a bit out of the loop at the moment, what is this Brexit thing everyone is talking about?
Poll: Remain now has largest lead witnessed since EU referendum
“We should look to this country when it was at its best, when we stood together”- South Suffolk MP highlights importance of cross-party unity to deliver Brexit referendum result.
Tell MPs: work cross-party to fix Brexit. Add your name now via
#remain was 35% this morning. We need your help to turn this poll around!! please vote and R/T. Let’s show the Brexiteer who created this poll that the #UK is a county that wants to #StopBrexitSaveBritain
IGNORE AND DENY: keep calm and carry on regardless via
Really sad how ill informed some people are.
British newspapers are stockpiling ink and newsprint in the event of a disruptive #Brexit. #media via
I agree with him 100% but wish he was as passionate about getting us out of Europe with a clean Brexit.
Can't answer the question until we get full, undisclosed, access to the terms of a deal. #Brexit
Today's Macro Currency Thoughts: Keep Calm and Carry On? #fx #Brexit #UK #GBP #USD #EUR #economics #Rates #bonds #equities #stocks #May #Corbyn #confidence
We can break the #Brexit deadlock: with a citizens’ assembly | Neal Lawson #democracy #politics
I wish could negotiate the whole #brexit we wouldn't be suffering all of this crap as we do currently
Weekly Cartoon: Markets Take Brexit Drama, U.S. Government Shutdown in Stride -
Have your say: Brexit - what should happen next?
YOU WILL THOU' BE TOLD TODAY - GAME OVER - Not True!
Corbyn May save Brexit! He speaks with a forked tongue as wants No Deal: he believes Project Fear 2 will allow a Marxist PM to rise from the ashes. So he is resisting the Commons compromise deal and a Referendum.
‘Humiliations in neo-imperialist ventures abroad, followed by the rolling calamity of Brexit at home, have cruelly exposed the bluff of what Hannah Arendt called the “quixotic fools of imperialism.” As partition comes home, threatening bloodshed in Ireland and secession in…’
‘…Scotland, and an unimaginable chaos of no-deal Brexit looms, ordinary British people stand to suffer from the untreatable exit wounds once inflicted by Britain’s bumbling chumocrats on millions of Asians and Africans…’
Should come and work at our company I don't think they've heard the word brexit
and this is partly why some voted to Leave. We may not 'need' to help someone, but that doesn't (and shouldn't) mean that we don't try to help them. I don't need to help someone who falls in the street - but I will. #brexit
‘… More ugly historical ironies may yet waylay Britain on its treacherous road to Brexit. But it is safe to say that a long-cossetted British ruling class has finally come to the end of itself as it was.’
So Labour would move on this. Or not get a deal... And therefore no brexit. Again. What is your issue with either of these possibilities?
‘Brits will start a WAR!’ Germans demand ‘crazy’ Britain ‘PAY a lot’ for Brexit vote
You are betraying working class who wants NO DEAL Brexit, traitor..
Brexit or the people. Who do you think voted for Brexit.
This is the "just put the Queen in charge" Brexit outcome, isn't it
Props to for wading through all the footage of Theresa May's speeches from recent weeks to come up with a list of her go-to Brexit soundbites. Video in this piece is well worth a watch.
I would say in this day and age, especially with Brexit's development - there would be a greater push for more information (from both gov't and independent sources) on the range of consequences than Cameron's initial meek + arrogant efforts
now just looks like a silly old fart. Who advised him that going in a petty petulant huff would solve anything. He's happy to sit on the fence otherwise he would reveal that he's closer to May, Gove, Davis et al than anyone in the Labour Party.
"We have already gone beyond whatever we have words for." — Friedrich Nietzsche on Brexit and Trump.
#TheresaMay ‘disappointed’ that Labour refuse to accept #Brexit talks invite unless no-deal is off. via
To be fair, TM za PM effectively seems to be stuck in her "Brexit means brexit" setting for 2.5 years. One wants her deal, repeat. The other an election, repeat. Meanwhile UK plunges off a cliff to burst into flames into a crevasse whilst Mummy and Daddy are arguing about toast.
Stage 1 referendum Stage 2 project fear Stage 3 offer bad deal Stage 4 offer CU &amp; SM Stage 5 betray brexit Stage 6 vote tories out Stage 7 Start all over again
I'm afraid they would and I've long suspected that they don't really care much about Brexit.
Rescinding art. 50 is the only option. The #Leave campaign teams committed electoral fraud, poisoning the essence of our #democracy. Britain is destabilized and billions were made from the crash of the currency. The only winners are those behind the propaganda machine. #Brexit
Hitachi has announced it will suspend work on a £20bn nuclear plant in the UK because of rising construction costs. Given Japanese businesses have warned about Brexit’s economic consequences since the 2016 referendum,...
No Chuka,we won't play your game . Even if labour whipped its support for a 2nd ref,it would fail as you just don't have the numbers! Which will mean labour will piss off,leave voters.splitting their support in the event of a gen election .Ensuring a tory victory! You know this!
Finally; somebody making sense of the EU...
One thing i would really want to see is a general election to clarify the issues or a second referendum on the Brexit.
I feel the same about Brexit. But less justification, I fear.
Don’t rely on Germany to solve Brexit, it doesn’t need to help Britain | Alan Posenor
#Brexit is like some kind of disease that results in its victims having to adopt entirely contradictory positions and arguing to the death in favour of them.
The guy who runs that website is a Brit living in Germany &amp; says: "In the case of a no deal Brexit, I have no idea what will happen to myself or my family." Maybe he should ask Merkel?
Conservative #Brexit-eers, every one of whom voted to save #TheresaMay last night, she thinks less of you than she does of Plaid Cymru.
I liked a video 'Order!' Why Europeans are turning to John Bercow for light relief in Brexit chaos
Many of those saying in 2019 that Brexit will be the biggest disaster for the UK since WW2 are the same people who in 2003 said Saddam Hussein was the biggest security threat to Britain since Hitler. Pinch of salt.
Do we honestly think Boris Johnson or Nigel Farage care for the UK? If they did, the would have levelled with Brits, about the consequences of Brexit! They chose to obfuscate and outright lie to us! Shutting out the World won't improve British lives! On the contrary!
Not a massive fan of Corbyn politics. However he is right on “no deal”. She needs to rule it out to gain back a bit of control from Brussels. It is and the only thing to help negotiations. The only reason she wouldn’t do it is because she is hoping we don’t leave the EU fullstop?
Remainers celebrating the death of old people seems to reveal a lot about them. Brexit has exposed a very nasty streak in the Liberal elite of Britain.
Oh the irony. Yes, we changed our minds about EU membership in 2016!
Our is on his way to to talk about protecting #eucitizensrights after #brexit, whichever form that might take. Join him at St. Mary’s Hospital at 5pm today.
Theresa May, after narrowly surviving a no-confidence vote sparked by the crushing defeat of her EU withdrawal deal, faces deadlock over a new Brexit plan. #Brexit #TheresaMay #EU #Britain
A photobombing bus made this Brexit news report so much better.
NEW: Support for staying in EU highest since Brexit vote, poll finds
Former Irish PM: No-deal Brexit will mean 'psychological and political isolation'.
Europe is in no fit state to handle the risks of its own Brexit brinkmanship
Jon wasn't happy with you was he ! Didn't hold back!
UK Labour Party: It could back 2nd #Brexit referendum
And yet we shouldn’t worry about anything in a no deal Brexit... Remainers doing so is scaremongering. What’s it called when the govt is worried?
Big business have lots of power&amp; nearly always get what they want, &amp; is why they want Brussels to be the capital of Europe - they then only have 1 Parliament to control instead of keeping 28 in check. We are a little thorn in their side, we need to get out &amp; become threatening!
It’s really hard for me to understand how Leave supporters can know that EU citizens in the UK, who have been in it for decades, will be badly hurt by #Brexit, yet because they mistakenly believe they will be OK themselves, they happy throw their neighbours under the red bus.
The consequences of a zealous brexit will be disastrous. We need an exhausted brexit!
#GBP #pound #Brexit #UK #EU #May #BrexitReality #dollar #currencies #ForexTrading #ForexMarket #forexstrategy #forex #volatility #USD #JPY #chatrs #indicators #Trade24Fx EU’s Barnier: Brexit agreement negotiated with UK PM May is best possible
Brexit is a distraction from what really matters...the government needs to be honest with the citizens of the UK, in or out of EU
Funny when the answer to "cui bono?" is actually Bono (tax avoidance #brexit joke...)
The latest The Matthew Robinson Daily! Thanks to #brexit #laurelandhardy
Opinion | The Rudderless West - The New York Times
Agreed. The UK threatening No Deal as a negotiating tactic is like an abusive partner threatening to seriously self-harm in order to emotionally hurt and manipulate their partner.
Could it be that Corbyn and Sturgeon are not joining talks because they know they have nothing to contribute to Brexit other than looking after their own political interest in trying to bring down the government in preference to putting the interest of country first?
It means no decent Japan FTA post Brexit. The other country is Switzerland.
Well said The PM astonishingly interpreted the biggest ever defeat in the House as some 'concerns' over her deal. No more time wasting #BrexitChaos #Brexit #brexitshambles
The Brexit Puzzle Part 2 (Indian Media) #Brexit #UK
Vince Cable: "take No Deal off the table" Nicola Sturgeon: "take No Deal off the table" Caroline Lucas: "take No Deal off the table" Jeremy Corbyn: "take No Deal off the table" Theresa May: #brexit #birdboxchallange
Me today. Annoying reasons for missing event in the very building where I have an office. Also missed chance to meet So going to daughter's parents evening so I can at least be told I am nailing that job. Yes I am taking credit for her awesomeness.
Not for the first time Lisa is one of the few politicians speaking any sense.
France triggers €50m contingency plan in case of no-deal Brexit
Nine in 10 Tory seats back a People’s Vote
Good to see the Labour leadership finally doing something constructive
Brexit: France activates no-deal plan
France triggers €50M ‘hard Brexit’ contingency plan [ ]
ORDER! All honorable gentleman should watch this video about John Bercow:
"import/export operations on a similar scale could be encouraged on the same roll-on/roll-off basis that applied previously. In addition to trailers, the port could, for example, be used as a specialist port for import and export of new and used cars."
I don’t want any Brexit... I especially don’t want a no deal Brexit! However I know how to negotiate. you NEED an option to walk away! you never want to walk away from new business but you can’t end up losing money so you have to be willing to walk off. Same applies
Read our travel and political risk forecast for the year ahead: #travel #travelsafety #traveltuesday #politicalrisk #elections2019 #brexit #ebola #drones
May is the Chameleon PM; trying to appeal to everyone at the same time. It’s time to end the charade and to decide what plan B is. Is it a no deal crash or further softening of the Brexit terms. If it is the latter, we are better of remaining. But no one is thinking rationally.
I hope so John but after 2.5 years &amp; deliberate delays they are doing everything to stop Brexit. If there's another ref vote expect the result to be rigged this time. The French were screaming out to leave the EU &amp; ditch the Euro just b4 the elections yet somehow EU Macron won!!!
EU Brexit negotiator Barnier: If Britain wants a deal that goes further than free trade, we are open
Brexit weighing on the UK's commercial property market. The industry is expecting a slow year even if there's a deal. A no deal exit from the EU could really shake things up and tank the optimism of an uptick in 2020 forecasts
Watch Theresa May's most repeated phrases from her Brexit speeches: Speeches from Theresa May have come thick and fast in recent weeks as she fights to push through a Brexit deal.
How Brexit has become like partition: The Malign Incompetence of the British Ruling Class
The alliance between and REC will see specialists from #KPMG work with our advisers to support our members across issues such as preparing for #Brexit, opportunities in new overseas markets and M&amp;A activity. Find out more. #RECBrexitSeries
May battles to keep Brexit on track after no-confidence win
Brexit: France activates no-deal plan
German BDI industry body has highlighted the dangers to the German economy of a No Deal #Brexit, warning that ‘any lack of clarity would jeopardize tens of thousands of businesses &amp; hundreds of thousands of jobs in #Germany, Get more from :
But it’s us t(the people) that will suffer for their handling of Brexit
Well, goodbye everyone.
'Order!' Why Europeans are turning to John Bercow for light relief in Brexit chaos – video
"...None of this would surprise anyone who knows of the unconscionable breeziness with which the British ruling class first drew lines through Asia and Africa and then doomed the people living across them to endless suffering."
Health and social care bodies can't provide "cast-iron assurances" about the future of EU workers due to Brexit uncertainty, it was claimed last night.
As expected: May/Corbyn will NEVER agree to permit a Remain choice on ballot
He was elected on a Brexit manifesto. He should cross the floor to the lib dems of he wishes to opt for a remain in EU manifesto
What was it Maggie Thatcher said?...oh yeah. #Brexit #BrexitVote
The adult thing to do to respect different opinions; I think you and I are doing that. I suspect the "benefits" of Brexit (50 years out or now) are illusionary, except for people who play the markets. You feel differently. That's the strength of a democracy.
‘Complete mess’ means delay to Brexit is inevitable, says Tony Blair
Brexit: whatever happens, young home buyers are the losers, as points out
Blocking a no-deal requires one of the following two options to be written into legislation to address the situation in which time has run out and there is no new deal: 1. Revoke A50. 2. #PeoplesVote on May's deal. #Brexit
Pity this sour faced old has been is still with us. Still isn't a reason to have another referendum before the last one has even been implemented loser. #Brexit
France triggers 'hard Brexit' plan and warns that no deal is 'less and less unlikely'
Corbyn is an idiot. Brexit under WTO rules is better than staying in. Labour are don't seem to understand that staying in the EU customs union would require us to allow free movement of labour. That was a main reason for Brent. !
FYI: Brexit uncertainty and what it means for businesses and their data #ITgovernance
I think you might have just lost the moral high ground on brexit. You cannot have your cake and eat it. Shame on yoy.
Brexit: France activates no-deal plan Prime Minister Edouard Philippe says a no-
'More old leavers died' The contempt &amp; fanatism of this elite garbage is disgusting &amp; dangerous. As a 'relatively' young 33 year old these EU zealots certainly do not speak for me. Shameful. #Brexit
Brexit: France activates no-deal plan Prime Minister Edouard Philippe says a no-
Not a Democrat then
#Muslim #Brexit #AFD #London PC "Logic" and Islam
With 16% of the UK’s #education workforce from EU countries, Scotland and UK universities are built on recruiting and retaining talented academic staff from a broad range of countries. How are these institutions likely to cope after #Brexit?
The party politic posturing that’s been going on has been genuinely disgusting to watch. Brexit is deader than that parrot in Monty Python. Start coming up with some constructive alternatives for the country. Personally I think that should be either revoke or extend.
France triggers €50m contingency plan in case of no-deal Brexit. PM must take threat of no-deal off the table. The chaos created by the Tories is extending beyond the UK's shores, resulting in our EU partners having to re-direct millions in funding
So if No Deal is off the table, and May's Deal is off the table, and there clearly isn't time to negotiate another deal, surely by default that means we're left with No Brexit? Sounds good to me.
Ditch The Red Lines’ on Brexit for Negotiations: Jeremy Corbyn to PM May
Brexit Hits Another Bump | LPL Financial Research
The latest Techno-Enviro-Info-Photo Daily! Thanks to #brexit #osint
Theresa May's Brexit deal - Only Fools and Horses version via
UK in deadlock over Brexit 'Plan B' as May and Corbyn double down
Stephen Colbert flies Mary Poppins into a Brexit apocalypse
#Brexit poll reveals support for Remain at highest level since referendum following defeat of deal! 56% say they would opt to stay in the EU!
I’m sure it was a once in a generation chance. Generation different from a lifetime. BUT........... wasn’t it mentioned that the only way to guarantee membership on the EU was to vote NO to independence Then in the next breath there was brexit. Scotland didn’t vote for.
what can be done to get our MP’s to do what they promised to do by delivering brexit as the country democratically voted for. Forget your views on whether we should leave or stay. Our great country sent out an instruction #getagrip
Yes. I do think if the purists on all sides can swallow their pride then a very soft Brexit compromise might be possible. If not, then the war continues, within and between parties. No outcome will please everyone.
New article (Remainer Chancellor Tells Big Business MPs Will Stop Clean Brexit in Leaked Call) has been published on The Daily Digest - #WalkAway
British PM faces confidence vote after Brexit humiliation
Sign up, don’t give them any joy
4 min summary #UK #Labour Manifesto 2017 - 2. Negotiating #Brexit via
True A statement in the obvious, but nevertheless true #brexit #brexitshambles #Brexiteers #ukip #StopBrexit #leave #FBPE #DespiteBrexit #cleanbrexit #BrexitBritain #EU
Not much is getting attention apart from Brexit but this is important...
Superb on-point takedown by of Tory bungling of #Brexit as comeupppance of entitiled but unqualified Oxbridge elite, still lost in nostalgia for lost Empire, yet somehow still in charge: "Malign Incompetence of British Ruling Class"
This is why most if not all referenda are pointless, it defeats the purpose of representative government. Now that Parliament got Britons into this clusterfuck the next step should be a ranked choice vote between the proposed deal, no deal, or remaining in the EU #brexit
this is Brexit
EU Brexit negotiator Barnier: If Britain wants a deal that goes further than free trade, we are open #forex #finance #trading #news #markets #economics #investing #fx
It is absolutely disgusting. A death count of the elderly because you don’t like the fact many voted for #Brexit. Utter fascism.
Well, if Brazil exits Mercosur you can call it... Brexit. Very convenient.
Brexit: Business leaders call for second referendum
The only thing we should need troops for is to protect UN observers at the next General Election count to stop the Tories stealing it again through voter registration fraud, 'losing' 1000's of postal votes and giving ballot counting to a firm owned by a Tory donor.
Good news today as legislation was announced for a three-year run-off regime so pre-Brexit insurance contracts from certain UK based insurers can continue to be serviced in the event of a 'no-deal' Brexit. #Brexit #Insurance
A GE is pointless. It wouldn't solve the Brexit mess. We'd be choosing between Labour Brexit or Tory Brexit. We want NO BREXIT
But you're overlooking how much damage would be done to the hopes of Corbyn forming a government if he nods along with Brexit
UK #financial services firms shift £800bn in assets to EU due to geopolitical and #regulatory uncertainties that a potential no #Brexit deal may bring -
When the border poll comes, the number of Tories coming to help Unionism won't fill a single aisle on a single Ryanair flight. The rest, like Ken Clarke, will be glad its gone.
I meant Brexit.
This tweet was definitely not inspired by the email from the VC we just got reassuring EU staff and students that they are valued despite all the Brexit demagoguery. The one about international staff/students and the hostile environment must have gone to spam.
Small detail. UKIP proved that you can have a massive following and vote base, 1 MP. We need reform away from 1st past the post. THEN people who vote UKIP see MPs. I say again work with ForBritan to get Brexit. We can reform vote system. You then go head to head in a credible GE!
(And worse, his moderate MPs are facilitating this because of their obsession with Brexit. They are still so shaken by the reault that they have lost sight of everything else - to their proper shame.)
A snap poll conducted in the wake of the crushing defeat of 's #Brexit plan found a 12-point lead for remaining in the EU - the largest margin since the 2016 referendum.
Don't care what your position on #Brexit is, this is disgusting from
Polls show (&amp; have done for some time) that if Labour go into GE supporting #Brexit this will have a disastrous effect. They will be wiped out in Scotland &amp; come 3rd in %ge terms across UK. Btw this was a cross party move to stop Labour from running the clock down like the Tories
Wow! #Frauderendum16 #RevokeA50 12% lead to Remain!
Remainer Chancellor Tells Big Business MPs Will Stop Clean Brexit in Leaked Call
But - it was never about wheels rolling at the ports. The fear is fear that the whole ‘European Project‘ is doomed without the UK. Honestly, the EU will go bankrupt with or without us. When the Titanic sank it was safer to be in a lifeboat rather than the deck.
Theresa May survived but Brexit is still weighting on FTSE 100.mp4: via
Brexit: Gavin Williamson announces plan to call up Army reserves for no deal
Will they have the power to do that if the EU still call the shots and squandered this opportunity to make that space for himself. He knows this, others dont. #brexit indeed #wtobrexit to give corbyn the powers and authority he needs.
Mind you, have you ever seen this? #PeterShore...extremely prescient in my humble opinion.... Where are Conviction MP's like him in ANY Party now? #Brexit never shown on tv in 1975 due to bias... figures...
{editor} Scotland to seek ‘billions’ from UK Government to support farmers in no-deal Brexit
I am not, in any way, trying to say that imperialism was not a specifically awful arena, and it's a great way of looking at Brexit. But I do think that unless we see humans as muddled/short-sighted/mistake-prone we have a tendency to assume some wise alternatives exist...
Brexit: France activates no-deal plan Prime Minister Edouard Philippe says a no-
We have decided! TWICE! 52% in the referendum and 89% (a supermajority) of votes cast in the general election for candidates promising a hard Brexit and the sovereign parliament has passed that action into law. There is no decision left to take. We now demand they DELIVER Brexit
Corbyn's refusal to hold Brexit talks with May sparks fury among MPs
All well and good but why didn't she do this at the beginning? Surely this is a cross party issue and therefore the ONLY way to attack it is with open and cooperative discussion?! 'Theresa May meeting MPs 'to seek consensus' #Brexit #TheresaMay #shambles
In which I insult all our Welsh readers but reveal a fascinating fact about cat-inflicted injuries. You lucky people.
unfortunate. Means 'war' in Dutch. #Brexit
Maybe you shouldn’t have whipped your MPs to vote for triggering Art 50 then. Just a thought.
Can I remind you that in #DoctorWho Resolution, Chibnall removed UNIT (with a brexit joke!), forgot Torchwood, made a cringey "joke" about society and then proceeded to kill a Dalek with a Microwave and the power of a Father-Son bond. #Chibnallout
Wow. I expected you to at least *try* and justify getting into bed (again) with the most reprehensible government in living memory. You can Google the answer to your question - where's the answer to mine? How will propping up TMay secure a People's Vote?
What strange irony that the Lib Dems strategy could lead to a clean break Brexit. Brexit appears to be the issue that drives all men and women in Westminister mad.
What are the Irish government’s #Brexit priorities? A united #Ireland is not one of them according to in her latest blog for the Centre.
56% of British residents polled now support staying in the EU, the highest percentage since the nation’s disastrous, Russian-backed vote to leave
You’d think Jezza might’ve thought about putting ‘stop firing missiles into Israel’ on the table as a pre-condition to his talks with Hamas. But no. He doesn’t do pre-conditions, he wants a chaotic Brexit.
Thank you Sammy
Wouldn’t advise moving to Scotland at the moment. If you think Brexit is a bad tempered affair you ain’t seen nothing yet. Most Scots hate each other thanks to the snp and the independence referendum.
Democracy is not threatening. A 2nd Ref is not unwanted by me and millions like me. Sturgeon is more focused than a laser beam. Brexit has hee-haw to do with Independence and breaking up will be a joy to behold. The UK is finished. It did it all by itself.
People's Vote: 88% of members want it. Support for any Brexit would damage Labour for 20 years &amp; hand the baton to , dividing the social democratic vote. your last chance. #EndtheMess #BacktotheFuture #Frauderendum16
Britain's prime minister talks to her political opponents in a desperate bid to get a Brexit deal, while other EU countries ramp up preparations for the impact of Britain leaving the bloc without a deal.
Even with the spaceship, Brian still ends up being crucified.
so, I see Brexit is going well...
Politicians are set to debate Brexit again this month
Is all this Brexit stuff getting overwhelming? Don’t worry #TheNewsmakers is here to help. Here’s a little video explaining what more than 400 MPs rejected in parliament.
Brexit, the uncivil war.
VIDEO: 'It's a bizarre thing... I don't disrespect her because she takes a different view of Brexit than me.' Tony Blair responds to PM's jibe that his call for 2nd referendum is an 'insult to the office he once held'. #Brexit
Talk about a massive own goal, Wales. Brexit has turned Wales into Little England's sidekick that always gets a slap when things go wrong. Da iawn :/
Brexit: Rule out no-deal, Jeremy Corbyn tells Theresa May
The latest The St. Columbkille Catholic Parish Daily News! #mass4life #brexit
A single thing Brexit will improve that isn't already underway or that couldn't be implemented using current policy. You know, the crux of the debate? You seem to be struggling a little away from playground insults and resorting to emoticons?
Jeremy Corbyn was happy in the past to talk to the IRA, Hezbollah, Hamas and the Assad regime - all without preconditions. Yet he refuses to talk to the British Prime Minister about the biggest issue facing our country today. #Brexit
Why....... grandad please.
All we’ve heard is criticism of any proposal. Now you have an opportunity of being involved in a plan you run away. Grow a set and work with others to formulate a Brexit outcome. With position comes responsibility, if you can’t take responsibility you shouldn’t be a leader.
Don't you have positive news/link from Brexit groups to put here. I have plenty of negative news from the Remain groups
Important post from . Ultimately the will of #labour to avoid a party split will propel it into backing a #PeoplesVote . In my view, securing Labour support is vital.
Brexit The Final Countdown: Second vote now MORE likely than no deal warns Commons insider
I know you must be fibbing because you lips are moving...#fraud
So...does anyone wanna talk about Brexit with a lowly American?
Not enough room in a tweet. Fear of the pro-"Hard Brexit" establishment press turning on the Tories; and of voter discontent if Parliament overturns a referendum result that the idiotic David Cameron told the nation would be binding. Questions of present and future power in play.
wrote a great opening to his “Brexit - What the hell happens next”. So prescient. Have a quick read of the opening here ...then buy it!
The letter in effect sets out what said in his speech. Possibility of No deal = no talks. I am told this applies to all frontbenchers. Yvette Cooper and Hilary Benn are in Downing St for talks right now.
Unfortunately it is a Pandora’s Box that will almost impossible to close. The Brexit vote has tainted and poisoned our civil discourse for probably a generation if not two. And that’s even if it is cancelled. I am fearful of the future either way.
JC had every opportunity to seize the initiative with Brexit and gain power, but he has blown it along with the faith invested in him. He has in his way, contributed to the mess the country is in.
Yes, he means we're not leaving. He's been pretty clear on that all along. The question is - what are we going to about it when Brexit is finally betrayed?
You’ll have a hard time explaining to an independent Scotland why you were willing to sacrifice its interests over some misplaced love of the union when that union has put us through all this, and you were willing to watch us go down with the Brexit ship.
same over here in the U.K. Don...#Brexit #JeremyCorbyn #Labour
Hamas would probably get a better Brexit deal to be fair
You obviously weren’t listening. In the context of Brexit did the FM mention independence to the PM.
Which two weeks ago they went on record as saying they wouldn’t just not do, but that they were shocked the idea was even being raised. It’s all FINE.
If we end up with a jobs-destroying Hard Brexit - here are it's architects.
The latest The Scottish Food, Baking, Tablet Daily! Thanks to #bbcgms #brexit
It was a shit idea then, it is a shit idea now. Pretty sure all these complications we are facing now are due to the fact the original idea was terrible. #Brexit #brexitdebate #BrexitDeal
We are leaving on WTO you doddering old fart. Now get on your bike and Foxtrot Oscar
Thread. highlighting the flaw in Labour's logic for refusing to discuss #Brexit with the Government. Yet another reminder that British politics is yet to accept its choices on the issue: To paraphrase Donald Tusk these are the deal, no deal or no Brexit.
Yes Digby but have you seen what Hammond has been telling big business? Snuffing out Brexit on behalf of Amazon etc.
HeleneBismarck BritishInEurope Many of us are tired but as determined as ever to #RescueOurRights. We have been urging both sides, the EUCouncil &amp; 10DowningStreet, to do the only sensible thing, to take our #citizensrights off the table. To ring-fence t…
I really don't understand when politicians say a second referendum is the solution. To what exactly? Brexit wouldn't go away, even if Remain was on the ballot &amp; won. And I doubt it would win even against a No-Deal Leave option anyway. Then what...?
Very interesting to hear Emmanuel Macron's assessment of what will happen next (I mean read, my French isn't that good)
It was always blindingly obvious that any referendum set up by the Tories would be fixed
no future for Oxford dreaming
Millions of EU citizens cannot access personal records, high court told Home Office rules could stop people from asserting right to stay in UK after Brexit, our QC argued in court today.
There was nothing on the referendum ballot paper about Brexit meaning that we have to have an independent trade policy. Equally there wasn't anything about having a trade deal with the eu
I am reading "rule out a No-Deal Brexit" as a politician's way of saying we must put a mechanism in place whereby Article 50 must be either revoked or extended before 29th March if no Withdrawal Agreement has been ratified by then, i.e. revocation/ extension becomes the default.
Given the fact lies were told, that the vote leave campaign broke electoral law, that there is now an overwhelming consensus that a no-deal Brexit will be catastrophic, and that there is increasing evidence the electorate no longer support it...reconsideration is justified.
No point. I and many I have spoken to will not bother to vote if we don't Brexit as promised.
It's either this (a traditional leftist strategy that has worked sooo well over the course of the last century and a bit) or they haven't got a strategic brain but love the warm feel-good glow they get from posturing!
Yes Jezza has totally lost me over this. Love his left wing policies, but he should have really done better after the last antisemitism scandle, &amp; Brexit! My God- he has proven himself a total hypocrite re: democracy.
Interesting read, interesting take on history, and interesting replies from the Twitter side ...
FYI.. 17 January Weekly podcast: US government websites, Liberia DDoS attacker and no-deal Brexit #ITgovernance
Such a bad thing all round. Remainer Parliament only interested in stopping Brexit.
Children, as I have ALWAYS said.. more intelligent, caring &amp; united than the dross that governs us &amp; the media that eschews us. This is their future too, a future about to be fractured. #Brexit #kids
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
Sigh. The negotiations are over, The EU is not going to reopen then to renegotiate a new deal that separate the 4 freedoms. We know this because the EU has said so. Labour's "policy" of negotiating a soft brexit is pure fantasy for the fanboys
When you actually grow up &amp; get out of your academic bubble going out into the real world is going to be SUCH an eye opener to you, having got a piece of paper saying your a dr of something doesn’t give you common sense, you get that when you’ve worked for 30yrs in the real world
David Allen Green has unaccountably failed to read my thread
Nightmare on Downing St. #brexit BBC News - Brexit: What happens now?
Given that the Prime Minister could rule out a no deal #Brexit by a stroke of a pen , this is a clear provocation for political purposes , directly aimed at those who won’t agree with her disgraceful deal and therefore a shameful and culpable abuse of the military.
Only a rupture with the EU will alter the failed status quo | Larry Elliott
A democracy that cannot change its mind is not a democracy. The people may do that when presented with the whole picture after seeing only a partial or distorted one. It has taken more than 30 months to shift from “Fantasy Brexit” to “Reality Brexit.”
So says extreme right wing neoliberal lobby group supporting needs of the rich/ big business...the rich doubled their wealth since the 2008 financial crash everyone else declined or stagnated thanks to neoliberalism and greedy bankers..#brexit #bbcnews #bbcbias #skynews #c4news
UK in deadlock over Brexit 'Plan B' as May and Corbyn double down
Pot calling kettle black comes to mind
Brexit is a huge material change that Scotland and N.Ireland did not vote for. Why should the people of those countries be punished bc of some angry and (in some cases) racist people? ***please note, I have clearly said “in some cases”***
AB Foods says no-deal Brexit would be 'reckless'
#Frauderendum16 #RevokeA50 12% lead to Remain !
[Gamblers predicted Brexit before financial traders, study finds] #news #share2steem
We Won't be bought, but we ARE being Conned. The way this is being handled is disgusting
He is so right, it is a sad day when instead of cross party coalition on the outcome of #Brexit the Conservative has done what they think is best. it is not in the interest of the British people to leave without a deal. If you think it is please provide evidence.
"The British political class has offered to the world an astounding spectacle of mendacious, intellectually limited hustlers" writes Pankaj Mishra. Indeed; and these absolute idiots deserve nothing less than public opprobrium for the rest of their lives.
Struggling to see how Teflon "Tony Blair" is relevant today. Comments here are worrying, some saying that they wish he could sort out the #Brexit mess. Er, he's not the Labour leader anymore but he is rather rich. He might be able to lend #JeremyCorbyn money for a makeover.
When we used to have “proper”wrestling on TV. The Royle brothers, Mick McManus, Alf Cadman, Johnny Kwango et al, this would have been called a catch weight contest. I have no agenda for Morgan, but Gary isn’t in the same league. The wing nut.
Who's us you prick the UK, or the rampant simpletons who believe brexit is anything but a massive cluster fuck. No I do not speak for the simpletons that have helped this mess evolve.
For those who look at our Allies to understand world politics a bit better! BREXIT as intended to be a process voted by its citizens to consolidate all facets of the British Empire once again! It has been badly distorted!
Pathetic comment. supported Lab no-conf vote on Tues &amp; as article says ‘we will support any real opportunity to take down the Tories with relish’. But ‘we will not be party to Corbyn using spurious means to avoid Labour policy, by pursuing unwinnable no-confidence votes’
A thread on how Britain has ended up in the appalling, absurd place it is in now.
I don’t buy this, &amp; I say that as someone who believes Brexit is a fundamental foreign, defence and economic policy mistake that will have long term negative societal impacts. Much as I wish it werent true, reality is that leave would win another vote.
Unbelievable! She doesn’t understand the meaning of the word! Just like the liberal DEMOCRATS, they want to have endless referendums until we come up with the correct answer.
'Mendacious, intellectually limited hustlers' - yes, it's Britain's ruling class again!
I just ripped a Bollocks to Brexit sticker off of one of the doors in the library and I don't think I've ever felt so empowered
INFH UXEYX 170119153146
People's Vote: 88% of members want it. Support for any Brexit would damage Labour for 20 years &amp; hand the baton to , dividing the social democratic vote. your last chance. #EndtheMess #BacktotheFuture #Frauderendum16
Who says it's unwanted? I suspect the majority would like one now given the Brexit shambles and the incompetence of those running the show.
Never heard of until last night but my goodneds this speech is pretty much spot on. Outstanding I'm fact. I think I'd vote for this guy. #Brexit #BrexitVote
Time to relieve these gutless MPs of their duties.
even if May delivers a full hard Brexit, I still won't vote for the Tories ever.
If this was a Middle Eastern country we would have invaded and bombed the shit out of it by now #NoConfidence #Brexit #GeneralElectionNow
Amidst #Brexit uncertainty, 's monthly Business Trends report has shown that business confidence has hit a two year low.
brexit is official rip but u always need to a passport to go to another country
Upcoming #H2020 Financial Management Training in #Coimbra #Portugal Last places are available to register here: … #HorizonEurope #ResearchImpactEU #EU #EuropeanUnion #Europe #Brussels #Lisbon #Porto #Erasmus #Innovation #Funds #LinkedIn #Brexit
Despite the growing risk of a no-deal Brexit, many tech companies don't know how to prepare themselves — or even whether they can.
"Britain is governed by a self-involved clique that rewards group membership above competence and self-confidence above expertise.” In Brexit, the British “chumocracy,” the column declared, “has finally met its Waterloo.”...
Brexit: France activates no-deal plan Prime Minister Edouard Philippe says a no-
He may not be refusing Brexit, but his version of leave doesn't sound so bad.
I don’t think there is much to be done my PM now. But to either resign or take it to people’s vote. We are in this situation at the first place because no one received the correct information on how brexit will plan out in 2016. Therefore, it is only correct to get another say
Tories started this #Brexit mess, Tories shall go down with it. He would get burnt if he came too close to it. Once Brexit is decided, one way or another, it will be easier for him to take over.
INFH UXEYX 170119153156
One of go to experts destroys his argument about Corbyn and no deal. Discombobulating.
I'm hoping for an action based reaction, the cost of not completing Brexit must be high. The positive is that the uprising and anarchy of the underclass may finally happen.
Let’s have a second referendum with the hope that our scare mongering, and propaganda have changed the public’s opinions of if they want to stay or remind... Mrs May being unable to negotiate an adequate deal for #Brexit should not be reason enough for a second referendum!
Sure but no ones saying anything about back and forth. It's a contuining, ever changing problem with no fixed outcome or solution. To dismiss it as "back and forth" is to say all those whose lives will be destroyed by Brexit are worthless. Be better than that.
Whether you’re a leave or remain voter. I think we can all agree our government has failed the country. They’ve made a complete mess of Brexit. So what now? I’m sick of hearing the word “uncertainty” over and over. #Brexit #BrexitShambles
Welcome to the Blunderdome !!!
INCOMING: HERD OF SHEEPLE HIJACKING A POST ABOUT MENTAL HEALTH AND TURNING IT INTO THEIR OWN SELFISH VIEWS ON BREXIT. SCUM
Can I ask you , as a Labour Party member myself exactly what the question would be which would be put to vote and how those questions will be decided? I think it is only the PM who can call a PV and I definitely would not want to have a PV called by May
"[Brexit] ... takes a lot of the oxygen out of the room &amp; other things either get left behind or they get moved through at a rate when they really need more scrutiny from civil society &amp; in parliament." #Brexit #HumanRights #SocialJustice
Brexit: France activates no-deal plan +1 EuroBot #Europe #news
Brilliant prose on a difficult subject but what can Pankaj Mishra not write about? #chumocracy is a word. #Brexit The Malign Incompetence of the British Ruling Class
Speaking of Brexit, we're putting on a panel discussion on what it could mean for authors and publishers on 26 Feb. (Well, someone needs to figure it out.) Speakers include our CEO, , CEO &amp; :
Vince Cable has absolutely no plan apart from getting a second referendum and praying to god that people vote to remain. What if people vote leave again? Has he not considered that? Genuinely reaching out here, someone please tell me the Lib Dem policy on Brexit if there is one.
I don't want any Brexit. I want the Tories out. I want a proper form of proportional representation &amp; an end to the two party system so that each country &amp; region within the UK can have an equal voice. If that doesn't happen then, yes, I want an independent Wales &amp; Scotland!
If there was a referendum, they would need much more time than in 2016 to make sure that it was fair. Should it be a binding or advisory referendum? Any deal offered must have a thumbs up from Brussels. Any WA offered must make it clear it only leads to a blind Brexit.
Corbyn's refusal to hold Brexit talks with May sparks fury among MPs
Dear Mme : This is how you break the gridlock in the British Althing. Let each #Brexit faction appoint a champion. Land them on some small island and let them fight the holmgang until only one remains. Theirs is the outcome favoured by God and destiny. #MeaningfulVote
Corbyn bashing as Tory chancellor literally conspires with fat cat global business to kill Brexit. And then they'll wonder why Corbyn wins and the Tories lose.
A democracy that cannot change its mind is not a democracy. The people may do that when presented with the whole picture after seeing only a partial or distorted one. It has taken more than 30 months to shift from “Fantasy Brexit” to “Reality Brexit.”
Reservists Could Be Deployed In Case Of No-Deal Brexit
Brexit.
Philip Hammond has been branded "treacherous" by a Conservative colleague after he told business leaders that a no-deal Brexit could be "taken off the table" and Article 50 "rescinded".
Theresa May survives no-confidence vote after Brexit setback British Prime Minister Theresa May narrowly survived a no-confidence vote called by opposition Labour Party leader Jeremy Corbyn on Wednesday, a day...
... reality is too frightening though! #Brexit
The key Brexit dates in 2018 and 2019 – from the EU summit to the ‘meaningful vote’ and the end of the transition period
I'm outside the Cabinet Office where MPs are meeting ministers to find a way through the Brexit crisis. Just inside the door is a poster saying GREEN IS GREAT BRITAIN and a photo of a British-designed building... the Reichstag in Berlin.
I don't appeal to him. He's become part of the problem. How bloody unfortunate for all the Labour members and voters that need a leader. How any Labour voter squares their anti-Brexit stance with his pro-Brexit one is beyond me.
Parents: take note
#FMQs i heard #scotland doesnt want 2 leave #EuropeanUnion with #Brexit is dat true?
This thread captures the insanity of Brexit neatly.
Tonight I'm attending a meeting organised by in which he, Gordon Brown and others will discuss where matters stand regarding brexit. Right now I am not feeling optimistic
Nuclear power is too expensive, build costs, running costs, decommissioning costs.Forget the brexit argument+its bad for the environment.And also you want to be part of a trade club that wants an army to stamp on anyone who wants to leave.Conscription perhaps.
You know this whole Brexit thing will have been worthwhile if there ends up being a UK red top headline that reads "SMELL THE GOVE"
A democracy that cannot change its mind is not a democracy. The people may do that when presented with the whole picture after seeing only a partial or distorted one. It has taken more than 30 months to shift from “Fantasy Brexit” to “Reality Brexit.”
Less than 4 months later Corbyn now refuses to speak to May and other Party leaders. He is a shamble and cannot be trusted.
UK government survives vote as May calls for Brexit compromise
THE PEOPLE VOTED BREXIT AND THEY WILL HAVE IT!
You're a traitor to this country!! No deal is the only card we have, and you want us to give it up, you clueless old cunt!
Dear Liz, This brexit crap could be sorted if you, as the Queen of the UK and common wealth became : The Empress of Europe.
Headlines for January 16, 2019 British PM Theresa May’s Brexit Deal Rejected by MPs in Historic Loss via
MAYNOT THE REAL ISSUE; IT'S THE TORY PARTY ITSELF! THEY GOT US INTO THIS MESS IN THE FIRST PLACE AND NOW USING MAY AS A SCAPEGOAT! TORIES NOW THE PARTY OF SOCIOPATHIC TENDENCIES! May will stick to Brexit 'principles' in cross-party talks, says No 10
Will everyone forget about Brexit like they did the fuel protests ?
That's what Blair said on R4 today. The world has gone mad when even he makes sense.
Does he know?
I'm afraid this is a (probably £) press story, but maybe you could trawl up the minutes of the Speaker's Committee around this date.
Surely the point is that there are different options with Brexit - such as the Norway deal, Canada deal as well as May's current deal and no deal. You can take no deal off the table and still have discussions on what is best of the rest to put forward.
And yet as we know, Indy is 3-5x WORSE for Scotland's revenue than even Brexit might be. According to the Scottish Government, of course....
creating the best lead #generating #sign up #form #landing pages.get your #landing page done by me.i am Always ready to work with new challenges.. see my offers:
The Ovinet by davy26 - #Arts #Computing #Culture #Engineering #Science #Technology #Brexit #davy26 #EU #EUreferendum #TheInternet #WorldWideWeb
Stocks fall after Morgan Stanley earnings miss estimates
think you'd agree with this!
You're passionate, but what happens if brexit is confirmed by a second vote? Having a second vote might not give the outcome you want.
People are clearly sick of reading news about #brexit.
A democracy that cannot change its mind is not a democracy. The people may do that when presented with the whole picture after seeing only a partial or distorted one. It has taken more than 30 months to shift from “Fantasy Brexit” to “Reality Brexit.”
It’s little bit too late...
The effects of Brexit on social security coverage for Kela’s clients
Thread by : "This Brexit business is a marvel. Genuinely. It’s borderline miraculous. Bear with me. 1/ As a culture, we focus on thoslanced moments when, against all odds, the stars align perfectly and great things are achieved. You know, Mir […]"
Labour are supporting Tory brexit and helping run down the clock and not providing people's vote. Time for Labour to jump out of bed with the Tories and do the right thing for the country
Ca a proper understanding of how they are in fact handling it be divorced from their views about it? May be relevant that they ruling elite was overwhelmingly opposed to Brexit, never imagined it would be voted for - then was charged with implementing it...
I have a question. This is my MP on TV saying no one in parliament wants a no deal Brexit so why won't May take that option off the table (as requested by Corbyn and the SNP chap) in order to open up discussions to break the Brexit deadlock?
This all sounds interesting in theory, and maybe it could even offer a solution, but it would require the UK to have a functioning government and a rational approach as a starting point.
Philip Hammond has been branded "treacherous" by a Conservative colleague after he told business leaders that a no-deal Brexit could be "taken off the table" and Article 50 "rescinded".
BBCNEWS 6:31am Saturday BREXIT TALKS
It also would never get past a majority pro-Brexit Parliament.
I blame Brexit
I personally think he should be given a chance, I mean how far off Gotham City will the UK really be post-Brexit?
That cant be a bridge that captain Stark i think , brexit enjoyner with fast food
But we are leaving on the 29th March this year
She's done what now? This is the future of our country, not just some party political wrinkle she's kicking down the road!
Catching up with #PoliticsLive - seems to be dismissing Tory party members views on Brexit. Do so at your peril!
May came up with a deal that everybody hated and which was voted down. Nobody has voted down Brexit, and it has been repeatedly stated that this result must be honoured.
Remainer Chancellor Tells Big Business MPs Will Stop Clean Brexit in Leaked Call
MPs pushing for 2nd referendum in meetings with Government being shown papers outlining work that’s been done on this....work suggesting it’s all very tricky and would take months #brexit
Immediately after the referendum, George Osbourne abandoned his promise to create a budget surplus by 2020 because he expected Brexit to leave a massive hole in the UK's finances.
So a solution that requires an English Parliament &amp; means English access to EU trade flows from NI &amp; Scottish membership. EP not bad idea as such but would take years Given cost of DUP conf and supply imagine how much one could charge for trade access. #Brexitandtheunion
First Referendum not been implemented yet Demanding second vote because you lost is insulting &amp; undemocratic 2nd referendum will be neither free nor fair, Establishment won;t make that mistake again If Brexit is subverted there will be civil war
Mary Poppins hunts zombies in a post-Brexit apocalypse in kinda plausible 'Late Show' sketch
Correct, until yesterday a short delay (no longer than 2 July) was expected to allow EU elections without U.K. The changes in seats was not the driving factor, but U.K. representation was. As of yesterday, EU is indicating willingness to delay Brexit until next year.
Watch Theresa May's most repeated phrases from her Brexit speeches via
After Brexit we won't need jobs!
.skip Plan B, C, D, and the rest of the alphabet, just go to Plan XXX, the Stormy Daniel’s Plan, fuck everything!
17 January Weekly podcast: US government websites, Liberia DDoS attacker and no-deal Brexit: This week, we discuss how the US government shutdown is affecting federal websites’ security, the sentencing of a man who knocked Liberia’s Internet offline with…
Brexit Brief: Prime Minister in search of Plan B after surviving no confidence vote
Despite Losing Vote for Brexit Plan, Prime Minister Theresa May Wins Confidence Vote... via
Brexit?
Brexit: Gavin Williamson announces plan to call up Army reserves for no deal
You’ve just said it. ‘Different possibilities’. Parliament can’t decide on a way forward with brexit so maybe the public can. Norway vs May deal vs WTO
It's the default, no further action is required. To overturn No Deal requires changes to both EU &amp; UK law, and there are only 51 working days until Brexit.
A democracy that cannot change its mind is not a democracy. The people may do that when presented with the whole picture after seeing only a partial or distorted one. It has taken more than 30 months to shift from “Fantasy Brexit” to “Reality Brexit.”
This caller hasn't given a single reason for Brexit. He's not even given a reason for leaving UKIP are welcome to him
not really nicola's priority to put UK first is it
"Imperial virility."
Take our free Brexit Impact Check to find how how your trade could be impacted by Brexit. It should take you approximately 15-20 minutes. #internationaltrade#brexit #hardbrexit #customsbrokerage #customsclearance #brexitvote #customs
Brexit never was a 'Project of the Right'. It's actually a decision of the British People. Some seem to lose sight of that.
Don’t be a twat Jezzer
Spot on.
All the Tories love you Jezzer. This post means that all those Leave voting constituencies that Labour are targeting in order to get a Parliamentary majority will never vote for a Labour candidate. You’re the best asset the Tories have ever had. Love you xxxx
UK in deadlock over Brexit 'Plan B' as May and Corbyn double down (Reuters)
Should the average British voter be asked to vote on the complexities of such a deal? Of course not. Which is precisely why nobody should have given voters the illusion that Brexit was as easy as deciding whether you prefer a blue or red passport.
must understand that #RollsRoyce cars, before their stewardship, were built to last and that #BMW brand "built for obsolescence" and poor quality customer care are not acceptable for Rolls Royce owners. Hopefully #Brexit will lead to a change of ownership of
“Brexit you voted for” no one bloody knew!
Theresa May survived but Brexit is still weighting on FTSE 100.mp4: via
Break Brexit log jamb with Treble Damages as per US anti-monopoly Sherman Act AND Ozone Party 0.001% Money Turnover Tax. Present negotiators are stupidly ignorant; tweet a reply for more info.
It is undemocratic not to go back to the people! . Given information peeps change their minds. Please allow them a voice. #PeoplesVoteNow
Zombie take on brexit?
People's Vote: 88% of members want it. Support for any Brexit would damage Labour for 20 years &amp; hand the baton to , dividing the social democratic vote. your last chance. #EndtheMess #BacktotheFuture #Frauderendum16
If you’re a Mechanical Engineer in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a tragedy for you. If you live in the West Midlands then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this fiasco! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Brexit being used as a game or pawn for political gain &amp; vanity Our Country &amp; childrens futures at stake Brexit will make UK poorer start economic decline with less control Labour F/Bench Shamelessly does the bare minimum &amp; looks the other way Public can see this &amp; will Remember
The latest poisonlandia's daily news..! #brexit #schittscreek
Looking to step in if the #DUP abandon ship? #labour #libdems #Conservatives #Brexit
Reality Check: we voted to leave, not for a light Brexit! We want to leave on WTO rules, regardless of your appetite for it! Respect democracy!
It’s taken me an hour of trekking between ALL THE PHARMACIES in town to find these, which are the o my way that I can function when I get a #migraine- which happens about every fortnight at the moment: #medicineshortages are already happening. Thanks for nothing #brexit fans.
FORBIDDEN: NOT TO BE REAS BY BREXIT ELITE OR THEIR FOLLOWERS: but the rest of us can enjoy a good chuckle here
&lt; Hey Angela. I currently drive an Audi. I won't be getting another in two years time. #Brexit
Hit the nail on the head he puts brexit above knife crime TFL shambles he is not fit for purpose
They have had to planned the whole time to force another vote. Fight for your Democracy! Hard Brexit if need be! You will still come out ahead in the long run!
17.01.2019 #theresa_may survived #NoConfidenceVote and has a clear mission: New Deal or Bust! #BrexitDeal , #Brexit, #Misstrauensvotum, #Europa
This is where we're on common ground. Indirectly the process has failed and is a contempt on democracy; hence, understand the cemented frustration and so forth. I cannot show you a Brexit other than on WTO, of the view it doesn't yet exist.
The latest CFAwareness! Thanks to #cysticfibrosis #brexit
Yes, , the job of the Opposition is to oppose. We are not governed by Grand Coalitions, and never should be. Even during the War, the ILP held to that. But #Brexit is a different situation. If you are not at the table, you are on the menu.
See all the folk shouting for a second referendum on #Brexit. What is your stance on Scotland and an #indyref2 ????
Correct Pat. MP's who wish to remain are lying bastards, no deal was not on the remain/leave question, nobody mentioned a deal in 2016, just that remainers did say leave means leave, remain politicians are lying scum of the earth, we will remember them.
A depressingly accurate thread.
I don't mind the findings, I just question the leading questions. If Brexit will be bad for you, do you hate Brexit? I think polling should be put in the hands of something like the OBR, if it has to be done at all.
The latest #trending today! #brexit #ghostbusters
Theresa May battles to keep Brexit on track after no-confidence win
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT
Of course MSM have conveniently forgotten this &amp; the problem is not Corbyn it is and her hard right Tory members who are ERG MEMBERS and want HARD Brexit She puts party before country
(see link) How to use the Humble address to Revoke Article 50.
Brexit being used as a game or pawn for political gain &amp; vanity Our Country &amp; childrens futures at stake Brexit will make UK poorer start economic decline with less control Labour F/Bench Shamelessly does the bare minimum &amp; looks the other way Public can see this &amp; will Remember
presenters need to make up their mind. Last week Corbyn was secretly planning a no-deal Brexit. Now, after explicitly trying to get May to rule out no-Deal Brexit, Brexit's apparently a left wing project... Why such obsessive focus on the opposition, and not the g'ment?!
Then the Queen should step in and abolish Parliament entirely..!
Please progressives and democratic Socialists support brexit! We can be free from EU tyranny.
Delicious thread, #brexit #BrexitShambles
GO WTO BREXIT NOW!
By default we've to be prepared to function under WTO otherwise there is nothing to negotiate. There may be a price to pay but it has to be understood that Brexit is about more than short-term revenues. Would people have voted differently if they knew the price of exit? Dont Know
Brexit: France activates no-deal plan
Remember, we are currently only 2,104 tweets away from a No Deal Brexit.
(To be fair, we have some amazing British cheese producers in other styles - but the uncertainty about Brexit means they can’t easily invest in ramping up to meet hypothetical demand)
Visitors from EU countries to London falls 750,000 amid ‘Brexit boycott’ - Evening Standard
Brexit: France activates no-deal plan
You are watching the sad end of the 1707 union We will not be kept in it by force No siree
There is no good Brexit deal, simply because deal mean being in UE and not being in UE at the same time, it’s not obvious? #brexit #nobrexit #deal #nodeal #UE #UK #itsjustmyprivateopinion
Footage emerges of Theresa May trying to persuade Jezza to come and negotiate last night. #Brexit #JeremyCorbyn
Imho Corbyn is completely clear in his mind. He doesn't want to cooperate with May, because helping her to craft a workable Brexit deal wd mean giving up his hope of early GE. Calling for her to "take no deal off the table," which he knows she can't do, ensures he won't have to.
Sod Brexit.
As the Tory Brexit crisis continues Corbyn’s “Best PM” ratings drop to post GE2017 low via
Brexit: France activates no-deal plan #activates #brexit #france #news #breakingnews
Demographics it’s not cruel it’s facts. Real problem for the UK age and eduction were such a indicator of voting preference on Brexit.
Putin must be having quite a laugh. Sowing discord with #redcaps and #YellowVests on either side of the Atlantic, throwing Britain into turmoil with the #Brexit debacle. Is it Making Russia Great Again yet?
Brexit
We just need to remind her about the withdrawal agreement and bill for Scotland ...
From a French perspective, yes there are gilets jaunes, but things are working, &amp; Macron *isn't* proposing to demolish all France's trade treaties, regulatory authorities, and agreements with the EU and other nations. And preparedness for no-deal Brexit is better here than in UK.
It's the Perfect Storm of incompetence. I have never known a situation when both the PM and Leader of the opposition are so awful. Even if Labour had an average leader, they would be home and dry by now and kicked Brexit into touch.
A democracy that cannot change its mind is not a democracy. The people may do that when presented with the whole picture after seeing only a partial or distorted one. It has taken more than 30 months to shift from “Fantasy Brexit” to “Reality Brexit.”
Looks like an ad from 1986. Don't spend £4 bn on Brexit. Give it to schools.
Not saying he has handled much if any of Brexit well, but the subservience of the BBC political coverage to Tory loyalty is breath-taking and unhealthy to out democracy. She should at this stage be taking No-Deal off the table.
As the Tory Brexit crisis continues Corbyn’s “Best PM” ratings drop to post GE2017 low
But I want a Referendum on REMAIN, or LEAVE with NO DEAL!NOW! Think we could win that, but if it all gets messed up with this deal or that deal, the arguments continue.
Was this before or after you decided to attempt to work closely with MPs and other parties to find a way of making Brexit work (AKA clearing up after your historic failure)? Think you're going about it a little wrong, lads...
#Softer Brexit option would cause Conservative party to 'explode', Theresa May is warned #news
Remarkable
This article might as well have been written in acid. It eviscerates the public schoolboys running this country into the ground. Loved the line about the top-hatted Rees-mogg investing his dosh in the EU while bad mouthing it at home. This is a painful must-read
Corbyn isn’t showing anyone anything. He treats Brexit the same as his wreath laying. #presentbutnotparticipating
To be fair, it is in everyone’s interest to help achieve an orderly Brexit. Both the EU and U.K. will likely suffer a bit in the short term and ensuring it is minimized helps everyone. That is not to say that capitulation is the name of the game, just a sense of mindfulness.
Germany and France signal willingness to delay Brexit -
Hi Please take a look at this. Earlier, you tweeted that JC refused to meet the PM with no reason. I suggested getting hearing aids as you missed Corbyn tell the PM to rule out a No Deal before any talks take place. Now you can test your glasses out. Have fun.
Everybody is trying to pre-condition the talk. So there is not much point to talk. I think we are heading for either #nodeal or no #Brexit. Our #MPs are #morons with an #attitude. Nicola Sturgeon is the worst of them all.
New video by Guardian News: Jeremy Corbyn makes Brexit speech in Hastings – watch live
I’m sure Labour will be thrilled to know that agrees with ’s assessment of Labour’s Brexit policy: “Das ist natürlich Unsinn” - which of course translates to “it’s obviously bollocks”. Der Gescheiterte via
Highlight: "There’s been no real progress on the Brexit front," reports from London. "Jeremy Corbyn ... is refusing to meet with Theresa May. As long as he won’t meet with her, it’s very unlikely we’ll come up with a compromise."
Softer Brexit option would cause Tory party to 'explode', Theresa May is warned
WORTH A LISTEN - PROPHETIC James O'Brien: "No Deal Or No Brexit, That's Where We Are Now"
How will #Brexit turmoil reverberate across India, Indo-Pacific region? prof Raj Bhala discusses in interview with
Has everyone left their senses? No-deal Brexit is #Brexit without a deal. You cannot REMOVE the fucking thing. You can't take it off the table. It only exists if no deal is agreed. If no agreement can be reached then BINGO it's no-deal. You can't pretend it doesn't exist. #fukwit
The latest The One More Generation Daily! Thanks to #brexit #economy
That said, Brexit has always been primarily about politics, rather than economics. The strongest argument for it is quite simply that we should be free to make our own decisions. "Remoaners still dont get this...31 months odd on...."
'An option for the future': Corbyn on second Brexit referendum – video
Raise merry hell about this
Latest News: Brexit: France activates no-deal plan Prime Minister Edouard Philippe says a no-deal Brexit looks "less and less unlikely". 2019-01-17 14:16:56Z
The other side of #Brexit
Brexit: Theresa May meeting MPs 'to seek consensus' - Rainbow Radio Online
Nurse the medication medication medication
You don't get it do you? The majority of the people who voted LEAVE expected a no deal Brexit. You're ignoring the will of the people and are as clueless as the rest of those cretins at Westminster. You will pay for this treachery at the next General Election mark my words.
Brexit: MPs to debate and vote on Brexit 'plan B' options on Tuesday – Politics live – The Guardian
Calm your knickers, Fraser. In Oak panelled cabinet full dolts, one eyed man king. Give responsibility this mess. Sudden billious eruption ambition killed brexit govt, D. Cmmings tackling Madarin waste. For Boris’ faults, that govt surely could have achieved more. Gove dammed man
Unfortunately there are a sizable number of those backing brexit where it is pretty much all about an us and them nationalism
This is what I had suspected. May trying to trick us into voting for her deal......not acceptable after Parliament roundly rejected her deal
But your Lordship, the House voted for A50 which categorically states we leave with or without a Deal. Its a bit rich to start whingeing about a No Deal Brexit when you voted for it.
Might have something to do with the number of knife and acid attacks in London rather than #Brexit
Tory MP pledges 2nd referendum amendment to May's Brexit plan. Sarah Wollaston had previously withheld her amendment because Jeremy Corbyn would not support it, but she said it was time to put it to a vote of MPs &amp; called on the Labour leader to back her
FFS he was also a Rhodes Scholar at Oxford in the 1980s. While PM he was dumped as Leader by his conservative party (Liberal Party of Australia) and replaced next day by Malcolm Turnbull. Abbott's utterances have always been bullshit.
People's Vote: 88% of members want it. Support for any Brexit would damage Labour for 20 years &amp; hand the baton to , dividing the social democratic vote. your last chance. #EndtheMess #BacktotheFuture #Frauderendum16
I can understand the Conservatives wanting to compound the poor choice made by the electorate in a moment of irrational fear but why do the Liberals avoid a re-vote?
He is out to Sabotage the Democratic Referendum result by any means. Does not believe in Democracy, some would say he is acting like a traitor!
It’s not your #fault! We can understand how #frustrating it is when you’ve had an #ACCIDENT , choose to assist you in each aspect of your #claim. #cars #rta #personalinjury #brexit #trending #law #legalsevices #manchester #Bradford #Rochdale
VIDEO: 'It's a bizarre thing... I don't disrespect her because she takes a different view of Brexit than me.' Tony Blair responds to PM's jibe that his call for 2nd referendum is an 'insult to the office he once held'. #Brexit 3/3
Your regular reminder that Tories are awful people who are TERRIBLE at their jobs Millions of EU citizens cannot access personal records, high court told
if you can get #WTOBrexit agreed for #Brexit day the would be polling 10-15% above
Can Britain's Brexit Be Reversed? - HuffPost UK
May will stick to Brexit 'principles' in cross-party talks, says No 10 Like a BROKEN record
UK Labour Party: It could back 2nd #Brexit referendum
This. Which shows the degree to which Labour is just playing games at a time of national crisis.
I've had similar, most aren't unionists, they're 'no change' folk, however this isn't an option now. #Brexit UK or #Independent #Scotland ? No brainer.
Brexit: British Fashion Council backs plans for second referendum
There are no sides. We will all lose when Brexit happens. It's horrific that those who voted to leave can't see that. And if they're comfortable middle class, generations-old Brits, they'll be fine.
All the faux outrage in these replies is really irritating. The argument just combines two claims, neither of which is untrue or unkind: 1. Mortality is higher in the old than the young 2. Support for Brexit is higher in the old than the young
Ok, you want to leave the EU and negotiate trade deals. First priority then will need to be a tariff free trade deal with the EU. Therefore a form of customs union will follow as always happens in trade deals. Brexit doesn't preclude making a subsequent deal with the EU.
a quote from braveheart comes to mind at this present time on the state of politics " you think your position exsists for people to provide for you I think your position exsists for you to provide for the people " #brexit #poltics
Off line since Tuesday. In a way a good thing ,as it allows one to take a step back and look at the big picture. As regards Brexit, Corbyn 100% correct in not meeting May. She lost by 230 votes on Tuesday, she is the one to make concessions
Cannot see the point of Kirsty being on the show every interview she says the same thing personally I do not think she is human I think she is a robot programmed to just say "brexit will be a disaster brexit will be a disaster"
May calls on MPs from all parties to 'put self-interest aside' – as it happened.
Forensic take on ruling out no deal. Like a splash of cold water in the face.
The Guardian view on Brexit and parliament: now dissolve the red lines | Editorial
I see absolutely NOTHING that suggests Labour would revoke A50 if they didn't. get their deal. I do say Corbyn actually saying Brexit will go ahead if he were to win a GE So my problem with your 2 positions is that they don;t exist. They are merely ideas to keep fanboys happy
Lib Dems refuse to support future #Labour no-confidence votes: Vince Cable says Jeremy Corbyn… #Brexit #ClickBait
Thread by : "1/ Brexit: what happens next? 2/ The Government presents plan B within 3 days. The PM will present her plan A (the shitty one that got wallo […]"
#BBC criticised for sticking with #football over PM's address to the nation: Former news chief… #Brexit #ClickBait
that would guarantee brexit I think
cool, cool
'Order!' Why Europeans are turning to John Bercow for light relief in #Brexit chaos – video… #Brexit #ClickBait
Why did Tulip Siddiq have to vote in person? Cold Conservative calculation | Elizabeth Nelson… #Brexit #ClickBait
No Deal is the default Brexit by law if a deal isn’t met. I deal cannot be met now so no deal is the only option that delivers Brexit and gives us back full sovereignty and control. The will of the people must be carried out. Anything else is establishment betrayal of 17 million.
"Remain wins by clear margin"? How can you possibly know that? A #PeoplesVote creates more problems than it solves, I think
Hi Pat, will you be commenting on the fact you are betraying #woverhampton (who overwhelmingly voted leave) and you are calling for a second referendum? #Labour4Leave #Brexit #Labour
Sick to the back teeth of brexit like everyone. This is however an amusing take on it. I’m tweeting no more on it till it’s over (2025)
Didn’t know that - even better.
#Brexit is for the Millionaires who want to keep their Tax Havens #PeoplesVote
Where's your evidence it's unwanted?
At some point in the next week or so May’s Gov’t will have to take a no deal Brexit of the table. That is what the HofC voted for. They will also inevitably have to request an extension of Art 50 to enable a PV. They are desperate for this to be Labour fault. We must not let them
Breaking up is easy to do when you have a corrupt Westminster Parliament
If the PM recognized that full blown brexit is a minority view and moved the country to a more mideraye interpretation she would get it through parliament albeit at the expense of the Conservative party
that's why we voted Brexit.
You misrepresent the caller. But hey. It’s only to be expected.
5. STOP BREXIT
Need a constitutional expert brain here With Corbyn losing so much credibility &amp; some moderate Labour support recently , If May was to call for a GE in April could that force a no deal Brexit to go through via dissolving Parliamentary powers for 25 working days before 29.3.19 ?
So, nothing has changed. #Brexit #BrexitShambles
She may of slid through the vote of confidence, but I’d love to see if she could manage that with public?? #GetMayOut let’s have a General Electric.
Conservatives = Labour-Lite Labour = Conservative-Lite. No wonder nothing much ever changes, when either are in Power, both parties are similar. #Brexit #NoConfidenceMotion #StandUp4Brexit #LeaveMeansLeave
Brexit remedy ? :)
Correct. I was one.
Is there even a point in having a #Brexit vote on the 29th if Corbyn won't even engage with the PM
She needs to prune her cabinet of those that would deny Brexit.
Love that 12% think the deal that just got rejected by a 230 vote margin will still get through. &gt; May's Brexit deal rejected: what now?
France triggers 'hard Brexit’ contingency plan Our FRIENDS in france jumping on the bandwagon and twisting the knife over hard deal. FRIENDS, who needs them
Now has come out as the #brexit supporting #YellowTory we all knew he was there will be an avalanche of #FBPE types on here screaming for his head on a platter for literally *ages* won't there? I expect an denunciation every five minutes....
needs to back down and accept #Brexit is dead, let the people vote now we know the deal
Brexit The Final Countdown: Second vote now MORE likely than no deal warns Commons insider, #news #rt ,
When I cast my Better Together Vote in 2014, it was in the full knowledge that we were assured of a Second Independence Vote if the UK as a whole were to vote to leave the EU. It does not get any more material than this. Changing yr mind is democracy in action
(YouGov):#John #Humphrys - Brexit Stalemate: Where now? : Whether or not the apparently contradictory condition of ‘fevered paralysis’ exists in medicine, it certainly exists in politics and if you want to examine a case of it, ..
Let the Uk get this brexit matter squAred away . The foot ball makes for better tv til then.
Upcoming #H2020 Financial Management Training in #Rome #Italy Last places are available to register here: … … #HorizonEurope #ResearchImpactEU #EU #EuropeanUnion #Europe #Brussels #Milan #Venice #Erasmus #Innovation #Funds #LinkedIn #Brexit
Which Brexit scenario do you think is most likely?
am hearing that the Lib Dem master negotiators have secured a doubling of the plastic bag tax in return for a hard Brexit. Well done lads!
This makes sense, unlike the policy it discusses.
I'm not the most flexible person, but had I had the huge responsibility for implementing a 52% decision, I like to think I would have consulted all sides.
please explain how you will negotiate with the #eu if you are prepared to rule out #nodeal ? They will laugh and offer as least as possible because they know you will accept . #Brexit #TurncoatTraitor #mps failing the people
They are probably also the same ones who voted FOR Brexit because *furriners*
When someone says this, you can be assured they either: *are so woefully ignorant as to think ripping up 40 years’ worth of integration, centralisation, and regulatory co-operation won’t cause chaos; or *intend to profit profit off said chaos
Yes. More than one over the last few decades. Time for another. No deal, May's deal nor Corbyn's deal were on the last ballot paper. Democracy didn't stop in 2016. Now we know the truth of Brexit, let the people have the final say #PeoplesVote
Keeping the Peace | The Irish Times
Corbyn is a realist regardless of anything else he is; and he understands that those of us who aren't "hashtag-FBPE!" or whatever are most scared of, and care most about, the threat of a No Deal Brexit.
The House of Lords EU Energy and Environment Committee has written to Defra Minister Thérèse Coffey... renewed concerns about the Government's ill-preparedness to take on regulation of chemicals and maintain chemical trade after Brexit. #wato #bbcpm
The unheard Tory Mantra that reverberates within Downing St Any BREXIT At any COST With shameless disregard for the damage to the UK &amp; its people Poorer UK economic decline less control &amp; sovereignty 'The Tory Brexit Prize' A healthy democracy will judge ALL those responsible
I’ve changed my mind. No deal pls.
Can anyone with genuine knowledge of how the brain works explain to me why people will blindly follow their chosen leader off a cliff? There’s so many doing it now that I wonder if there’s a cure. #Brexit #Trump #Corbyn
In the current uncertain state of #Brexit what are the risks &amp; how prepared is the UK for #NoDeal? Reports from &amp; analyse the crisis arrangements for #gas supplies &amp; managing #pandemics
I know enough to understand that it wouldn’t be an apocalypse. If you’re afraid of change then that’s ok, I get that it might make you uncomfortable but don’t project that I should feel the same. Get those propaganda bees out of your brain #Brexit #WTO
‘Hard right’ you mean those who respect democracy and want a genuine Brexit? ...defined as leaving CU, SM and ECJ!
'Order!' Why Europeans are turning to John Bercow for light relief in Brexit chaos – video
Those who'll be harmed most by Brexit will of course be those hammered even WORSE by Indy. Those of us who can see that are apparently insufficiently Scottish according to this one. Nationalism-It messes with your head...every time.
UK to vote again on Brexit on Jan 29:
So it's Canada +++ or no deal
Oh please, get a grip! - Brexit: No-deal insurance advice for NI motorists #Brexit
LIVE TO THE CROSS PARTY BREXIT TALKS "... and I am clear in the national interest it is the will of the people..."
Title says it all.
My first time in front of our snazzy new green screen in London
'Order!' Why Europeans are turning to John Bercow for light relief from Brexit via
Europe is in no fit state to handle the risks of its own Brexit brinkmanship
Stop Brexit!!!
Wowsers!
The cross-party #Brexit compromise talks should be live-streamed. We can decide for ourselves if they’re acting in good faith.
Later this year, once we've cancelled Brexit and impeached Trump... I'm going to throw a huge freckin' party.
Rory Stewart - is he another tory that just makes things up ad hoc - yes hes the guy !
If the UK as a whole were not going to be weakened by such a stupid Brexit it might not make sense, but since the union as a whole is going to be weakened it is best time to leave. If the situation is going to suck either way, at least do it alone than within an undemocratic UK
Speculation that the Queen could intervene over Brexit if Mrs May flounders. Her Majesty already lining up Sir Alex Ferguson to form a government and sort this sh*t out.
so with your huge experience in Government you are the man to negotiate a new deal with EU?! #deluded #Brexit
As long as there are realistic chances of extending Article 50 and/or striking some sort of Customs Union, GBP will remain firm. #Brexit #GBPUSD #EURGBP #Forex
Just about sums it up.
I want an Exit from Brexit. If you do too, add your name and join the campaign today: #ExitFromBrexit via
Yes that's bad and not where we should be going. But it's 1000 times less important (unquantified metric, just used for illustrative purposes) than Brexit.
some effort merchant. Needs to ESSSSPLAIN his tactics because I'm seeing some Brexit style football man
Stop fucking about. You voted to trigger Article 50. Your NE heartlands constituents want Brexit. All you are doing is playing games. No Deal is the only way if the EU will not negotiate. Stop playing fucking games.
UK leader lobbies MPs after surviving no confidence vote over Brexit deal
What's next with #Brexit?
#brexit is one of them. It has consequences for all the countries of the UE. #PresidentMacron answered questions from French mayors incl. ones about Brexit. We do have problems, violent and factional protests from a minority. We do have a brilliant President which will #remain
Can't the Queen step in to this Brexit roadblock? I mean she gave royal assent too it? Surely she could unlock this by telling them all to get the fuck on with it FFS
Brexits still on mate,only on 4 possibility of no deal because of Tories.being able to neg, while trading at the same time to get a deal was the best idea,she fucked that right up. If it were labour RN it’d be a soft brexit.what way is a soft brexit any good?I used to vote labour
I don't like nuclear either but it's a topical news story, there are many other stories of job losses and companies pulling out of Britain due to Brexit. I don't want to be a party to a trade club like that, luckily the EU isn't like that.
Despite so much debate in in English, has always given more coverage to US politics &amp; failed to keep citizens properly informed.
Something for all of us to think about..very timely and relevant
Though he can stand up for himself, we should value social mobility shouldn’t we?
#Karma Bitches!!!!
As #UK inflation hit its lowest in nearly two years in December as fuel prices fell, leaving the BoE under no pressure to raise interest rates as uncertainty over #Brexit dominates the economic outlook.
It's not about what I think. If you have an accident without one after a no deal brexit, you won't be insured. That's a criminal offence.
Presumably they also take delight in - but as yet haven’t found a way of measuring - the (premature) deaths of another Brexit-voting cohort: those from poor and otherwise disadvantaged backgrounds?
It’s as if France is better prepared than the Brits..
I love Larry:
WHY A WEEK LATER?
Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’ via My take.
"Dr Lee, who resigned from government over Ms May's Brexit deal, said a softer Brexit could prove more divisive among Tory MPs than the original referendum result."
‘Brits will start a WAR!’ Germans demand ‘crazy’ Britain ‘PAY a lot’ for Brexit vote
Why do we keep calling this the meaningful vote? 1) It clearly wasn't that meaningful since they're doing it again. 2) That name really does suggest that Parliament spend most of their time faffing with meaningless votes. #Brexit #BrexitVote
Westminster politics is. Away from talking about what is happening in Westminster, most people are bored of Brexit.
lov u man in red
We've been here before Darren! Be cautious. The poor Brexit voters were watching Jeremy Kyle the elderly were watching countdown and the working class were at work when this poll was done. What of they scupper it all again? Peoples vote now #stopbrexit
no one even someone with your crystal ball can know whether people will be worse off as if the economy still continues to grow,as is predicted,clearly there's no logical reason they would Farage had no involvement in the brexit deal,but you want him to take responsibility for it?
The Brexit debate goes on... 51.9% to 48.1% On or offside If we’re going to use VAR you got to Stand by the rules.
A lot of people are saying "Tony Blair" is talking a lot of sense about Brexit but a lot of people once said Hitler was a good guy so fuck off lots of people
Looks like NO DEAL will win then
Re 1: that's the whole point. Corbyn didn't forget, which is why he was proposing Brexit in name only, i.e. softest possible. 2. I totally agree. If anything could get it stopped, that should have been it (oh, and demonstrable criminal activity by Leave).
No one forced you to respond. Seems you are rather bitter. Brexit is dead.
such a 1,2 ,3 arrangement would guarantee that her deal won . wouldn't it?
Great move by the Jeremy Corbyn. May is a control freak and has no intention of ditching her botched deal but will simply bring it back to Parliament with insubstantial tweeks. She is running down the clock. She needs to go now for the good of the country.
New Evidence Emerges of Steve Bannon and Cambridge Analytica’s Role in Brexit
So you’re taking your major bargaining chip off the table. Clearly never played poker Mr Corbyn....or run a business?!?!
it's so important to talk about mental health. i'm battling suicidal ideation myself, but Brexit is making it so much worse. i know at least one person who is planning to take their life if Brexit is allowed to happen, and of at least one EU citizen who has already taken theirs.
They're trying to stop brexit they will stop at nothing to keep us in that failing mafia just look at Europe now look at France ffs we need to get out in March and never look back Independence is freedom
In what way is it serving the masses, to believe that there are no extermination policies active? Dear Jesus and Saint Michael the Archangel, Please protect mine own soul, in order that the sins of the world, may not endanger mine own soul. Amen #BRexit #UK Wisdom
. , far more than any Labour MP who might be co-opted into this admittedly sorry process, is the voice of the people whose votes determined the outcome of the EU referendum. #Brexit
Absolutely disgusting #RT to shame #Brexit
Your citizens do not want brexit.
FYI and response
Brexit: Banks primed for £250bn lending spree if UK crashes out of EU, says Mark Carney
I voted remain &amp; I'm fairly certain in the event of landing in hard brexit it won't be cause JC didn't stamp his feet longside chukka et al, its her deal, bump out or remain. They are white knuckling &amp; if anything gets us what we want it will be his ability to ride it.
LOL, just 56% is remain now
Softer Brexit may mean Ireland taps UK bounce #irishbiz #Ireland #Irish #Sme
was there a good while back.
No return to the status quo... Only a rupture with the EU will alter the failed status quo | Larry Elliott
Tony, why isn't this known across Britain? I have tried to tell folk for over 20 years. The Nazi Roots of The EU and The Bilderberg Group #FMQs #Brexit #BrexitShambles #Lexit #PeoplesPM #WeStandWithCorbyn #IStandWithCorbyn #Gtto
can we get an office pool going, or something?
I would go for this, but I think somehow the DUP would be shitting all over the place.
Ah....but you’ll get to your destination somehow.
Chris Bickerton seems to have calmed down since his Guardian article characterising the proponents of a second referendum as “arrogant”. If you’d like an example of arrogance any of the rich Etonian deadbeats favouring no-deal Brexit would seem a better target.
New post (What Brexit Plot is Philip Hammond Hatching?!) has been published on RETWEET and help us beat the mainstream media! -
New article (Delingpole: Brexit Is Now Hanging by a Thread) has been published on The Daily Digest - #WalkAway
Brexit The Final Countdown: Second vote now MORE likely than no #brexit #commons #countdown #news #breakingnews
But ehst’s The nonremain option???
PM should recognise that full blown brexit is a minority view and more moderate version would get through parliament. Being held to ransom by extremes is why she has failed to get a deal
I am amazed how this mayor is so focused on a million when there are more than 6 million living in London. Has he honestly got his sums wrong (a labour trait I hear) or is he just ignoring the rest because in his mind #brexit doesn’t affect effect all of us in the collective?
UK government survives vote as May calls for Brexit compromise
#Edinburgh #Glasgow #Aberdeen #Fife #Skye #Scotref #FBSI #SNP #devolution #regionaldemocracy #Indywales #Cornwall #Yorkshire #Belfast #Unityref NOW is the time for #indyref2 An independent #Scotland in a new confederation of regions in the British Isles
I find this woman offensive, how do I get her removed from Twitter ?
Change leader go full Brexit. Only way get new govt that will win
Brexit: France activates no-deal plan -
I'm all set if the medical supplies run out #brexit
Never mind about #Brexit, there's a new Oracle utility on the go. - helps diagnose the causes of Oracle deadlocks. Have fun. (It's free and has source code. Binaries for Linux and Windows available for download.)
'It would be a historic mistake' to set a precedent of allowing th sabotaging antics of MPs 2b a valid way for MPs to side-step responsibility 4 following-through on what they started. U-turning 2 an already-rejected status quo(aggravated by a thwarted vote) wld b futile #brexit
Mr Macron would be better employed dealing with the yellow jackets. But wait, he has. He beats them up. He must be right on Brexit.
This video on John Bercow, British Speaker of the House of Commons, is genuinely funny: #Brexit
Frustrated France says Brexit deadline could be pushed back but ‘deal cannot be reopened’ -
Respectful of a majority, unless of course it's for Brexit?
Caller on LBC discussing left-wing Brexit. "I used to vote for Labour. I switched to UKIP, because it's neither left nor right(?!). They have a policy about free parking in hospitals(?!). You have to be *pragmistic*(?!)" That was like a really bad acid trip.
He is, without a shadow of a doubt, the weakest opposition leader of our lifetime (&amp; that's a list that includes Ed pissing Milliband!), weak opposition breeds weak government &amp; this hapless bunch are what we are now stuck with. The whole thing is a mess. It's ridiculous. #brexit
yeah I thought it was about the brexit too but apparently it's just about a deal with Europe about agreements and shit,,,,
Conservatives - What to do next : 1. Replace Theresa May + install a Brexit PM and Brexit cabinet (possibly a temp caretaker PM, with promise of leadership election post March 29th) 2. Take the £39b off the table immediately 3. Publicly tear up the withdrawal agreement
Jarvis Cocker called for a second referendum using the most perfect analogy about Brexit
Will buyers and sellers start accepting political uncertainty as the ‘new normal’?
EU's Fear of a No-Deal Brexit Stench Is In The Air, but May Won't Seize Upon It: via
Keep the faith #FBPE people. It's coming home...
that's... a whole year??? how long do they expect upheaval if it goes to shit????
Thunderf00t isn't the partisan that you might think he is. He's always been anti-Brexit and anti-Trump, for instance. He's by no means a part of that whole online right-wing community and has never been shy about making that clear, to some of his viewers' considerable chagrin.
May wins no-confidence vote, but still is beset by Brexit
Delingpole: Brexit Is Now Hanging by a Thread
Watch Theresa May's most repeated phrases from her Brexit speeches
Your snidey comments might have credibility if this had been our negotiating team. We're in a mess over Brexit, yet you only laugh at those who actually want to deliver what 17.4 million voters wanted but were never allowed to try.
Misinformation was the main traction for brexit
Those who spray around the language of "unicorns" with not much reference to actual issues have very little of substance to contribute to the Brexit debate.
EU Brexit negotiator Barnier: If Britain wants a deal that goes further than free trade, we are open
JAMES BALL: House of disrepute
Brexit: France activates no-deal plan -
Dude. How is this illegal Doesn't everyone that can run (or buy) exit polls? #hedgefunds used exit polls to profit off #Brexit .
EU’s Barnier: Brexit agreement negotiated with UK PM May is best possible
Nah...I think I know what really is disgusting...white middle class right wing bigots peddling hate abd division...you still supporting that aussie immigration camp which is closer to a concentration camp??...#bbcnews #skynews #c4news #Brexit
U.K. Prime Minister, Theresa May narrowly survives vote of no-confidence following her massive Brexit defeat
‘Brits will start a WAR!’ Germans demand ‘crazy’ Britain ‘PAY a lot’ fo #brexit #britain #brits #news #breakingnews
UK in deadlock over Brexit ‘Plan B’ as May and Corbyn double down
The ONLY protector of the EU and its values at the moment . The ONLY man fighting for a strong Europe capable of facing the US on the international scene . #EuropeanUnion #europe #LREM
Mary Poppins hunts zombies in a post-Brexit apocalypse in kinda plausible 'Late Show' sketch
If everyone who knows Brexit to be an economic, social and political catastrophe for the UK now joined the Greens, suspect might finally start listening to party members ....
#LibDems you twats having had a tiny taste behind the doors of number 10 you think you're a force to be reckoned with you're not and you're comments will be remembered #Brexit #WTOBrexit now
Brexit is like a Premier League side wanting to be relegated says the former head of the WTO.
Sack #brexit
David Allen Green needs to read my thread, which explains the party politics of Corbyn's request succinctly
Indirect evidence that brexit is not really about brexit for a chunk of people. It's about disenfranchisement and being left behind. They can't pick a brexit option because none are the solution to their (legitimate) issue. It's a howl of protest which can't be soothed by brexit
Labour will only consider second Brexit referendum if UK facing 'no-deal disaster', says . I have faith in Labour but absolutely no faith in its so-called leader. He doesn't even listen to his own party. So much for Corbyn-style democracy.
Labour's Brexit negotiation strategy.
I didn't see that on the ballot paper &amp; I know the DUP didn't either. Also parliament voted to give us the final say in 2016 #Brexit
For the many, not the few won't sit down and have a conversation to help sort #Brexit. It's your country man. Coward. Shame on you. Talker? Diplomat? all talking. Selfish incompetence. #PeoplesVote #uk
OK, I think I’ve come to a decision. I’m going to totally ignore everything the Labour Party says about Brexit. It just causes heartache after all.
To be fair the whole uncertainty over Brexit is worrying, stressing and captivating millions of people. It needs to be sorted one way or another.
That blokes a joke!
Idiots like you are to be pitied not scolded,
Memory not your strong point Polly
Let’s have a second referendum with the hope that our scare mongering, and propaganda have changed the public’s opinions of if they want to stay or remain... Mrs May being unable to negotiate an adequate deal for #Brexit should not be reason enough for a second referendum!
Been reading #StephenFry’s retelling of the 12 Labours of Hercules. What could be harder than any of them? Lifting us out of the #Brexit maelstrom that’s swallowing this nation up.
Opinion | The Malign Incompetence of the British Ruling Class
You are govt official and you are endorsing such vile article? #Netherland voters - do you want a govt official who advocates an article which hopes a certain demographic of your country is exterminated because it opposes a certain political view? #Brexit
They are idiots these types.
No to The Norway Deal They really think we are thick
May survives, but the Brexit battle resumes
Tory seats want a People's vote.
“In fairness, it’s hard to prepare when we have no idea what the Brits are going to do” ...says Irish civil servant, whose lazy-arsed dog-ate-my-homework shite, where he wants to cheat and prep for just one outcome, is literally the opposite of his job.
Good point, but using art 7 EU citizens rights directive, government can control #immigration even if we stay an EU member. needs to be called into commons to deliver crash course on that to &amp; others.
Sounds like Theresa May has been taking negotiation lessons from Donald Trump.
Besides, Corbyn has begun 'talking' with May: he has asked her to rule out the possibility of a no-deal Brexit.
Brexit and the U.S. shutdown reflect a new political reality: We can stop what we don’t want but can’t enable what we need, writes
Hard to tell! But it's Brexit deadlock, I guess?
Nationalists have succeded in dividing the nation. And they feel smug??? #Brexit
Freedom Politics: The final betrayal of Brexit?
This is why they want younger voters, they dont know about the war criminal stuff yet. What school was it? Would be pretty miffed if my kid was going to a pro-EU indoctrination camp.
May is probably with him.
Aren't you a reservist Jay? I seem to recall something you mentioned. Its probably more putting the fear of god in people this than anything.
Millions of EU citizens cannot access personal records, high court told
Did mine before Christmas (gloat). No fanfare then, no "thank you so much for paying early we're desperate for cash because Brexit", no Merry Christmas ...
This thread succinctly exposes the holes and contradictions in Corbyn’s Brexit policy.
Richard Nocton and his team from #Marlborough hosted a breakfast for fellow professionals and had a wide ranging discussion on matters that affect the rural economy. Naturally the dominant main topic of conversation was the debacle of Westminster and Brexit!
Oh really. A ‘No Deal’ will be made illegal type of deal? Or a SM/CU even softer brexit (ie harder Remain) type of deal? Thieves. We all expect the robbery to emerge clearly on Jan 21 then There will be consequences. Really huge consequences. I hope Tory Remainers are aware
"Alternative ways to break Brexit deadlock" "here are some alternative ideas that a few weeks ago seemed highly unlikely but which could, in these extraordinary times, start to look like contenders."
All the Tory Brexit lies are coming back to haunt them | The Canary
this is me at work constantly
She's alive! Steve Bell on Theresa May's Brexit defeat – cartoon - political cartoon gallery in London
Corbyn says any new Brexit referendum can't be a re-run of 2016
ReutersBiz: RT Breakingviews: Will Paris benefit from Brexit? Italy’s former premier EnricoLetta, AccorHotels CEO Sébastien Bazin, MekaBrunel Gecina and bibicheri of VC daphnipolis discuss with rob1cox at Paris #BVPredicts. Watch: …
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption France will spend millions of euros preparing ports and airports for a no-deal Brexit French Prime Minister Edouard Philippe has said a no-deal Brexit looks...
Rule out any brexit would be better.
ReutersBiz: AB Foods says no-deal Brexit would be 'reckless'
[REUTERS] UK in deadlock over Brexit 'Plan B' as May and Corbyn double down |
He hits the nail right on the head.
As things stand we are crashing out of the EU Time to stock up on essentials?
I was actually relying on Micronesia to solve Brexit.
Can someone enlighten me on what's happening with the Brexit thing
So basically, “I’ll talk to you but will only accept my way.” May will stick to Brexit 'principles' in cross-party talks, says No 10
Sorry but EU27 is not the laughing stock of Europe... The UK has had so many privileges and betrayed all of us. Brexit reality is biting in.
Tourism Secretary : “I am pleased that #Scotland’s tourism industry continues to perform strongly, despite the challenges posed by #Brexit. The sector attracts an increasing number of visitors from the EU and beyond–-outperforming the UK"
The Scotsman on the ball
Common sense at last or just a bid from the premiership? Philip Hammond tells business no-deal Brexit will be stopped
Stop trying to deflect from Brexit.
macron dunking on the uk over the brexit vote rings kinda hollow while paris is on fire not that an american like me has much room to talk, mind you
Could we get VAR to look at #Brexit again please?
It’s taken me an hour of trekking between ALL THE PHARMACIES in town to find these, which let me function when I get a #migraine about every fortnight. I’m only allowed to buy one packet. #medicineshortages suck. Thanks for nowt #brexit fans. I barf in your general direction.
Tory MP pledges second referendum amendment to May's Brexit plan
Belay that ordeeeerreeeeee
Surely by now everybody realises every Brexit minister hasn't got a clue what they are talking about. Plus if they are clueless on Brexit how on earth are they going to cope with 100's of trade deals with smart, selfish and hungry countries that all know they have the upperhand?
I have signed the People’s Vote Petition to demand a vote on the Brexit deal.We, the people, have the democratic right to determine our own future: #PeoplesVote
Tory's.
I thought it was confirmed weeks ago Hitachi had already pulled out? Because of #Brexit.
This is a very telling comment on the shallow roots of Westminster Brexit.
With the 2016 referendum being close, serious doubts about many aspects of the campaign, the limited support for May’s deal and evidence that the public mood is now for Remain, why am I not allowed to feel ‘let down’ if we proceed with #Brexit? #PoliticsLive
EU Brexit negotiator Barnier: If Britain wants a deal that goes further than free trade, we are open -
Saw that there are only 40odd working days til Brexit for parliament to sort it. See if they cancel the 10 days recess and work some weekends LIKE REAL PEOPLE HAVE TO then they’ll have much more time to fud about with our futures, eh?
She may of slid through the vote of confidence, but I’d love to see if she could manage that with public?? #GetMayOut let’s have a General Election!
The only likely way to get a majority in the Commons for a soft version of Brexit is by co-operation between the Conservative and Labour parties (thus alienating the DUP &amp; ERG). If Jeremy Corbyn won't co-operate in talking with Mrs May, then the only alternative is No Deal.
Help the Aged?
The Great #Hamburg #Brexit #Angst
The latest The Helen Isacke Daily! Thanks to #leadership #brexit
#MichaelGove ... In what way is it serving the masses, to believe that there are no extermination policies active? Dear Jesus and Saint Michael the Archangel, Please protect mine own soul, in order that the sins of the world, may not endanger mine own soul. Amen #BRexit #UK
I think caution is the best stance at this stage........ God knows what will ensue with a 'no deal Brexit'..... Im sure if they had another referendum, the British people would vote 'Remain'.... now they can imagine the consequences of leaving and the lies have been exposed...
All the talk of what 4billion allocated for a no deal can do, why is there no thought about what 10x that figure could do? With a no deal Brexit, that is the sum available to help ease any “chaos”. You are not asking to rule out no deal, you are asking to surrender negotiations!
All moot points. There won't be another referendum. There is no need. The public voted to leave and then went on to endorse that in an election where both major parties fought on a platform of leaving. Stop trying to waste more money, the country can't afford it. #Brexit
A second referendum is the least bad option. But the EU-27 must concede something first. #Brexit
First-time buyers shrug off Brexit saga in Britain &gt; clients comment via
Social media can address #BBCBias by retweeting this - #MichaelGove who launched into a vile rant against Jeremy Corbyn, has form, here he compares Prince Charles to #Hitler #MediaCaughtLying #Gove #jeremycorbyn #Brexit #toriesout
Bored of #brexit I decided to help decorating the house! #catslife
"France +" is that all Remainers get to live in St Tropez if they like, paid for by Leavers and their Brexit Divided.
Video: Barnier destroys claim Corbyn can't renegotiate Brexit - "EU immediately ready" via
May scrambles to save her Brexit deal
As a Remainer myself, I am frustrated by the number of others who seem convinced that somehow May, who can't get Parliamentary approval for her plans, is easier to stymie over Brexit than Corbyn would be. Like Corbyn would be all powerful if Labour (miraculously) won
it's a long shot you'll read this. But as a constituent, I wanted to flag up this Irish Times opinion piece that might actually present a way out of this disastrous spectacle that you are (admirably IMO) fighting. Keep up the good work!
All set up and ready to go for our BCFA Implications of Brexit Seminar at the showroom, with guest speakers from #Brexit
At #KEC2019 #BertieAhern suggests have a series of indicative votes in Commons on the 10 possible #Brexit scenarios (no deal, May deal, Norway++, Canada FTA++, May+CU, #PeopleVote , revoke Art50, etc. and reduce choices down to viable options
No-deal Brexit warning for UK drivers
To be fair he’s in a difficult position by the nature of Brexit because he’s alienating large swathes of voters whichever way he falls and they can’t really afford to lose voters if they want to win an election. Rock and a hard place.
Kaya nga eh, and even without considering EU as an external pressure, across party lines na rin ang Brexit discourse--heavily divided ang House, mahina ang Labour opposition, and it seems no one can come up with a viable alternative.
May will stick to Brexit 'principles' in cross-party talks, says No 10
Wouldn't it be interesting if May and Corbyn appeared together and said 'Efforts have been made (if not entirely apt) to accomplish a Brexit that would not do terrible damage. It appears this damage WILL happen and we both now feel it is the wrong thing to do.' (Yes. I know.)
Was it really Theresa May's Brexit? Was it not a case of her presenting the EU brexit?
On Saturday the UK turns remain. Parliament must force a second referendum #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Typically trenchant analysis by Pankaj Mishra on India, Ireland &amp;Brexit RT 'the British political class has offered to the world an astounding spectacle of mendacious, intellectually limited hustlers.'The Malign Incompetence of the British Ruling Class
Well, I’m talking about Brexit - I think there’s a valid case that the US 2016 election was skewed and has evidence to argue it. But that’s for you guys. In the UK, we have smoke, rumours, supposition and some spending illegality but not yet any proof of a foreign-backed fire.
MPs to vote on Theresa May's Brexit 'Plan B' on January 29 - Corbyn repeats call for general election
The only thing preventing that is a dose of common sense . Better to charge like the six hundred of the light brigade than come up with an alternative after less than 40% of the population have decided to jump off a cliff without a parachute or a plan. #brexit
Mate it's just like brexit. If you're ever unsure about your position, just look at the cunts most outraged by it, tells you all you need to know
It is honestly like you want a hard brexit. with all the facts behind the economic damage of a no deal, why on earth run a negative anti-progressive campaign in the name of remaining? #Fbpe is a voluntary loss
The City of London is pushing ahead with contingency plans, but clings to hope of a way forward on Brexit
Will the PM also be meeting with other NI parties?
have to wonder why it is "... less and less unlikely." rather than ~ more and more likely. was that politician talk?
The Tory #ShyteShow gift that keeps on giving ..... Corbyn meanwhile, sits back and files his nails.
BBC &amp; Smithsonian Channel Explore Origins Of Brexit In Doc Series ‘Inside Europe: 10 Years Of Turmoil’
Surprise, surprise. Sheer arrogance on the part of .
Khan told: Quit obsessing about stopping Brexit and sort out London #crime: London Mayor Sadiq Khan has… #Politics
#Brexit warning to Canadians that manufacturing political division has economic consequences - yes indeed! Pay attention people and put those stupid #YellowVests away. We are better than that sort of stupidity.
As a proud Englishman what's more important to you? #Brexit
Thanks - although am I right that there wouldn't have been a need for a UK Shared Prosperity fund without Brexit? Right now, I'm specifically looking for things that should be entirely unrelated (although I could start another list...)
In other words, you are contradicting yourself, as is your party leader. Unless the PM frees herself from her own "cage of red lines" (thanks for that great metaphor), her door may be open but her mind is still closed. Parliament must assert itself
ORDEEEEEEEEERRRR
Plebs
Global Stocks Appear to be Unfazed by U.S. Government Shutdown, Latest Brexit Drama
Getting schooled so eloquently in your own language by a foreigner...
Important thread. UK joining SPV as a shareholder despite Brexit mess
In a Brexit meeting. Theresa keeps saying Brexit means Brexit and Barclay's eaten all the good biscuits. Think I'll play Angry birds until someone tells me what to think.
whoa are NYCC expecting a really bad Brexit?
That really would spark the revolution
Lovely welcome from Abel &amp; Cole going to start getting all my fresh Organic vegetables from them! Buy British!! &amp;Cole #Brexit #StandUp4Brexit #LeaveMeansLeave
Very intriguing thread. I would value an alternative perspective if anyone has a reasonable one.
A soft brexit would cost 39 billion pounds and leave us taking order from Frau Hess and her drunk Junk friend.
I think the effects of Brexit, especially no deal; andbthe fact they were mislead into believing no problem would enrage them more. Personally, I've been enraged for three years that i (and all people!) ever asked such a stupid question as whether we wanted to leave the EU
Upcoming #H2020 Proposal Writing Training in #Coimbra #Portugal Last places are available to register here: #HorizonEurope #ResearchImpactEU #EU #EuropeanUnion #Europe #Brussels #Lisbon #Porto #Erasmus #Innovation #Funds #LinkedIn #Brexit
Something he read on a Snapple bottle lid. #WhereIsMitch #thursdaymorning #ThursdayThoughts #ThursdayMotivation #Trump #TrumpShutdown #RussianAsset #MuellerInvestigation #Resist #Resistance #Thurds #TrumpRussia #TrumpTraitor #Brexit #BrexitVote #LUFC #earthquake
I was always taught to respect my elders, the same elders that fought to give you your freedoms and have lived through the effects of war, ridiculous opinion!
If you want brexit and it must be so then Talk with all parties giving favour to none. Talk with people's assemblies and business reps from the whole of the UK. Get a consensus on what the clear majority want from brexit and act on that.
An amazing couple performing in the #ArtOfTheDeal! #shutdown #Brexit
A democracy that cannot change its mind is not a democracy. The people may do that when presented with the whole picture after seeing only a partial or distorted one. It has taken more than 30 months to shift from “Fantasy Brexit” to “Reality Brexit"
Death to #Brexit
Yes, no deal brexit off the table, Mays deal can't get through parliament. The only option left is to stop brexit.
'OF COURSE #Corbyn should be talking to #May': Tony #Blair tears into #Labour leader for refusing cross party talks invitation - and says if HE was #PM he would already have delayed Brexit
...U wot, m8??
They have politicised the whole thing with the GFA and the Irish border au called issue on Brexit. I’ve finished now.
I reckon I could probably hear the word Brexit approx 80 more times. After that I can't be responsible for my behaviour.
She gave the jobs to Brexit supporters like Boris Johnson etc what did he do? Spent the time shagging about cheating on his wife &amp; proved what an imbecile he is
I reckon we should settle Brexit with Darren v Owen Jones in the cage. Darren looks a bit wimpy but defo harder than Owen
Not as many as voted for Brexit though !!!!
The UK's descent into economic chaos, uncertainty over whether or how to leave the EU offers a timely reminder that the parliamentary system Canada shares with the UK is no protection against the poisonous effects of manufactured political anger. #Brexit
Louder for the at the back - you can only avoid no deal by agreeing a deal w. PM that Labour can accept. Or by calling the whole thing off - which most of your supporters would prefer. Refusing to meet PM makes no deal more likely. Numpty.
I don’t get why people are actually advocating people’s vote. Brexit should just be cancelled. The whole thing is a con and can’t work. What are you even going to ask in another vote? Let’s cancel it and move on.
Leavers have just killed the best chance of Brexit ever happening
you need to expand your repertoire to U.K politicians.
UK in deadlock over Brexit 'Plan B' as May and Corbyn double down
never stood back from a challenge on the rugby pitch, I doubt he’ll stand back from confronting this kind of uninformed, ignorant nonsense ! ps what’s with this fascination with straight bananas #FakeNews
This is nonsense. Parliament has passed all current EU legislation into UK law. After Brexit environmental law could get better or worse, depending on Govt in power. Nothing is inevitable, everything is possible.
The result from Sunderland stunned #BorisJohnson and shook the international money markets. Dozens more followed , and decided the outcome. Most of those areas then elected 's Labour Party a year later. But who will speak for us now? #Brexit
Which polls are they? The same polls that made remain 1/10 favourite on the day of the referendum? Brexit isn't a party policy, across both Labour and Conservative there are leave voters and remainers. Lib Dems are the only party who've made remain a policy.
In a rational world wouldn't the MPs vote to stop Brexit? ;-)
oh fair i always took my passport anyway, but i would read up about it, cos at the moment brexit is official on march 29 but idk how strict it’ll be at the moment when there’s been no deal reached
You might be interested in my article on the British Jesuit journal on Commons procedure. Highly relevant to pint Chuka Umunna made on Politics Live about agreement possible on process not outcomes. 07969855533
Delingpole: Brexit Is Now Hanging by a Thread
No-deal Brexit - the data dilemma. And we thought the furore round GDPR had died down. Lots to get our heads round here. #GDPR #Infosec #cyber #data #Brexit
via 'Brits will start a WAR!' Germans demand 'crazy' Britain 'PAY a lot' for Brexit vote #UK_News
No, the original questioner did.
It's more common than you might think. #Brexit #Texit #Secede
Tories: Call referendum to keep racists in party Fail to win GE Bribe homophobes with our money to hang onto power Push for hard Brexit Fail to come up with any kind of plan Refuse to give up power, putting party before country. Us: What are Labour playing at!?
Brexit means exit,
Is it possible that good sense will ultimately prevail and the circus stopped?
To all Americans who voted for Trump. You didn't vote for Trump you voted for Putin.
I liked a video CNN Analyst's Accusation BACKFIRES, The Trisha Paytas Controversy, Brexit, NYT
What Top Law Firms in the UK Are Doing to Prepare for Brexit via
What are the implications of a no-deal #Brexit for #Britishtravellers?
..it is quite strange that her government advises the rich Germans not to travel to about half of Mexico as it is deemed peculiarly dangerous.. #Trump #QAnon #News #Brexit #TrumpTrain #BuildTheWall #2A #1A #QARMY #Q #ThursdayMotivation #GOP
Can I just say, I am still in shock about how badly British politics is handling #brexit.
So let me get this right , the so anti Brexit party, the Lib Dems are sitting down and agreeing to help Theresa May get Brexit , they are also now going to support her in any further No confidence votes , and they are doing it without a bung .
Elitist in the way you see yourself as being far superior to the working class people that voted for brexit the politicians for and against brexit are all the same it's the middle and upper classes that voted to remain they didn't want to loose their cleaners and child minders
Speaking as a future dead person, I intend to stop Brexit and my legacy a future better than the past. UK will be safer, economically more wealthy, science /medicine more advanced, more united without Brexit. It goes against nature to leave our children weaker /poorer. #RevokeA50
Access to the pre-publication version of the much-anticipated 'Brexit, CANZUK, and the Legacy of Empire' by and
no point including you in early negotiations as your members had already decided that their 6 tests were none negotiable. If the negotiators (PM) wanted a customs union, with free movement of people, the deal would be done. But that's not Brexit. Do you see?
I’m no lover of Mrs May but out of interest did you say to Sinn Féin stop killing British citizens before you sat down and talked to them ? Just asking as a no deal Brexit is quite the same.
This op-ed from is incredibly on point: "The West is now rudderless. To be rudderless puts you at the mercy of elements. The elemental forces of politics today are tribalism, #populism, #authoritarianism and the sewage pipes of social media."
Dollar, major currencies stable as shutdown, Brexit and muted European data scrutinized #Forex #ForexTrading #AIM
First sentence is fairly meaningless unless there's a majority either for an alt deal or revoking A50. In which case sentence 2 doesn't follow (if it did at all). Sentence 3 is a fair point.
Trevor Noah Takes A Look At The Many Ways The US And UK Are Currently In Shambles While the US government is in chaos, it still doesn't quite compare to the Brexit mess.
Hot take: Theresa May deserves a Brexit like a marathon runner deserves a participation medal. In both cases, it makes no sense why they started, but hey, that kind of perseverance needs something to show for it.
LIVE TO THE CROSS PARTY BREXIT TALKS
As a member country of the EU our elected representatives would actually have more say in Brexit than they do as part of the UK.
Brilliant
#Brexit: #France activates #noDeal plan - BBC News
I don’t think he is. Brexit will make GB obsolete because it will ravage their economy, dragging down the EU and GB is also dismantling their military. The US is nonfunctioning and for every week the shutdown continues a 1/10 of a pt is shaved from the GDP, in a weak year.
I’ve had a nap from the outrage and brexit tweets, have the fanatics shut up yet?
They always post these like 'eh! Look at that! We'd win now' whereas what I really take away is that 44% of the population are like 'yeah grand'.
Yes, I mean another leadership challenge. It's crystal clear now that Corbyn is in a world of his own on Brexit and we will continuously be in a state of paralysis unless he is removed. It's the only way out.
Tory boy can’t see that May is as useless as Corbyn when it comes to brexit. Absolute brexit shambles. Stick to rugby Goody.
Looks like the same team in negotiating Brexit are helping us recruit. #NoDeal
This is useful.
Time to let the people take over.
Brexit deadlock: May pandering to 'sectarian protestant DUP' blasts Tory grandee Ken Clarke
Brilliant - just another 17,399,998 to go. So which Brexit option is that? why are other Brexit options less valid than yours?
It appears that some in Parliament still don't have a clue what democracy is all about even now. 'We decided to LEAVE' Labour MP STUNS Jon Snow with reply in heated Brexit clash.
Brexit deadlock: May pandering to 'sectarian protestant DUP' blasts Tory grandee Ken Clarke
$oros, #Illuminati and the other rats won't allow #Brexit to happen. When on earth will you finally realise this?????????????????????
"Jeremy Corbyn has been quite happy in the past to talk to Hamas, Hezobollah... I find it extraordinary he's not prepared to go and meet the prime minister" Labour's Mike Gapes urges his party leader to hold #Brexit talks with Theresa May
I suspect May will offer a 2nd ref. It’s now the only option she’s has left that can hurt labour. Lib Dem’s can claim they won it, tories will campaign for brexit and labour would have to go through the whole in/out shit show again.
#brexit you know how some folks don’t believe in the moon landing. The rest of us could just say yes we’ve left the eu and just quietly stay in. Any doubt and just show them the blue passport after all you can fool some of the people all of the time
#KEC2019 Sit down, soft diplomacy and speak quietly to your counterparts from the opposite side is critical for the success of Brexit result for both sides is just one message from former Taoiseach Bertie Ahern #brexit
Look at the state of these questions
When I first saw this picture I thought 'What has this got to do with Brexit?' Until you realise there is life outside Brexit.
The latest The UnionistLite Daily! Thanks to #brexit #ireland
Old people like Toynbee don't mind using their votes. But of course, they vote the 'right' way. Wishing elderly Brexit voters dead could hve the result of instant karma.
...if not left straight away, at least spent the time to prepare for a no deal Brexit
May battles to keep #Brexit on track after no-confidence win
I liked a video How Does Brexit Uncertainty Impact the Pound, BOE Rates?
Best For Britain on Twitter
Untenable - You need to resign without delay you utter prick. #NoDealBrexit
Why is the President of France more worried about Britain being the biggest loser if the exit the EU. This does not make sense because they want them to stay for their own benefit.
Another #brexit nightmare - without a deal the UK may lose the ability to transfer data to/from the EU. Stuff the will of the people, this is crazy. We need to cancel article 50 in the same way you stop a madman doing something really stupid.
treating #Brexit like its the night before and you have an essay due tomorrow. but you chose to go out and sort it out 10 minutes before submission.
Raise merry hell about this - where's the women, where's the BAME, where's the young voices, where are disabled people? What about Scottish, Welsh or Irish voices? Where are the people who didn't go to public school? Where are the EU experts?
Yes. In fact I think she should excercise emergency powers to close Parliament until 30th March and arrest every remainer MP as a threat to democracy and national security, due to their fraudulently promising to deliver Brexit (to get elected) and refusing to afterwards.
Think Whitehall will help get us through #Brexit ? Think again
Is there any statement's being issued after these meetings. Brexit is about the people and country, not a group of self-serving politicians .
17 January Weekly podcast: US government websites, Liberia DDoS attacker and no-deal Brexit #cybersecurity #privacy
US stocks fall after Morgan Stanley earnings miss estimates
The fascists of tomorrow will call themselves anti-fascists. Sir Winston Churchill You wanna know why imperial Germany is fighting against a no-deal-brexit? Cause they know they are nothing, totally nothing without british-american prosperity. We must get more courageous.
The Brexiteers’ idea of how WTO rules would work is pure fantasy | Kojo Koram
Brexit: France activates no-deal plan -
Tory MP pledges second referendum amendment to May's Brexit plan
Guy Verhofstadt once more doing more for British citizens than the British government is prepared to do.
Morneau sees sustained growth, no direct Brexit hit on Canada
I hope Brexit will be an opportunity for India for Increasing trade with the UK ?
"Conference also believes a no-deal #Brexit should be rejected as a viable option and calls upon Labour MPs to vigorously oppose any attempt by this Government to deliver a no-deal outcome" : Labour’s Brexit composite motion in full via
Now we know Corbyn is an idiot. This is NOT the way to ‘negotiate’. It is as bad as May’s ‘red lines’. We know why you won’t engage because you will not accept the wishes of your members nor your constituents who either want a #peoplesvote or to ‘remain’.
If these Master of None hosts like those on This Morning and GMB can go from knowledgably discussing and understanding bags and shoes to brexit and geo-politics then so can the general population.
Says the man who inspires the French to bring back BASTILLE DAY.
So good the guy who was the minister for it resigned and it suffered the biggest defeat in parliamentary history. Cracking work. She placated the ERG too much and they’ve knifed her in the back, then supported her in the no confidence vote because politically Brexit is suicide.
Germany passes Brexit law -
suppose its possible, at the end of the day they agreed A50 with a view to a deal or leave without, no other option. The Queen could call TM in and ask WTF she is doing and potentially suspend parliament. My view anyway, Prob get shouted down now by all &amp; sundry that know better
His bladder control is phenomenal
Thank goodness Putin, Mercers and that lot have unlimited funds to help u on ur “fight”.
The latest The Gradvine Daily! Thanks to #bbunker #brexit
All Labour need to do now is wait. May's intransigence will be her downfall. #GeneralElectionNow #brexit #JC4PM2019
Backed the wrong horse with GJ- it’s getting a lift just now due to positive Brexit news. Closed original part for -0.7%. Keeping test open to see if Yen strength holds for the afternoon now US stocks opened.
A very helpful thread on options for what to do next by Prof
What the BBC Wont Tell You about Brexit II - evidence EU was designed by... excellent from #Brexit #BrexitShambles #GTTO #PeoplesPM
Retweet this tweet round Britain to show what some of these smug remain twats are really like. #brexit
#Universities needn’t fear a no-deal #Brexit
Proponents of hard #Brexit say it will give UK a clean break - beware of people offering simple solutions to complicated problems.
More mindless crap from Paterson.... and now it's threats to Tory Remainers expecting them to back a brexit! What the fuck is wrong with these people?
I love reading about Brexit in the States. It's like, "Man, y'all are petty and stupid too? We really are cousins!" #family
The Strange Tale of Buccaneer Britain
The question is - what are we going to do about it? They have several paths to thwart Brexit now. LibDems want 2nd ref with options (May's diabolical deal, which is worse than Remain) or Remain.
I swear all the people that voted for brexit are dead or out of the country now
this turned up on Facebook &amp; for me sums #brexit up (remember the people)
has survived 40 years in politics without EVER making a decision. Don't expect one now
Boot the TRAITORS OUT -GO WTO BREXIT!
Absolute vicious truth.
We have been saying this FOR AGES. For goodness sakes, Brexit is an immediate assault on the lives of #The5Million Europeans (Brits included). We demand protection! #RingFenceOurRights ~~~~ #Remainers &amp; #Leavers you need to keep us in mind, as the chaos proceeds.
Just binged on ’s last two #OnTopic podcasts. Superb (and scary) insights from , and . Great to hear such informed individuals discuss the American political mess. How’d you fancy getting your teeth into our #Brexit mess too?
An absolutely brilliant read. The partition comes home to roost. Opinion | The Malign Incompetence of the British Ruling Class - The New York Times
Im sick of fooking hearing about this.almost as boring as Brexit.
Well I’m 68 and the way things are going not sure I will see the Brexit I voted for. I’ve watched this EU grow into the monster it is today and I don’t wish to leave a legacy to my children and grandchildren the frightening future of being locked into this dangerous organisation
The British solution in the second World War involved strict food rationing that lasted well into the decade after the war ended. I missed the bus that was written on. The bullshit canon strikes again #Brexit
He is the unwitting stooge for this. Old people voted for #Brexit. He supports it. There is a price attached to it. And when that cost falls on the head of pensioners he can’t act surprised.
100% No deal Goverments a fucking joke fuck the EU
No-deal #Brexit warning for UK drivers - If UK motorists plan to drive abroad after 29 March, they need to have proof of insurance known as a Green Card. #PedalApp coming soon here to register #cars #driving #europe #hardbrexit
the skyrim civil war between the imperials and the nords is actually the perfect metaphor for brexit, with one side believing that they should stay in a wider union and the other hoping for independence. in this essay i will
[NEW]: Binance launches crypto to fiat exchange in anticipation for the Brexit - Crypto is Coming + #cryptocurrency #crypto #blockchain
Melody lingers. #Yes May survives, but the Brexit battle resumes
I voted Leave to stop our country being ruled by unelected, unaccountable, drunken, bullying, arrogant, foreign commissars whose ultimate aim is a post-democratic, totalitarian united states of Europe with a low-IQ population of useful idiots? WTO Brexit. EU funding is our money.
It's symptomatic of Britishness that after almost 3 years and with only ten weeks to go, it's only now that many politicians have figured out that they need to decide what they want from Brexit. While the EU prepared thoroughly and proceeded methodically, Britain fannied about.
I am not advocating taking IRA/Hamas's advice on Brexit either so your whataboutery is a bit moot.
More than 170 business leaders join call for second Brexit referendum: As Treeza threatens hard #Brexit, and the destruction it will bring. The return of the 3-day week, on a Tory watch...
British army reservists called up to help prepare for no-deal Brexit
Jeremy Corbyn - for God’s sake just GO! May still MORE popular than hapless Labour leader
You vacuous vile human being. This is the low of low in the debate. You should be ashamed of yourself. #Brexit
What exactly is France's plan for a no-deal Brexit?
Mary Poppins hunts zombies in a post-Brexit apocalypse in kinda plausible 'Late Show' sketch
What exactly is France's plan for a no-deal Brexit?
Latest from Betfair Bookies: #PeoplesVote odds have shortened even more to almost even money (13-10) Odds of a 2nd #Leave Majority - Lengthening and now 5-1 ! The bookies - who make real markets in this - do NOT believe that #Brexit is the #willofthePeople any more!
KHAN TOLD: Quit obsessing about stopping Brexit and sort out London crime. : “Mr. Mayor would you not agree that your complete obsession with Brexit means that you are taking your eye off the ball?”
Yep. Because doubting that thousands of trans kids commit suicide is actually wanting them to do so. That's how doubt works. I doubt there is a God, so I seek God. I doubt that Brexit is a good idea, so I seek Brexit. I doubt vaccines cause autism, I must want more autistic kids.
Honestly, at this point - Brexit, Trump, Ford - are all pretty clearly votes for recessions with the hope that the right "other" ends up getting hurt more.
Don’t rely on Germany to solve #Brexit - it doesn’t need to help Britain
Which makes me wonder what labour actually want other than to frustrate
its not that macron never lies - he's a politician! - but it is of course nice to see a leader who understands reality and will talk plainly about it
Brexit was never a done deal, true Brits discuss Brexit as the scam it is, understanding why the ref wasnt binding or thorough. Hot air machines like this guy try desperately to keep the convo in a place that seems progressive, building on each others rhetoric, but is just straw.
&amp; who's counting the rate at which Remain youth convert into #Brexit maturity once adult responsibilities squeeze their time &amp; their finances? Once they see with life's experience whether the EU shrinking our public money for us according to their own caprices, is a good thing?
Ah I hadn't grasped that - yes you are quite correct that we wouldn't need it without Brexit.
We voted Leave because we had been dispossessed and oppressed. But dispossessed and oppressed areas of London voted Remain as a revolt against the British Establishment in general and #BorisJohnson in particular. #Brexit
I know people want it to be but the EU is not and never will be the Federation we all want it to be. #Brexit. We need a new coalition in Europe, one based on celebrating our differences as well as union.
The alternative case for not supporting Labour's calls for a pre-Brexit election is the idea that May can be convinced to rescind article 50, Corbyn can't. But again that presumes him have more powers than he possibly could. Also presumes May's going to back down. Tories dgaf
First post-Brexit British car rolls off production line via
Problem is this article completely ignores the damage Brexit will do. I want a socialist government more then anything but that government will be damned if they are seen as aiding Brexit. When most of Labour and young people in this country do not want it.
She's made you look a right twat there. Hand your notice in! #Brexit
Sick to death of hearing and seeing the word BREXIT. Driving me NUTS
We are not in Brexit. Everything is still governed by EU regulations
Truth is wants #Brexit to happen, but without appearing to be involved. He doesn't care whether #NoDeal happens or is a Bad Thing, because he figures the Tories and not will be blamed for it. Once you understand its cynical underpinning, policy makes sense
100% - I seem to recall that the #Danish #ambassador at the opening of the #siegeoflondon conference in 2016 more-or-less suggested could be the solution to #Brexit...
'Out Means Out'- James O'Brien and Jason in Sutton on No Deal Brexit via
Love British humor. Nice Les Paul, too. Although I have my opinion on Brexit, I’m on the other side of the pond and shouldn’t express it. Unfortunately, we’re dealing with a few problems of our own right now. Please know that I voted for the email lady.
#UK #BREXIT #EU After failure of #NoConfidenceMotion tabled by must present #PlanB New #BrexitVote on #January29
May’s approach to “negotiating” with other parties on Brexit seems about as open to compromise as Trump’s approach to reopening the US government.
Love him or loathe him, on this he is absolutely correct - Brits were sold a lie. Worth a listen/watch (English subtitles).
an interesting spin on working together for the good of the county, always remember Scotland's brexit vote... over a million [33%] of registered voters didn't/couldn't vote and that remain won by 24%
Kenny in UK prior to the vote -Enda Kenny and David Cameron to meet over Brexit vote via
Please Peter Bone, tell me what is the Brexit people voted for? Peter Bone heads for meeting with May via
Is Caroline going to join the Liberals in not supporting another vote of no confidence in the Government whilst Corbyn still believes he can get a Brexit deal? I think she should.
This is why Remainers are so desperate to remove no deal as an option. If it’s impossible to leave without a deal but also impossible to get one then what remains is staying in the EU. The moment bow to demands to remove a no deal Brexit the betrayal is complete.
Wish America could have the Brexit and Britan could go on strike.
And we’re back here taking lumps off each other politically over Brexit! You do good work Matey but you’d love the turmoil and debate back here.
Tony Blair BRUTALLY mocked in BRILLIANT William Hague speech: ‘Imagine President Blair’
Wow!!! How many days after Brexit will it take for the rich expats in London abandon the place?
Theresa May survived but Brexit is still weighting on FTSE 100.mp4
It’ll either be a GE or second referendum but I agree it’s not about Brexit anymore. It’s about what next
Exactly so dropping no deal does nothing and is plays party politics stunt #BrexitDeal #brexit
A history lesson -
Britain PM meets MPs to chart way for Brexit via | Kenya&amp;#039;s Watching
An rather interesting article "playing roughly that same tune" in today's NYT.
Mr Petulant won't speak to anyone with red lines, especially when their red lines are different from his red lines. He should sit beside Mogg in the House. Their views on brexit are similar and their chances of being PM are equally similar.
Corbyn is a devious liar, who will do anything to get into No'10. He doesn't care about UK citizens, as he didn't care about ripping the heart out of the Labour party, nor the voters in many Labour seats who voted for Brexit. Say NO to Commy Corbyn.
Quite. Why should Corbyn work with a party who has spent the last 3 years smearing him, rather than engage or even critique Labour policies. It shows us that they have no ideas and are only in parliament for themselves.
If May/Corbyn cannot agree to sit down and work together to find a solution that the Shitstorm that is #Brexit then they should be replaced by people who can. This is an absolutely critical moment for our nation.
According to the UK had a £67Bn trade deficit with the EU in 2017. A surplus in services was outweighed by a deficit of -£95 billion in goods. Is the EU ready to gamble the MASSIVE source of surplus revenue they gain by selling goods to us? #Brexit
Jeez....you don't even live here,You Numpty!!!..,
On the hunt for brexit based vox pops last night #brexit #twitterstorians #westminister
Brexit finance problems for small businesses - Alternative finance to the rescue? #altfi
Corbyn understands that there can only be a no deal Brexit or no Brexit. "Brexit" *with* a deal implies bondage to the EU. I presume his policy is to let the fuckwits in the UK and the EU play it out until the majority here has had enough and is screaming to leave.
#TBT Theresa May calling a general election, asking to electorate to solidify her position in Brexit negotiations, and losing her majority.
I don't know either, Ros. can have her Brexit at any price or she can have the Precious Union she has stated at the core of her political beliefs. It's now clear she can't have both. No deal will wreck the latter &amp; history judging her harshly is an understatement.
Is it really unwanted now though?
More than 170 business leaders join call for second Brexit referendum
Yet again the show us that their loyalty is to Westminster and not to Scotland. They're determined Scotland will suffer the damage Brexit will cause even though we didn't vote for it. They're a despicable bunch
Brexit Plan Defeat Spells Doom For Britain's Auto Business, Industry Leaders Believe
Theresa May Seeks New Approach in Brexit Talks with Rivals
ICYMI: was on ' #WalesLive last night explaining where UK-EU negotiations might go next. From the EU's perspective "the back-stop will have to be part of any Withdrawal Agreement or orderly Brexit". On Iplayer from 15:45:
It's time for a #PeoplesVote but not on leave or remain. It's got to be on how we leave because our elected parlimentarians only seem to be useful at waving paper and jeering at each other. #EnoughsEnough #ItsTimeToLeave #TimesUp
Despite the Government not being able to govern anymore, they don't even want to!
Project reality also. Yes, barriers exist in Europe. The EU is reducing these. Brexit is putting them back up. This is an one example. The EHIC is another.
Ending the political union is more important than brexit, I for one don't want Scotland dragged off the end of a cliff. Kez stop accepting second best and support independence.
Gollum Decodes Brexit Shambles With 'Bohemian Rhapsody' Spoof
Theresa May survived but Brexit is still weighting on FTSE 100.mp4
It takes a foreign media to tell like it is whilst our own MSM support and hide the incompetence of
The latest Bersani Daily Express! Thanks to #topnews #brexit
A Song for Brexit: Ha ha ha ha ha Yo, I'll tell you what I want, what I really, really want So tell me what you want, what you really, really want I'll tell you what I want, what I really, really want I wanna, (ha) I wanna, (ha) I wanna really, really, really wanna zigazig ah
DEADLINE: BBC &amp; Smithsonian Channel Explore Origins Of Brexit In Doc Series ‘Inside Europe: 10 Years Of Turmoil’
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT
The left truly are the most vile scum of the earth. Hatred of this magnitude just demonstrates the level of brexit derangement
A Adult compromise. Tories take No deal off the table - Labour take 2nd Referendum off the table and they work together towards the best outcome for Brexit. Most likely a Norway option but with option to end Free Movement if negotiated with EU. Democracy’s Failure is division
Swans vs Cardiff summed up by their managers responses to Brexit. Warnock,‘I can’t wait to get out of it, if I’m honest. I think we’ll be far better out of the bloody thing. In every aspect...To hell with the rest of the world’. [1/2]
Radical Changes Needed to Secure Brexit, EU Tells May
The latest The Knine Daily! Thanks to #india #brexit
Remainer Chancellor Tells Big Business MPs Will Stop Clean Brexit in Leaked Call via
Now. The advice is for after any *no deal Brexit*. Our status and mutual recognition will end. If you know more than the Association of British Insurers who issued the advice, do feel free to correct them.
Radical Changes Needed to Secure Brexit, EU Tells May
A tray of mini pastries just went into the Cabinet Office ... MPs must be hunkering down #Brexit
The game changer? I'm Past the point of getting my hopes up so don't ask me.
Blog Post: The VetNurse Jobs January Brexit Sale
Anyone whose job is to sell out the NHS to business friends will be familiar with scraping the bottom of the barrel. And they wonder (or should) how they got the country into such a mess.
Curiously you all (house of commons) backed Brexit when you triggered article 50. Please now deliver!!
I hope Brexit will be an opportunity for India for Increasing trade with the UK ?
Sack him. He is the problem and has no intention of helping negotiate a solution.
I do actually believe if consesus was sought in the first place, a soft Brexit could have been sold to both remainers and the hefty chunk of leavers who definitely didn't vote for May's red lines.
This is OUTRAGEOUS #StopBrexitNow #StopBrexitSaveBritain #StopBrexit
Exactly #HandsOff our fellow EU citizens
Brexit Hits Another Bump
Better still shove #brexit where the sun don’t shine. #RevokeArticle50 is the best option to put on your table. Just so we’re clear.
Unless they get on with mirroring EU laws, we simply won't be ready for No-Deal. Only 67 of 600 SIs approved. Still waiting for 300 to be published. Then there are the 8 bills required.
a #brexit way forward?
Thank you Matt.
We will remember your first sentence. It’s ironic considering the mess we are ‘importing’ due to the EU. Douglas Murray was right, we are witnessing “The Strange Death of Europe”.
UK PM May narrowly survives no-confidence vote after Brexit defeat; reaches out to rivals
If this was the play book of a far right nationalist party we would be asking people to sanction the writer &amp; remove it. Whatever the outcome of Brexit remain should be truly ashamed of the hatred &amp; nasty vindictive narrative they have used against some of the weakest in society
Don’t assume just because you don’t want an independence referendum then nor does anyone else. This Brexit shambles only strengthens the view that UK politics is currently unfit for purpose and too few MPs speak for their constituents.
The secret reality is that the vast majority of the House of Commons agrees with everything tht Emmanuel Macron is saying. But MPs simultaneously feel democratically obliged to carry out #Brexit as directly instructed by UK votes. The result is unicorns or an unsatisfactory WA.
We were alone from the fall of France (June 1940), to Hitler's invasion of Russia (June 1941). The RAF beat the Luftwaffe against the odds, which saved us from invasion. Some people seem unhappy about this.
Only now has the PM sought to gain cross-party support for a matter as significant as Brexit, when in fact this was sorely lacking all along. Prior to the referendum, Brexit was clearly a non-partisan matter. Now only lasting solution to current stalemate must involve consensus.
Gollum Decodes Brexit Shambles With 'Bohemian Rhapsody' Spoof
!!! It’s just started!
Oh the irony. Yes, we changed our minds about EU membership in 2016 and you’re not letting us!
A semi- #Brexit with just England and Wales leaving the EU, is the solution
The Daily 202: From Brexit to NATO and the shutdown, Putin is winning so much he might get tired of winning
What exactly is France's plan for a no-deal Brexit? — The Local Denmark (TheLocalDenmark) January 17, 2019
#Europe: Can May still deliver on Brexit? | DW News
BBC News - Brexit: France activates no-deal plan
Brexit is a manifestation of Britain's ongoing and futile yearning for oh-so glorious days gone by. Those who wish for the Empire to return do not care for others, or reality.
This is amazing
I think I’ll use some of these tactics at the next borough council meeting #order #zen #restraint
So you don't want sovereignty? What Brexit do you want? Ability to import hormone fed beef? Removal of your right to work, travel and marry within 27 other countries? A UK government's right to make laws which remove workers' rights? Or some other? Please share.
Which is why I am much more in favour of #RevokeArticle50 They cheated before and before, during and since media awful in enabling Brexit. There malign efforts will be far worse now they are this close
How many more knighthoods has got to promise?
Looking forward to joining on tonight - talking about Brexit, business and more!
Meanwhile, the Brexeratti claim they know what you voted for &amp; their version of #Brexit is what you voted for, even though between them they cannot agree on what you voted for or if their Brexit is what you voted for. All except Mogg who wants you to believe you want his Brexit.
Meanwhile, the Brexeratti claim they know what you voted for &amp; their version of #Brexit is what you voted for, even though between them they cannot agree on what you voted for or if their Brexit is what you voted for. All except Mogg who wants you to believe you want his Brexit.
Probably should be more concerned with...I don’t know...the Brexit disaster? A sputtering government? Instead of once again proving you’re a sexist wanna be Donald Trump.
Any sort of Brexit will be a disaster for the least well off and enable a right wing capitalist coup that will cement power in a few hands. It’s baffling that labour leadership supports it.
HUURRRRRRR HURRRRRRR #BREXIT PROBLEM SO FUNNY. ME NO UNDERSTOND METAPHOR
You vacuous vile human being. This is another low moment in the #brexit debate. You should be ashamed of yourself.
.the writing is on the wall, Brexit is the UK’s Trump which will bring on a depression... ...May survives, but the Brexit battle resumes
Also if plan A was 350 million a week for the NHS we must but long past B and into whole other alphabets by now
They had to use these sites to encourage Brexit.Mission accomplished.
I feeling is this is just theatre. Labour wants the Tories to own no-deal, should it come. It can say, "We said they should rule out no-deal but they refused".
New post (In The UK, David Cameron Is Still Getting Blamed For The Brexit Mess) has been published on Newsbuzzr -
This is worth a read, check your passport NOW!!!
The Aussies have got it dead right on the Brexit fiasco. The basic problem is that there is a 52%/48% majority for Brexit amongst the UK public and a 75%/25% majority for Remain in the House of Commons. Direct Democracy first! We need PR now!
Mrs May must stick to her red lines, must not allow a delay or extension of A50, and must not rule out a No Deal Brexit. At the moment she is on the right track. Keep going! And hopefully MPs will approve the deal on 29th January.
While your all being distracted by brexit...... .
The #BOE warned yesterday that a large current account deficit remained a big risk ahead of #Brexit, and that a jump in #Sterling after parliament voted down May’s Brexit plan should not give too much comfort.
LEAVE MEANS LEAVE! THE BEST DEAL IS A: 'NO DEAL BREXIT'!
Thereby making perfectly clear that this is just a time-wasting stunt.
You sure they shouted stop Brexit and not . STOP BLAIR YOU TIT
Despite Brexit, Binance Shines Light On UK Crypto Enthusiasts
This looks extremely worthwhile. I’m tempted to submit my own CV for consideration ! #Brexit #futurelawyers #legalcareer
I am so surprised by this :)
Hey Farage, it looks like only your rich paymasters and mates will benefit from Brexit, please explain....
Still not listening ? #WeDeserveBetter #LetUsDecide
If Brexit is carried through because a public was lied to &amp; deceived by outside influences without consequences in legality, the UK will lose many years of opportunity &amp; success. Hold 2nd Referendum, public DECISION!, not politicians.
Corbyn is setting out his 'moral high ground' and will end up abstaining on May's deal "I cannot support your deal but cannot allow the country to exit without a deal" . That gives him what he wants (#Brexit ) and all the blame on the Tories. How many Labour MPs would follow?
So where’s the bit where we take back control?
Of all the arguments for a second referendum, and there are a number that are basically irrefutable, this is by far and away the shittest and does immeasurable damage to the cause. This #Brexit stuff was just ridiculous.
It's a blame game. May can point to Corbyn and the SNP and say "See! it's all their fault, if they'd talked to me everything would have been fine." Fact: the government is to blame, for trying to deliver something which is not and never was feasible - a cake-and-eat-it Brexit.
Your Brexit was a gift from Putin. You need to bell your cat.
May (a Remainer) has gone out of her way to sabotage Brexit. The word treason has been thrown about a lot, and in my opinion with good reason. No body really believes the establishment figures are loyal to the public or even Queen, only their own power within power networks.
may be you don't have see that the hightest lost is when the labour back brexit in the most plausible scenario .
The UK may not have a much more functional government than the US but they've sure got us on entertainment value and wittiness on the floor
No-deal Brexit will hurt us and we're not ready, say tech companies
Brexit deadlock: May pandering to 'sectarian protestant DUP' blasts Tory grandee Ken Clarke
His assessment has applications in the US as well.
Can't figure out British politics. Seems that many oppose Brexit and are not fans of May. Why doesn't Labor have a leader who is pro-remain &amp; not anti-Semitic? Then they might prevail?
And I've certainly been guilty of calling the Withdrawal agreement 'Mays Deal' which is shorter and snappier, when really what it is is Brexit with an agreed path to a number of possible deals, of which May's is just one.
Of course it said nothing lol.... we are in serious trouble come brexit day, thing is so many people still think anything anti brexit is project fear...
Brexit: France activates no-deal plan -
BORIS JOHNSON DROPS MASSIVE BOMBSHELL AGAINST BREXIT
Look, I'll do Brexit. Just put me in charge and I'll have it sorted by Monday. Best deal available, guaranteed. All I want in return is a new identity and somewhere nice to hide.
Except for the fact that we voted to leave with no deal you retard.
He's no socialist or he'd care about well-being of working people. And everyone else. Whoever supports #Brexit does not.
how's that brexit thingy working out for you?
#Frauderendum16 #RevokeA50 . Remain now 12% ahead in polls
this must be clear enough for #Conservatives MPs to understand so they can explain what it means to May if she's still struggling to get her head round what it means to put the electorate first, am sure she'll be asking for your input once she's got #DUP permission
The brexit Corbyn wants maintains freedom of movement, I haven't heard any young voters issuing red lines on that so why would they ditch the party promising a brighter future and somehow vote for the tories or the party that facilitated them in screwing all those under 30?
And this..
Crash-out Brexit looms larger for scientists after deal rejected
Support for staying in EU highest since Brexit vote, poll finds
Brexit : Germany, Europe react after parliament voting
If that is the case the Germans should help.
Keep sending your nonsense letters because I know will, rightly in this case, likely just ignore them.
Color me confused by the Brexit situation: the people voted directly on the issue, and now the Parliament is basically working to undermine efforts to meet that mandate. Some are even calling for a do-over on referendum vote. All the details aside, that doesn't seem right.
Brexit watch: will this 6.5%+ yielder sink, or surge, in the event of no deal? #wealthmanagement #personalfinance #investing #retirement $FTSE
Every day is a good day to bury bad news Brexit the ultimate Crosby dead cat Austerity borne on the backs of the poor And well .. more of the same from the Tories
Not this guys biggest fan but he's not wrong here #Brexit #Corbyn #TheresaMay
Theresa May seeks Brexit fix in talks with rivals #NigeriaNews #Nigeria
BBC News - Tony Blair: No deal Brexit 'catastrophic' for UK
Corbyn will go down in history as the Politician who “Present but not Involved”
Yes indeed! What goes around, comes around, at last even for the Oxford scum running what is left of the British empire. "From David Cameron, who recklessly gambled his country’s future on a...
Yes, I miss these things too. It is a great sadness to lose a trusted companion who turns out to be a bigot. More of the Unbearable Shiteness of Brexit
When I said remainers were causing as much damage as brexiteers this is why, no attempts to be constructive just set on 1 ideological stance
German industry 'looking into the abyss' as Brexit fears mount - The Telegraph
I think the bigger problem is: who's paying for it? Current government won't, ideologically; any government can't if Brexiters goes ahead because there simply won't be the money for it. Plus, as with Hitachi, foreign investors don't want to touch Brexit Britain with a bargepole.
People's Vote: 88% of members want it. Support for any Brexit would damage Labour for 20 years &amp; hand the baton to , dividing the social democratic vote. your last chance. #EndtheMess #BacktotheFuture #Frauderendum16
Spent the morning listening to May repeating herself to tell you what Brexit soundbites have replaced her 'strong and stable' mantra...
Hi , You imposed a three-line whip on your party to trigger Article 50. If you had actually read it you would have seen it says that we leave after two years, with or without a deal. 498 MPs voted for this. Did you not know what you were voting for?
Maybot..... does not compute..... reset, Strong &amp; Stable, The British people, etc...
May seeks Brexit fix in talks with rivals
Great analysis of the potential legal consequences of #Brexit for businesses.
Not sure why anyone would even bother to talk to her, she has no understanding of what negotiation means.
BREAKING: My daughter has just handed me the solution to food supply problems if there's no deal #Brexit #nodeal #SupplyChain
Do not forget your #GreenCard if its a no deal #Brexit, #travelinsurance #carinsurance
Deal /Nodeal is #EU &amp; remainers' plot 2 stop #Brexit. We voted 2 leave not get dragged into EU's trap withdrawal. Get on with #NoDeal brexit
He won’t. Seeing how deep he stands in party politics realized me how 2017 Corbyn is. Vs May?Same same. Huge dissapointment. It’s not just about being pro ref or pro brexit. It’s about how he plays. Tricks and vague statements. Like BoJo, like Gove, just. like. May.
This is far-fetched: first, it would be a crazy strategy (chaotic no deal would have unpredictable consequences); second, Corbyn doesn't have enough control of backbenchers to make it happen; third, Corbyn isn't in charge of Labour's Brexit strategy.
4-1 again. This is a public broadcaster in a major Brexit work. I’m intentioned to write a letter to the Director General.
You are unable to negotiate with a "company" that will not let go of the kitty money the UK gives them. No deal is only option as EU hope we surrender at 11th hour and cancel brexit full stop. #EUshittingtheirpants
Upcoming #H2020 Proposal Writing Training in #Coimbra #Portugal Last places are available to register here: #HorizonEurope #ResearchImpactEU #EU #EuropeanUnion #Europe #Brussels #Lisbon #Porto #Algarve #Erasmus #Innovation #Funds #LinkedIn #Brexit
Remainer Chancellor Tells Big Business MPs Will Stop Clean Brexit in Leaked Call
Delingpole: Brexit Is Now Hanging by a Thread
TWO DAYS TO GO Join us on Saturday for New Year conference with We’ve got a lot to talk about!
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’"
Can't wait to hear what you are going to say about declaring for #brexit #thankTheToriesForBrexit #AndTheLibdems
17 January Weekly podcast: US government websites, Liberia DDoS attacker and no-deal Brexit: #BusinessSecurity #SMB #SMBsecurity #smallbiz #business #SMBs #B2B #malware
'As divisive as ever': readers on Theresa May's #Brexit
Go back to your nutrition facts,brexit and vita hacks, will you?
Check out ’s Tweet: Just spoke some fake newss. It's actually corbyn who refuses to talk to MAY
I really cannot understand why Jeremy Corbyn will not meet with the PM to discuss Brexit Deal. You s he simply out of his depth?
The Tory right and DUP have one goal only. A no deal Brexit. To get it, they need to keep Theresa in place and vote down any attempt to pass a deal. Which they can do.
Just been told at work, that my EU colleagues who fly to work have to move to UK by Brexit or leave their job. If no deal, immediately, if deal by 2020 By extension therefore, once Scotland is independent / rejoins EU, it'd seem I'll also have to face that prospect
Brainwashing is child abuse.
Powerful heartbreaking thread v
The majority of leave voters if not all, the DUP &amp; a large number of Conservatives. The point is no deal is the default position. #Brexit
#Brexit is the best example how things can go wrong if people are driven by social media hypes ! UK entering dark era !
In spite of 2 years of procrastination and really bad negotiating from Brexit supporting ministers the end result is a debacle with no obvious end game that works for the UK. MP'S from all sides are culpable in this mess including Johnson Gove and Fox the arch liars#
No deal Brexit is the best deal!
I have referred to yesterday's article in Times in 1st para of new article on Commons procedure and Brexit just published by Thinking Faith online journal of British Jesuits
A second vote to happen HAS to define the method of Brexit
Germany and France signal willingness to delay Brexit
May will stick to Brexit 'principles' in cross-party talks, says No 10 - The Guardian-
How others see the UK
Gollum Decodes Brexit Shambles With 'Bohemian Rhapsody' Spoof
Why is someone as dense and as ignorant as this given airtime? If she were any more stupid, she'd have to be watered twice a week.
for me, a labour brexit is just as bad as a tory brexit. it's a s simple as that
Brexit is playing into Putin's hands, he wants a weakened EU and NATO, which Brexiteers and Trumpists are giving him. His investment seems to be paying off!
Rather says it all: this man involved us in an illegal war that killed thousands - Justified by spreading democracy - the democracy he now seeks to subvert in this country. Could there be anything more appalling? The people made their decision Bliar #radio4today #brexit
Petition: Brexit re article 50 it must not be suspended/stopped under any circumstances
Jeremy Corbyn makes Brexit speech in Hastings – watch live
The British Fashion Council calls for People's Vote on Brexit!
Life after brexit. A survival guide.
‘Brits will start a WAR!’ Germans demand ‘crazy’ Britain ‘PAY a lot’ for Brexit vote
The Latest: Germany passes Brexit law it may never need via
As people find out how they have been #lied to and #Brexit starts to bites the call for a #Scottish #Indyref2 will become common
Yes, he's a self serving little man.
Hi , You imposed a three-line whip on your party to trigger Article 50. If you had actually read it you would have seen it says that we leave after two years, with or without a deal. 498 MPs voted for this. Did you not know what you were voting for
Come on Cameron. The Labour party have changed there minds on brexit more times than I have had hot dinners. Barry Gardiner called Labour's policy bollocks. He's not wrong.
Why People Are Freaking Out On Gillette, Netflix Price Hike, Huge Youtube Change, Brexit Fail &amp; More
I’m ruling out cold weather. And dying.
Dear Brexit voters. This is not Project Fear.. it's Project Reality. If you had a company here and the UK left the EU wouldn't you move it to Ireland?
The BBC has assiduously dried, polished and airbrushed the Brexit turd - and in Scotland it has actually been licking it. #StateBroacaster
Hopefully he'll get hit by a #PeoplesVote bus on the way home #Brexit #WTOBrexit
That’s you, Jeremy Corbyn and Caroline Lucas who have discovered that the PM has no intention of listening. Together you can make inroads into Theresa’s bumbling handling of Brexit.
Shall we RT this and see how far it goes? The #Tories have very poor memories of what they’ve said and done
Thread! (see two tweets up for context in Brexit) This is a once in a lifetime event of once in a lifetime events
Labour will only consider second Brexit referendum if UK facing 'no-deal disaster', says Corbyn
Brexit hanging by a thread exposes a dictatorship by the Establishment.
AP: RT AP_Europe: Britain's prime minister talks to her political opponents in a desperate bid to get a Brexit deal, while other EU countries ramp up preparations for the impact of Britain leaving the bloc without a deal.
Listen to our Sixth Form students give their opinion on this week's EU Withdrawal Bill vote. They spoke with reporter Rachael Venables live on LBC Radio. #EU #Brexit #Politics #Leave #Remain
UK Labour Party: It could back 2nd #Brexit referendum
And the wall
I'm full of admiration for you Diane and I hope Rudd gets booted out at the next GE - but that could be years away. If the Labour leadership got off the fence on Brexit I'm sure you'd have a better chance of effecting change!
Not sure what to talk about in politics seminars today now that Brexit is all sorted and global politics is all calm and reasonable.
It is also utterly disgraceful, that the ‘oldest democracy on the planet’ had NO measures to protect 5m citizens, whom 's selfish, self-imposed disaster would affect—esp. as this was known WELL BEFORE Brexit, and most dismissed us as insignificant/scaremongering.
I don’t find it astonishing..it’s his norm.
Britain’s Government Is in Chaos, but Somehow Its Leader Still Stands via
I don’t give a Fuck what Spandau Ballet think either.....
(see link) How to use the 'Humble Address' to Revoke Article 50.
They do if the Remainers support proper Brexit, out of EU.... it’s hard to trust the Cabinet! But if Remain Tories get their way, Tories will be slaughter by Leave voters.... Starting with me.
People are waking up to the fact that #Brexit is a weapon of mass distraction, allowing the government AND opposition to both prat about posturing and playing to the gallery instead of DOING THEIR DAMN JOB... ...MAKING BRITAIN HAPPY &amp; GLORIOUS AGAIN.
What will happen when all those labour voters in some constituencies 70% for brexit ignored by their labour eu supporting mps.The choice on the ballot paper was remain or leave 2017 labour voter didn't give labour authority to rule out no deal why didn't you put in 2017 manifesto
agree with concerns over nuclear power but why does it have to be "brexit" that caused it. No evidence for that at all.
Brexit is very much May’s problem but this is a strategic error by Corbyn to not meet. She’s intransigent. Corbyn want brexit and he can blame it on her.
Go and talk. Huffiness makes you look pathetic!
Brilliant from Mishra. Partition comes home. The Malign Incompetence of the British Ruling Class - The New York Times
Should I Buy A House? The Truth About Brexit And Property Prices -
We can't ignore 17.4m people. But should we ignore the 49m who did not vote to the leave the EU?
But let's concentrate on Scotland - where we have thousands of highly skilled EU health care professionals leaving Scotland because of Tory #Brexit
"Ok to support a second Brexit referendum but not a referendum on Scottish Independence." That sounds like a well thought out position Willie. You should embrace independence, your party in might then have a future.
I think if you have sources of off shore income then you could find yourself (post Brexit) in an excellent position to exploit chaos and inequalities. Good to have friends in high places so as to enable money laundering and foreign “investment”. Does that help?
Because Corbyn isn’t fit to be leader. He’s playing party and personal politics rather than putting this country first. He’s already lost the LDs support. A shameful man!
"Now we know what a 'do-able' Brexit is, a lot of business leaders are saying it makes sense to put this back to the people." WATCH: business leader explains why businesses are now starting to back a #PeoplesVote on the Gov's Brexit deal. Please RT:
It can’t be anything else as at this time there is no party that is on the side of democracy or the people they purport to represent. So angry watching democracy being destroyed in the country often held up as the mother of it worldwide. Sadly no more
Which is tantamount to betrayal. If we leave with no deal, so be it. We voted for Brexit after all, which meant leaving the EU, not leaving with a foot in the door.
If no alternative is agreed, then we have a no deal Brexit (as per ). Corbyn's position therefore is that he won't discuss alternatives until an alternative has been agreed.
What about the DUP , Lib Dems and SNP all cosy cosy with May last night in Downing St?! Only clear that no meetings until no deal is off the table! #Brexit #brexitshambles
uk politics is boring idc about brexit if im honest couldn’t give a toss what happens
Jeremy Corbyn Will Decide What Happens to Brexit (Whether He Wants to or Not) via
Brexit means freedom. Brexit means democracy. Brexit means competence. Brexit means better future. Brexit means autonomy. Brexit means pioneering.
Hi , You imposed a three-line whip on your party to trigger Article 50. If you had actually read it you would have seen it says that we leave after two years, with or without a deal. 498 MPs voted for this. Did you not know what you were voting for?
Brexit: France activates no-deal plan
I have had to turn the Today programme off in the morning - not their fault but incessant Brexit rehashes has done for me ..
Is anyone saying that?! I think this graph does show though that a Lancaster House style Brexit was probably the only thing that could have squeezed through Parliament initially.
2018: Surely Twitter can't get any dumber next year? 2019: Jeremy Corbyn asked May to take no-deal Brexit off the table as part of his secret plan to enforce no-deal Brexit
The people voted to Leave, until politicians finally decide to respect their wishes then democracy is in a coma. No trust in politicians who are now seen as self serving, arrogant, dismissive to people who pay their wages. I for one will never vote again if Brexit is betrayed
Chaos and our 'politicians' running about like headless chickens. #Brexit
Commons officials say that MPs do not have a 'legal veto' to stop no-deal Brexit
Nicely summed up
Could parliament take control of the Brexit process —and what would happen if they did?
Put forward your questions to panel of experts at upcoming event - Brexit 'Question Time' - 7 Feb 2019. Find out more -
Scaremongering is alive and well at the FT why are you always cup half empty not half full? Brexit won't be on the minds of average home buyer the chance of a Corbyn lead government bringing with it unemployment and high interest rates is another thing.
The next steps for Brexit as racing plays the waiting game &gt;&gt;&gt;
Great...
I think this is his biggest problem:
I liked a video Andrew Neil grills Jacob Rees Mogg on Brexit (16Jan19)
As Brexit nears, EMA improves staff retention forecast, commits to uninterrupted drug evaluations
Oh that's smart. Well done Labour.
You didnt defeat isis, your entire administration is under investigation, your closest ally is Russia, brexit is dying, and you are still tweeting like a scared little boy
I kinda undertand why you don't comprehend it, but, to be fair, Labour is in a really difficult position trying to conciliate internal positions (both in its MPs and its electorate) that are even more apart than in the Tories
Analyst Pound-to-Euro Exchange Rate Forecasts Eye 1.1360 post-Brexit Vote: The GBP/EUR exchange rate continues its ascent with the pair hitting a new 2019 high at 1.1307 in mid-week trade, which amounts to a 1.58% ...
Brexit Uncertainty Risks UK Rights | Via: Human Rights Watch
associated-press|May battles to keep Brexit on track after no-confidence win|
Theresa May says MPs must 'work together' to deliver Brexit #FreshtalkHeadlines
Thread
reuters|UK in deadlock over Brexit 'Plan B' as May and Corbyn double down|
The letter is clear, consistent and accurate. The Prime Minister needs to understand that her deal is dead and that parliamentary consensus can only be achieved by open and full consultation without her redundant red lines. That is in The National Interest.
MUST READ A MOMENT of civilizational SELF-NEGATION The Western World going rogue. L'ensauvagement de l'Occident #NYT #TrumpShutdown #Trump #Brexit #YellowVests #GiletJaunes #YellowVest #GiletsJaunes #YellowVestsUK #GiletJaune
GBP/USD analysis: Brexit saga far from over, next chapter on Monday
Well, it concerns us too since brexit would create collateral damages. And to be honest, his analyses is spot on.
Opposite Office redesigns Buckingham Palace as co-living space for 50,000 Londoners #teamarchi #Brexit _
i havent had time to watch the mv yet i blame brexit
Brexit Who Do you Blame? and you only show clips of Gove’s speech and not Watson’s. Nice balance shown there!!!!
What about being for #brexit?
The latest Cancer Hallmarks Tribune! Thanks to #eurekamag #brexit
Yes and yes and yes. I love many things about the British, especially their literature, but the damage wrought by their imperialism has been tremendous and ongoing.
what to do about Brexit?
"Man of the people" Going against the people.
#Islam #Brexit #UKIP: ISIS 'Speaks for No Religion'. You honestly believe that?
Theresa May is attacked by Corbyn and Sturgeon (yeh, honest) for standing by her RED LINES! Theresa May calls on leaders to get together with her to discuss Brexit further - guess what these two losers Corbyn and Sturgeon (present leaders) do? CREATE RED LINES! Ars*holes.
Never voted in 37 years, as most MP's are a waste of oxygen. Brexit mess has just confirmed to me that politics is one big panto! Oh no it's not!! Oh yes it is!!
Theresa May will end up as a casualty of egotistical men similar to the isolation of Margaret Thatcher #Brexit historically this is the plight of powerful female leaders
Brexit news: Germans demand 'crazy' Britain 'PAY a lot' for Brexit | UK | News |
She's alive! Steve Bell on Theresa May's Brexit defeat – cartoon - political cartoon gallery in London
It’s going to be a bit awkward for the Tories and MSM when Theresa May ends up adopting Jeremy Corbyn’s Brexit policy after they’ve said that he hasn’t got one #JC4PM2019
Heard that for years from u Brits yet they still there
If you're a fan of the tragedy of irony. This piece by Pankaj Mishra really highlights the depressing continuities of the current Brexit debacle with British imperial history.
BBC News - Brexit: France activates no-deal plan
This imbecile.... The people voted... And they voted out.... It was their democratic right
What an utterly horrible person you are #Brexit
Yeah but in this case Nick Cohen is bang on the money. Corbyn wants brexit as much as any right winger does. He sees it as his path to socialism in one country.
AP: RT AP_Europe: Britain's prime minister talks to her political opponents in a desperate bid to get a Brexit deal, while other EU countries ramp up preparations for the impact of Britain leaving the bloc without a deal.
A wealthy man he won't feel the pain of a hard brexit
Corbyn says any new Brexit referendum can't be a re-run of 2016
UK PM May seeks Brexit fix in talks with rivals
From the mouths of babes comes the #willOfthePeople
Madame Prime Minister, your Brexit vote was influenced by Putin. USA's was clearlyand we would like to re-vote. Don't you think a re-vote would be wise for Britain too? Think!!!
Is this a gradual, incremental shift by Corbyn towards a second ref?
Preparing for changes in trade regulations can literally be a matter of life and death for some supply chains... via
I'd love to remain in the EU, and part of me still hopes it will end up that way. But we all need to try to build consensus and heal divisions. A soft Brexit would be one way to do it.
Not surprised that pro-EU 'Acting' Tory leader in Scotland Jackson Carlaw MSP dodged questioning Nicola Strugeon about the UK Brexit debacle during today's First Minister's Questions; but a bit surprised that...
Staggered at how anyone can praise this speech. Jobs are low paid and insecure, Plymouth schools receive less money per pupil, crime is rising, waiting times at hospitals rising, the pound is low value against other currencies, two years of Tory infighting over Brexit......
"Like a circuit breaker, citizens' assembly can disrupt bad habits... "
'If I’m right, Brexiteers have funked it.' Oh, I hope so.
Outside Parliament. Tuesday (The Tesco Value brigade) goes all out to attract support. .Dontcha just LURVE that 'using women as a tool to glamorise the campaign' look? Me neither. #stopbrexit #peoplesvote #MeaningfulVote #theresamay #BrexitDeal #brexit
Let Gollum guide you through Brexit with this "Bohemian Rhapsody" spoof. via
Foreign: Theresa May seeks Brexit fix in talks with rivals
Whoever is in No.10 Hammond must go. There is no room in gov't for such as he.
Is it too much to hope for that is moving from pro-union to sitting on the fence? Still a long way from its flag-bearing home rule days - but there's been a wee change of tone since the Brexit vote.
There goes your Knighthood..!!
Oh Fuxache, The Brexit sunny uplands
independent|Brexit dominates political circles, but outside Westminster many are tuning out|
Corbyn's favourite fanboy at it again
Jezza. Always putting the country first.
ppl making jokes about brexit can fuck off, grocery stores are literally hiring security bc they’re gonna run out of food so fast, people’s livelihoods and lives are at risk &amp; u relating it to ur starbucks order or exam u bombed is just gross
Socialists you are a bigger threat than climate change. Where do you think money for free services comes from? One day businesses will fail under the burden of socialist financial theft. There will be no jobs, money, services, food... a lot will be dead and dying.
Look for logo design ?Please contact
Sorry but nah
And I even got to see him IRL at the #NetherWinchendonFete !
Otto - you are totally right. The Vox Pox - and trying to get a balanced view is the worst shit we have seen about Brexit. It's infuriating seeing these morons talking about the "Will of the People".
Then Labour and now brexit.
I'm working on Spanish for the hell of it. Duolingo is super friendly and wants to make you think you understand the language. Anki flash cards are a harsher mistress. Streaming Radio Nacional de España is talking about Brexit.
Because ultimately Corbyn is more in favour of brexit than May. His only interest in this to to try and become PM.
go check out it's new but its nice if you like Econ:) #economy #business #ThursdayThoughts #Brexit
I'm going to (try to) stay away from Brexit shit for a while. Both main party leaders are playing chicken and we are tied up in the back of the cars. One or both of them will lead us to disaster. When it happens I'll fight whoever is responsible with everything I have.
There will be no elections before Brexit so you should be concentrating on the deal.
. The Government can't get its Brexit deal through. Here’s why I think a #PeoplesVote is the #OnlyWayForward:
Brexit: France activates no-deal plan: Prime Minister Edouard Philippe says a no-deal Brexit looks "less and...
Im frantically trying to think of an easy reference to point 13 to. It's so complicated. Im currently reading the excellent book on Brexit and the Brits from an Irish perspective. It's very good but too in depth for a 13 yo.
The Malign Incompetence of the British Ruling Class via
Proper Brexit coach required
independent|Labour will only consider new Brexit referendum if UK is facing 'no-deal disaster', says Corbyn|
No, the starting point is Corbyn getting off the fence. No deal is just the default option if nothing else can be agreed. Railing against it gets you nowhere.
DAZN applies for European broadcast licence to mitigate potential consequences of Brexit .
'Order!' Why Europeans are turning to John Bercow for light relief in Brexit chaos – video: -
Record a Glasgow one please
The times is a remoaner publication as they wanted to remain. #Brexit
These thick Brexit fucks like Shilton, Saunders, Keown, Collymore and Parlour are quite clearly upset that a Johnny Foreigner has come over here, taking away a job from a BRITISH COACH and shown everyone up for the inferior little plebs they are. #lufc
Brexit, U.S. Trade And Government Shutdown In Focus
Revoke article 50 is now the only reasonable solution for society and economy, regarding all other types of thinking, medical help is needed. #Brexit #UK #Scotland #NorthernIreland #EU
No, SpaceAngel, you knew exactly what the bastard was like before you joined! xx
A must-read if ever was. Excellent.
Remainer Chancellor Tells Big Business MPs Will Stop Clean Brexit in Leaked Call
Emmanuel Macron’s summation of Brexit: ‘The British people were sold a lie’ via
Really ?
A politician that admits politicians lie. News flash, we already know and, guess what, you are a politician so what does that say about you? #Macron #Brexit
After the red lines comes the abattoir. A red meat brexit will agin be the poorest to the wall and the rich will walk away.
Of course they were. Corbyn asked first if she was willing to drop "no deal" Brexit, May said "NO", JC refuses to go. All other party leaders go &amp; ask same question, get same answer. And who are you all blaming? JC? When are you going call this govt to account?
I originally voted to leave but have no confidence our government can deliver a good brexit. If given the chance I will vote to remain as I don’t trust our mps with the job of leaving
As long as Oligarchs including a Putin’s stolen million are safe in UK no worry.
Forget that then. Let’s just proceed with Brexit and we can get that all cleared up in days.
Not only #EU folk in UK loses their basic #HumanRights but also basic access to their own data as #subhuman category created anew
You still keep ignoring that there's more to the EU than just economy. That's one of those Brexit problems, few people think about what the other side wants and completely ignore interests that are not their own in their suggestions. The EU will not allow cherry picking like this
Brexit bingo winner
#Analysis: Why #Referendums Aren’t as #Democratic as They Seem. #Brexit
Corbyn won't back a #PeoplesVote because it might get us out of this mess. Not being in a mess, reduces his chances of getting and winning a GE. is only interested in getting into No10. Nothing else matters. Not the nation nor the people.
Keeping the Peace | The Irish Times
If had started from a place of command we may not be in the pickle we are in over brexit right now. Negotiation isn’t the same as capitulation Theresa you may play the crowd well but you have given nothing but your career in politics a hand.
Well you are asking for a no deal brexit which is the worst of everything. LOOK! at this dog shit "morons of the week"??? how inspiring!
"Remainer Chancellor Tells Big Business MPs Will Stop Clean #Brexit in Leaked Call" #UKoutofEU #FreeTommy #BanEU #BanGlobalism #YellowVestsUK
Believe it when it happens.
Good write up of where the money for both side came from... As well as fraud it shows that that just 50 very rich individuals want to control the destiny of 60 million, not acceptable in my option.
I generally don’t post political commentary on social media because I think it’s a bad medium for healthy discourse. I’ll make an exception for this piece because I think it’s worth reading for everybody who has a few minutes to spare.
I could imagine the Brexit bigwigs, all promoting a boycott with sound bites "we've already voted" etc. In event where millions of formerly leave voters do boycott, and say they are boycotting, where does that leave the result? Many won't (with good reason) accept the result.
Newsflash. We can still trade with the EU after Brexit...and tariff free.
independent|How long would it take to organise a new Brexit referendum?|
Billboard campaign reminds voters of MPs' Brexit promises
BBC News - Brexit: Theresa May meeting MPs 'to seek consensus' Time for Theresa May to say goodbye
Don’t rely on Germany to solve Brexit, it doesn’t need to help Britain | Alan Posenor
"In in in in in!" #F1 #Brexit
Indeed I am one who did just this.
wait till they start talking about Welsh rugby
I didn't mean to insult; I'm just pointing out that you seem to be unaware of all of the factors surrounding Brexit, and why leaving may not be in the nation's best interest.
Be quick, Theresa, not sure if IKEA delivers to the UK after Brexit! #brexit #brexitmemes #brextinct #fuckbrexit #ikea #ikeacabinets #funnymemes #theresamay #theresamaymemes
There seems to be a wee bit of confusion over Brexit next steps, so here is House of Commons’ tweet:
Also why didn't they try to do that before, they were 2 years too late in forming common ground on Brexit. Labour did offer to have talks after the 2017 general election.
CGTN report on resent #BREXIT happenings like it's all win,win situation for Europe and lose,lose for Britain.
Whatever happens, Brexit is bad news for young housebuyers
May could use a few of those atm. #Brexit
So, we won't have control of money, borders, trade deals, Regulations/Laws What's the point ITS NOT BREXIT
The debate about Lexit is now irrelevant. The only form of Brexit that is possible is one that will entrench the status quo or produce something far worse. The left must unite against it. openDemocracy
Hi , You imposed a three-line whip on your party to trigger Article 50. If you had actually read it you would have seen it says that we leave after two years, with or without a deal.
I'm sure there's something in this. See also: "Brexiters would have been much happier if they had lost"
How do we prepare for Brexit when so much is undecided?
Deselect them all.
An idea for sorting our democratic crisis - for now (until #Brexit is settled) the PMs role should be up for grabs by Hardcore rules. Any MP can claim stewardship in the halls of Westminster with a chair shot, a referee and the 1, 2, 3. They then jest need to hold on to the job.
How do we prepare for Brexit when so much is undecided?
What exactly is France’s plan for a no-deal Brexit?
How do we prepare for Brexit when so much is undecided?
Two and a half years ago, on the back of a police motorcycle, somewhere in Cambodia. Officer: ‘Where you from?’ Me: ‘England!’ ‘Haha! England BREXIT haha!’ ‘Yes, hahaha’ ‘Brexit STUPID hahahaha!’ ‘…yes, ha’ ‘Hahahahahahha!’ ‘…’
'Brexit, buildings &amp; Sadiq in the spotlight – 2019 in prospect'. Find out what was debated at the fascinating session on how London’s built environment might be affected over the coming year – at our State of the Market event held last night: #NLASOTM
Why is collaboration always a last resort... (not just with Brexit, but what a waste of 2 years). How much time is wasted by not engaging the right people early enough?
Is Corbyn wrong to refuse Brexit talks until May rules out ‘no deal’?
We had the referendum and Parliament has chosen to ignore the will of the people. Why do you think another referendum would change the govt's #Brexit policy? #WTOBrexit
The latest The CyborgStu Daily Post! Thanks to #lfc #brexit
Macron tells it like it is on Brexit – and raises prospect of fresh MEP elections before Brexit day thanks to an A50 extension.
Brexit news: Moment Jeremy Corbyn PULLED back to his bench by Labour MP | UK | News |
It's a safe bet that needs some to push her dead-ass #Brexit "plan" forward....
At least #TonyBlair never betrayed a motion passed by a #Labour conference. He supports a #PeoplesVote and is conforming with conference because Labour's failed to get a GE,
Recall that the last time the media assumed remain would win it lost. I admit that I have some concerns over his handling of brexit but I see the wisdom in his ambiguity.
theTruthIsOut-ThoseThatLivedOffTheirWitsWillAlsoHave2DirtyTheirHands2EarnALivingFromNowOn-Woman's Fancy Blair Through a Tirade': Brexit Talks a Waste of Good ~TIme And Money - Go Home Blaire 'MadCow' Disease 'Vibes' Doesn't work Quite the Same Anymore
You might find interesting - a 16th century Jesuit might just unlock Brexit. Joe Egerton 07969 855533
Indeed.
Theresa Mays Deal would win in a preferential vote knockout process. Caveat 1: No Deal is written into article 50 and can’t be fully eliminated. Caveat 2. A Labour Deal would only be on the ballot if Labour had a plan, but after 2 years they still don’t have a coherent plan.
Please dont just leave the argument in a huff. I have not said that all leave voters are racist. Some clearly aren't, but many are. (Twitter is not a good platform to go in detail.) The leave supporters who vote Labour are probably in the minority. Brexit is a right wing thing
Brexit isn’t against their own interests.
Do you beg to differ with Michel Barnier, who literally said exactly what I've just said?
an underrated outcome of Brexit. Tertiary education (and above) is one of the few remaining industries where Britain punches above its weight. The exodus of the researchers that maintain that will diminish Britain intellectually and economically
Well now that seems like has her easy Brexit give Scotland their Indy ref 2 no more UK no more EU problems. Scotland has no one to trade with as the EU don't want another country who can't meet their monetary needs, and will Scotland have funds to put in a Border?
You've got help yes?
He's not interested in the will of the people! He should have been fired years ago except his boss Theresa May agrees with him! Both hide bound Remainers.
Perhaps Nick, it would help if you asked Theresa May why she turned down JC's invitation to talk 2.5yrs ago and tried to broker a Brexit deal without talking to any of her party or any other party until yesterday.
As a Brexit supporter myself, your tone here is not helpful.
Full attendance.
handy No Deal Brexit tips
ENOUGH.. #LEAVEMEANSLEAVE
They said they would take part in cross party negotiations, so long as a no deal brexit is off the table. What’s wrong with that? No deal would be disastrous, if anything Corbyn and Sturgeon are putting the UK first
A piece by Yours Truly on (and especially Glenn Turner) in the 70s has made it into A name check for too #Cricket Makes a change from law and Brexit
May faces mass resignations as she launches cross-party Brexit talks
Hello Sue, here in Brexit madness. Great theatre while the country goes up in flames.
To choose to ignore everything Corbyn has said about Brexit, and there's plenty of it, is a political game in itself. What more can he do to make it clear? The Labour Party set out their strategy in September and have stuck to it ever since. What more could you ask.
Good get rid of the traitors and frauds. #DrainTheSwamp #WTOBrexit #Brexit May faces mass resignations as she launches cross-party Brexit talks | Daily Mail Online
good go for no deal brexit. We want factories and ppl to have " good work". We want away from ruling elite scum. Ni needs a referendum. Restore faith in politics. Leave the EU who cares about shareholders- bankers, name of game.
His country is currently riddled with people rioting against him and EU policies so not he's not nailing it
Order!' Why Europeans are turning to John Bercow for light relief in Brexit chaos via
Theresa May needs a deal that can get through the Commons — and the brutal truth is that this is likely to lead her to a softer Brexit
Leavers have just killed the best chance of Brexit ever happening
The latest The Stuart Bruce Daily! Thanks to #brexit #ai
In his own time, his own way young padawan! He sees bigger picture clearer than most
This is absolutely disgusting #brexit #Remainers EU Deatherendum - Brexit Means Nothing
Government 'sneaks out' £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote Ministers accused of attempting to bury the harsh impact of the change to pension credit #Brexit #ToryBritain #GetTheToriesOut
Good, replace with Leavers...Now May faces mass resignations: Twenty ministers 'threaten to QUIT' if she tries to block bid by Remainer rebels to rule out a no-deal Brexit - as she launches cross-party talks to break deadlock via
Khan told: Quit obsessing about stopping #Brexit and sort out #London crime
Disgusting that chooses to highlight this chancer
The Malign Incompetence of the British Ruling Class via
Ahh, Belgium. A colleague of mine suggested recently that Belgium’s sole purpose was to provide a venue for fighting Germans. Jingoistic nonsense of course, but quite funny nonetheless...
fucking hell how shit do you have to be to get slapped by gove in the commons. corbyns lost it for me over handling of brexit, whole things been a joke. shame, cause he had a proper cause people could get behind before
Brexit means Brexit, on the date on WTO terms no extension
The £4.2bn isn’t enough to find the NHS for 2 weeks, just so you know. Preparing for no deal is sensible. If they weren’t you’d be jumping all over it saying they were disorganised!
I am talking about JC here not TM. He is sitting on the hence. Offering a soft Brexit, trying to stop no deal Brexit, people's vote, election to delay article 50. He just says what he feels is right to keep people at the time. Even his own MP has said he is sitting on the fence.
#Brexit - So it turns out that the new EU deadline is the inauguration of the new EU Parliament in July 2nd? I still don't think that will be time enough with the muppets we've got. #LetsGoWTO
A semi-Brexit, with just England and Wales leaving the EU, is the solution | Kim Lane Scheppele
PamyBot:~$#forex #fxDailyFX "German BDI industry body has highlighted the dangers to the German economy of a No Deal #Brexit, warning that ‘any lack of clarity would jeopardize tens of thousands of businesses &amp; hundreds of thousands of jobs in #Germa…
Michael Gove tears into Jeremy Corbyn with blistering attack on his shameful past as PM faces moment of truth Corbyn is a bigger danger than Brexit for sure!
I want another referendum after watching the shambles that is brexit
2. Corbyn is asking May to respect the consensus of Parliament, which is overwhelmingly against No Deal, and commit to moving her red lines to accommodate a softer Brexit. I don’t understand why you don’t understand this?
aha screw brexit
Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’ by STEVEN ERLANGER
Airline warns passengers to check passports will still be valid after 29 March
"it's all very tricky"
Exactly, Scotland is in jeopardy due to Brexit, And here we have Kez uttering garbage.
Shoe is on the other foot now isn't it. Why cant TM see this, go hard with WTO, leave on 29 March and wait for the floods of bilateral agreements, FTAS and that's just from the EU27
Nown this certainly sounds like a threat ... #BREXIT #YellowVestsUK
Possibly the most interesting thread I've ever read. And I've read at least 7
So Corbyn votes against the only deal the EU says they’ll approve but then says he won’t talk to the PM until a No Deal Brexit is off the table. Parliament is a shambles with politicians on both sides using Brexit for a power grab rather than act in the interests of the country.
And don't forget there's a parliamentary recess in February, so even less time for sorting out this dire mess.
UK Parliament: Give the people of the UK a meaningful voice on Brexit: hold a Citizens' Assembly - Sign the petition! via
"Describing Britain’s calamitous exit from its Indian empire in 1947, the novelist Paul Scott wrote that in India the British...
Well that's a bit of a relief.
I’m no lover of but did you ask Sinn Féin to stop killing British Citizens before you sat down and started talking to them ? as a no deal Brexit isn’t quite the same.
you'll have #mentalhealth issues if you keep saying no to a #NoDeal whilst obstructing #Brexit with your pro #Remain rhetoric... you do know you lost the #Referendum ?
There you go And that’s in a union supporting newspaper. Thoughts?
me and chloe watched the whole brexit debacle live and i just could not stop fucking hyping up john bercow
has had over 2 years to (a) take No Deal off the table (b)Invite Cross party corporation to hammer out the most agreeable #Brexit plan that can get through HoC! She is deliberately running down the clock and is incapable of leading the country (except over the edge)!
I've always thought that might well ultimately use the nuclear option of a GE and destroy her party to stop Brexit happening. Given we are only a few weeks away from freedom only kamikaze is left for her.
Good, if scary, assessment here of why a #NoDealBrexit would be a devastating move for nature protection. It must not happen.
Brilliant
Corbyn calls on May to take no-deal Brexit off table
No what you are doing is legitimising a no deal brexit with your negative campaigning. Look at that dog shit work "morons of the week" HOW INSPIRING!
The laughable thing is you don’t seem to understand that it’s those kind of “stories” that kills the remoaner argument to begin with. It promotes the #Brexit case even more.
I get that, but what May's proposing is for us to stay in the customs union and in a quasi-single market without a voice or vote. What's the point of that kind of non-Brexit Brexit, exactly?
If there is a second referendum, I will vote LEAVE again, as I did the first time (you know, the referendum that they are trying to ignore). I hate the EU more now than I did back in 2016. Bastards. Fuck ‘em - trying to punish us for having the audacity to want to leave #Brexit
Fuck Brexit. I want to go back to the old days when all I ever talked about was Doctor-fucking-Who.
She already implied that she isn't budging on her red lines. So, if they are going to put forward a similar shambolic deal, why would Labour waste it's time? The SNPs are meanwhile joining talks for a Brexit deal when they are vehemently against Brexit. The irony.
The View from the Deck: Tweets from: #brexit #renaultsportuk
Entering cross party negotiations on this basis confirms what we all knew, it’s gesture politics and Jeremy Corbyn should steer clear. Let her burn her own house down whilst ours stay perfectly in tact #IStandWithCorbyn
So coming back again and again to vote for Pauline’s Brexit deal is fine, yet another referendum is undemocratic.
#Brexit. Time to identify and separate out what’s improbable or unpalatable from the impossible.
Think they will find Scotland voted against leaving eu
Nor the #RemainerNow community
We will be without a customs union if we get No Deal, which will automatically happen in 71 days time. Of course there's no guarantee Remain would win, we'd have to win it, but if Leave won, we'd leave with a mandate for that specific type of Brexit. It'd suck, but it'd be fair.
(see link) How to use the 'Humble Address' to Revoke Article 50.
The nation doesn't need to be subjected to an incompetent failing to do her job properly, and only now coming to the realisation that she should work on a cross-party basis to "deliver Brexit". Two-and-a-half years wasted.
What a sick comment. This is the level of argument coming from anti-Brexit Remainers desperate to overturn the democratic will of the British people at any cost.
Michael Healy Rae doing for meat-eating what Boris Johnson did for Brexit right now on . Bravo #ClimateChangeIsReal
That's right, she has no future beyond Brexit. We've got a Kamikaze Pilot at the helm.
Demographically there are fewer younger people coming through than there are middle aged becoming old, demographically Britain is becoming more conservative, and, thus, more pro-brexit.
One thing Brexit has done is " Normalise " Racism, Xenophobia and division. That's a fact.
Might make a good choice for a weekend. So deperate to get out somewhere. No Cyprus this year, partly because of Brexit and uncertain outcomes RE the £. Oxford in and AirB&amp;B maybe.
For the European Union to work, humanity has to be less greedy. Its a pure and simple fact and its the reason why the EU isn't the wonderful thing it should be. #Brexit
Against the background of increasing #volatility due to #Brexit voting, we observed a false breakdown of the lower boundary of the ascending channel. #GBPUSD is currently trying to print a fresh high above 1.2900. Learn more about that on #tradingview
1/ We're told MPs are frightened that they will be blamed if the Referendum result isn't honoured. The truth is its too late for MPs to escape this mess without blame. Deliver Brexit or not, one half or the other of the electorate will blame the politicians and vote accordingly.
UK demand for credit cards and mortgages is collapsing as Brits brace themselves for the shock of Brexit
Too many double negatives in British press coverage of Brexit. "no deal Brexit not unlikely", and "opposition lose no confidence vote" are some examples. Just sayin'
Citizens Assemblies as the way forward to Brexit solution, say some MPs:
Hold a Second Brexit Referendum
Anyone want to play Brexit bingo?
I blame Brexit :)
In which Hawai’ians would rather the constant threat of an unpredictable and capricious geological fault which could unleash a national catastrophe at any moment, over Brexit.
BBC News - Brexit talks: What does the DUP want?
Far be it from me to suggest Mike Gapes is stretching the truth, but I struggle to believe that he finds it extraordinary that Corbyn isn’t prepared to meet May.
Hmm..... I'll stick with the logic from the EUsceptic but otherwise logic of the non-partisan DAG
In you’re opinion d’you think we’ll get #brexit ? If so a) no deal with WTO or d’you think b) an acceptable deal will come to the table ?
What about the Arab babies you bombed with depleted uranium in Fallujah (on a pack of (((globalist))) lies), you psychopath scum?
So what do you think she we I'll be offering? A crap Brexit and more vicious austerity? No thanks.
'Observations of an Expat: Dead Not Buried' #Brexit #TheresaMay #Corbyn #EU by Tom Arms in Tuck Magazine
Not even a question, she should stay and take the country out of EU, no help from past Brexit Sec or other numpty MPs in HOC.
Whilst I'm sceptical of the ability of to divine the will of this apparently homogeneous mass of 17.4m voters supporting a 'hard' #Brexit... it's difficult to argue with Mick's analysis of the last 2 days
Interesting... will soon publish proposals for more deliberative democratic methods like citizens assemblies to shift the toxic culture of our current democratic dialogue to more positive approaches that seek to build consensus...
As Paris Burns, Macron Falls, Can #Frecit Be On The Horizon! Trump #LIBERATES USA &amp; Europe From Disastrous Globalism!!! #FundTheWall
The Controlled Demolition of Brexit - #NewWorldNextWeek via
Labour is not short of activists these days, and we're not obsessed by Europe. Brexit is still a Tory policy and you would do well to oppose the architects of that shock doctrine rather than the people on your side.
“Ditch the red lines” on Brexit for negotiations: UK Opp leader to PM May
Brexit: France activates no-deal plan
Anyone still thinking there are three options available, are sadly mistaken. The EU will not renegotiate leaving only No Deal, or No Brexit. I hope we get a say in the matter and I'm firmly in camp number two. Call this whole thing off.
Not too sure myself Tom, I chose the footy because I'm heart sick of effin Brexit!
Pitbull would sort out brexit in a flash. He'd "dial it" then "back it up like a Tonka truck". Mr Worldwide for PM. #pitbull4pm
amazed that the guy who made a daily announcement that Art 50 would never be invoked might have a bad Brexit take
#MichaelGove Such a humble man It's in his genes
You gotta talk about Brexit. It will be interesting to hear some viewpoints.
Accepted, Micheal. But might it also be possible that the surging optimism of a caring, progressive independent Scotland might indeed produce an, ehm, love-bump in the figures?
Looks like has sold you down the river...but then he was as against #brexit as Marsan is working class so no great surprise. Sir Cable? Lord Cable? Baron Cable?
Accepted, Micheal. But might it also be possible that the surging optimism of a caring, progressive independent Scotland might indeed produce an, ehm, love-bump in the figures?
Economics lesson 1: Pound goes down, prices for our poorest consumers go up. Brexit has made food imports far, far more expensive, than a small tariff on rice. Stop the lying, please.
. Why are you hosting hate speech on your website from Polly Toynbee, masquerading it as news? #HateSpeech #Brexit
I liked a video Nigel Farage on Parliament's Historic Brexit Vote | This Morning
Definitely something in this. Reminds me of the excellent blog: "Why Brexiters would have been much happier if they had lost"
Oh I see your confusion, Brexit is only intended to stop dark skinned EU citizens, not the fair-skinned blonde types. Sorry for any mixup this maybe caused.
I think we've reached the line in our written constitution that says Danny Dyer now takes over running of the gaff for the foreseeable future. All hail King Dyer. #Brexit #UKSeriesFinale
Remembering, of course, that 'EU money' is merely the nett contributions from countries like the UK and Germany. The EU has no money of its own.
I am concerned by this. I voted “yes” ,I voted “remain”. However the argument for second indyref, for me, is solid. Another Brexit vote seems to say “keep voting until you vote right”. If we got a second ref and win This sets the president that referendums don’t really count.
You once said 52 v 48 outcome would be ‘unfinished business’ so jog on tosser
Love your show Jeremy but today on the Brexit segment you said "crash out" five times in ten mins. Language influence in communications is real and the BBC should be impartial. The media has a duty to report rather than influence.
Brexit not to blame for the housing slump its the banks who we bailed out young people need £20,000 to £50,000 for deposit how many have this in their bank companies closing Green BHS £1 Rowe M&amp;S is accelerating closure 2019 accelerating I have been told from Exc Office.
Yvette Cooper, Hilary Benn and John Mann among Labour MPs who have been to the Cabinet Office for Brexit talks with the Government today.
Excellent debate and response from minister. Now on to debate on legislation for 2nd referendum. #Brexit
fucking hate the brexit already
A TRAITOR TO THE UK, JUST LOOK AT HIM! GET OUT OF EU! ‘Remainer Phil‘ Tells Corporates MPs Will Stop Clean Brexit in Leaked Call via
Premier League clubs are already plotting major player recruitment in South America, Asia and Africa in the expectation that the Home Office will relax international working permits across professional sport after a no-deal Brexit #mufc [telegraph]
Support for Remain highest since referendum, Brexit poll finds YEAH LIKE FUC.K IT HAS
first plant pot to second plant pot " is she still here? "
I thought maybe we'd not need to blame the EU for all our problems had you not introduced punitive austerity that took it out on the less well off but hey ho.
#lbc #brexit #EU #Europe #gmb #leave #goodmorningbritain #london #poland #polish with an estimated 3.5 million EU migrants in the UK a 2nd vote could be taken away from the Brits by EU colonisation.
How the UK will get through brexit
This #Brexit banner aged well
. thinking pretty much the same as me...
Well sort out Brexit first then we can get on with the other stuff! #CustomsUnion
Corbyn can only be defeated if he actually stood for something on #Brexit Still waiting to see what that might be (Sneaking thought that Hard Brexit would suit his beliefs just fine + he blames resulting shambles on Tories - sorted!) Time is limited because that was May's intent
Beautiful...5 degrees in the UK and the press are reporting a 'big freeze'.It does stop them talking about the embarrassment of Brexit though!!!!
You LIAR. It has absolutely sod all to do with Brexit. Stop lying to your constituents you witch.
OUR FRIEND'S ACROSS THE POND NEED A LEADER THAT FIGHTS FOR THE CITIZENS LIKE OUR PRESIDENT DOES FOR US. I STAND WITH YOU BREXIT BATTALION
please take note. The only outcomes that were voted on and have any wide support with the population are Remain and No Deal. If one is disastrous then the other must be your preference. A half-Brexit concedes decision-making to Brussels without any say.
The £ has been lower and it isn’t a big deal, also blaming it all on Brexit is bullshit.
I liked a video What Happens Now May's Deal Was Rejected? - Brexit Explained
In a time of crisis, red lines must be crossed...but only by the Prime Minister, it seems. #Brexit #TheresaMay #JeremyCorbyn #WeeklyWindowontheWorld
This really has been the case For quite a while now, how do we get this into Maybot and Corbyns skulls?
Labour's Barry Gardiner Likens No-Deal Brexit To “Blowing Our Own Brains Out” - LBC OK , lets move beyond the soundbites and make the case for that alarmist sentiment #stopprojectfear
BUY NOW BEAUTIFUL VINTAGE NYLON STOCKINGS FOR ONLY 10 EURO IN THE LEGSWARE-SHOP :-)) #stockings #seamed #holdups #vintage #nylons #Brexit #highheels #IFollowAll #ifollowback #feet #legs #ThursdayMotivation #milf #ThursdayThoughts #ffnylons #nylonstrümpfe
Statement of the blindingly obvious BUT this is more Corbyn trying to force a General Election using Brexit as the catalyst and debate.
I think there's a generation of people now in their twenties, perhaps once fans of Corbyn but no longer, who might once have aged and voted Toryx but no longer, who will never forgive either party for their Brexit stance
“Brexit Shampoo”
One of the reasons why brexit is such a mess is simply because most of 650 MP's held it to ransom in an attempt to get something for themselves. Neither the country, democracy nor the people mattered. Absolute proof that our political system is putrid.
Let me explain exactly why he's not prepared to talk to her. #gtto #Brexit #politics #smear #leader #news #NoConfidenceMotion
Brexit: France activates no-deal plan
When #Corbyn first appeared as a leadership candidate he appeared to be different - a caring man who would listen and promised "a new kind of politics". Rather different now, he is evasive and is helping the Tories secure #brexit whilst denying the escape clause. #PeoplesVote
Emily asked how Brexit will affect her, I had to draw a breath &amp; say I don’t know. The truth is of course all the progressive EU laws, financing, &amp; legislation put in place to protect her as a disabled person are at risk. I am fearful of the U.K. reneging to make life EVEN HARDER
France triggers €50m contingency plan in case of no-deal Brexit | World news | The Guardian
#FBPE understands that both the tories and labour are #brexit supporting parties and therefore will not be voted for #RevokeA50Now . Labour are enabling this evil fascist brexshambolic Tory govt
If there is brexit... We lose all of these things... And they have to be renegotiated. When corbyn state this it is claimed he personally is against having them. One, you ignored the point he isn't " King" and able to impose anything. Two, it's foolish interpretation anyway.
I liked a video The Brexit Pasta - {[Pasta alla Britannica]}
The version of Brexit that actually exists (not another version that theoretically could exist) is a radical right-wing project being driven by a combination of extremist free-market ideologues and anti-immigration xenophobes.
A deal should be made that delivers for all of the UK not just the people who voted Brexit. You lot are like spoiled brats shouting we won we won without no concern for the views of fellow citizens. We have to live with the consequences of withdrawel and we deserve a fair deal
True
It's more obvious than ever that Tories will push on with Brexit as they are scared of extreme right/Ukip and labour don't want to upset those in their constituents that voted heavily leave. Only 1 answer #DissolveTheUnion #indyref2
#Deal at the centre of the #Brexit debate
#BinBrexit #Remain don't #Leave #PeoplesVoteNow #RevokeArt50 #RevokeRemainRebuild
He should not be ruling this out without meeting May, nor should he be ‘negotiating’ in public. He should listen to his members and his constituents, both groups roughly 3 to 1 in favour of ‘remain’ and/or for a 2nd ref. Relying upon a Conference motion NOW is ludicrous.
Theresa May survives no-confidence motion. Brexit "Plan B" expected for Monday. #FX $USD $CAD $EUR $GBP $AUD $JPY
The best #Brexit related opinion piece I’ve read in a while.
Can’t believe Molly wrote Children of the Universe about Brexit before it even existed...her mind honestly
if it wasn’t for Blair, Brexit probably wouldn’t have been a thing.
I want to clarify for you - I don't care for the Labour Party, the Liberal Democrat party or the Conservative party. I care about the future of the United Kingdom. You protest austerity? Brexit will mean austerity on steroids.
We will never forget the contempt and disdain the majority of MP's have show us, continuously, since we voted to Leave the EU in 2016. At the next GE we will only vote for candidates that have kept faith with the people. #HouseofCommons #Brexit #StandUp4Brexit #StandUp4Democracy
Is No Deal Brexit good for Peterborough and Huntingdon? Most commentators think not. thinks it is. Can we find out why.
Lucinda Creighton to address Kildare Brexit business seminar
Ahh interesting, especially the emphasis of "obsession" and "HER Brexit". So you think an agreeable plan is possible, but needs a more moderate leader to reach? If she gets ousted, is there a candidate like that?
The Brexit dead are still dictating to the young who are alive!
Should I Buy A House? The Truth About Brexit And Property Prices
A planned debate on Theresa May's Brexit plan B has been delayed — and is now due to take place exactly two months before the UK is set to leave the EU
"the British political class has offered to the world an astounding spectacle of mendacious, intellectually limited hustlers"
I don't take his issue to be that he just hates referendums rather that he doesn't want to kill off brexit. My proposal wouldn't do that. It would still be entirely legitimate to argue for or against some new brexit plan.
The latest The KG Daily! Thanks to #paid #brexit
What makes it so much more despairing is that Brexit was 'won' by a criminal referendum. The knowledge that a crime was committed in order that a bunch of greedy spivs could sell out the country with no thought at all to the human cost. It shouldn't have happened &amp; it's gone
His own party are saying the exact same thing
Ignore the idiot, most of his policies caused Brexit...
If you were looking for a primer on how the UK got itself into its current Brexit status... this about sums it up perfectly.
BREXIT LINK ALERT: DEFCON 5. It’s stressful out there and we all have different views. The Gym is offering free day passes until Sunday 20 January, so try us out for free. Visit and enter promo code LETSFLEXIT.
Why isn’t Anna Turley out in #Redcar her constituency, demanding a second vote? Is it because she’s scared to face her constituents which she refused to see the other week when they demanded she backed brexit?
No investigations as to where this money comes from, and I assume no limit to how much you spend, yet Brexit voters were meant to be swayed by Russian bots and Aaron Banks?
#RollingStonesMention: "Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT
What’s left to say
The reason people voted for Brexit is to punish the establishment for many decades of shafting the public, lying to them, dragging them into unnecessary wars that created instability all over Europe, for the resources of destroyed nations to flow in their hands. Tell me I’m wrong
PM May, initially a Remainer, failed massively to get her soft Brexit UK-EU deal through Parliament. It was rejected by Hard Brexit Ethnic Nationalist Conservative MP’s &amp; Remainer MPs. The EU is not interested in changing the deal. Will May call for a referendum or an election?
Preparations for a no deal Brexit continue in earnest...
That (good) or no deal (horrible IMHO)
This is a great thread and it still doesn’t quite fully grasp the metaphorical self inflicted gun shot to the head that Brexit is.
Corbyn was happy to meet assorted terrorists from the IRA to "friends" from Hamas and Hezbollah to the despotic Islamist Iranian regime - no preconditions. But he won't meet with the PM to discuss Brexit unless No Deal is taken off the table. Not In Britain's National Interest.
Like #wise if #education #quality was #fertilize how much #10yearchallenge #Pakistan #Achieve my #charity #speech #HumanRightsDay #India #Indian2FocusingTomorrow #FreedomOfSpeech #freedom #PTI #HappyBirthdayJavedAkhtar #Dhoni #Brexit #AnkitaLokhande #Manikarnika #PakistanZindabad
#TonyBlair travels around #Europe selling snake oil. #Brexit #BrexitVote #BrexitDeal #BrexitShambles #EU
This is a great reminder of one of the many aspects of Brexit. In the EU27, we have of course a similar situation with UK citizens that are valuable members of our societies and private circles.
Are you switching off the interest of the public by your inability to take responsibility for your part in the BREXIT deadlock?
If you’re a Brexiteer and you’re about to get an almost non-Brexit, a new election is the only way to stop May. Bring down your own government in the hope Boris or similar takes over
Are they pro or anti Brexit Tobias?
And yet whom do people end up reading? Junk like this: Read this yesterday and wanted to cry. Fortunately, there is always the academic literature to fall back on. "When I find myself in trouble / comes to me."
My favourite bit about his mayorship was when he went to grenfell and got a bottle thrown at his head.
I blame EU citizens for this. Now can you see why Brexit is needed?
Brad Johnson - Brad Johnson on BREXIT related events Jan 16 2019 via
Oh shit, they’ve sent Diane Abbott for Question Time tonight. Like sticking Zola in nets for a penalty shootout. #brexit #questiontime
Woman at work who shags Theresa May shouting her mouth off about brexit “it if for to another vote I’ll fucking leave this country” so I said “do it hard man”
I’ve a Question if Remainers want a 2nd Referendum I’ll give it to them in one condition they sign there name to it and if they lose they Quit politics for good #Brexit
May can’t rule out No Deal , May can’t propose a 2nd Referendum, May can’t get her deal through parliament, she appears to have run out of options other than going for a No Deal Brexit
With friends like these...
Interesting.
Really for now i don't think China has any influence over Nigeria politically. The Chinese are more interested in construction "the Chinese way". The West are obviously distracted by Trump and Brexit, so African and Nigeria especially has to deal with its own issues for now.
If you’re a Physiotherapist in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a disaster for you. If you live in the South East of England then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this crisis! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Thread. For my money, a nice distillation of the perfect storm that led to the current Brexit impasse.
Brexit is mental illness
Support for Remain highest since referendum. Can and the Leader of the Opposition read the Runes I wonder?
A sane view from outside the Westminster bubble...
That's right, she has no future beyond Brexit. We've got a Kamikaze Pilot at the helm. … #brexit #brexitshambles #Brexiteers #ukip #StopBrexit #leave #FBPE #DespiteBrexit #cleanbrexit #BrexitBritain #EU
Who knew the speaker could be so hilarious... Can picture him practicing in front of his mirror.
And point 2. is my biggest bugbear: we do not have the luxury of being wilfully ignorant. And by we, I really mean YOU. Please actively seek to learn the facts. Start here: ‘3 Blokes in a Pub Talk NO DEAL Brexit’:
Yes. We were lied to. Our government is a joke.
I’m a remainer and don’t want to leave at all. However the majority wanted brexit and the majority of those want a no deal brexit so how can it be taken off the table. Politicians should be working together to come up with an alternative to a no deal brexit.
Brexit has shaken some of the most vile people out the woodwork.
Nah, the biggest cost imposed on wine imports is the UK duty.
What is the story behind Devil&amp;#8217;s bridge? #uk #government #survives #-confidence #vote #historic #brexit #defeat
Wow, The once power Great Britain. Now being punked by a non elected official. How far you have fallen. What happened to your balls?
What countries have the highest people not interested in politics? #uk #government #survives #-confidence #vote #historic #brexit #defeat
What country has the most Miss World winners: India or Venezuela? #uk #government #survives #-confidence #vote #historic #brexit #defeat
What are the popular places to visit in London? #uk #government #survives #-confidence #vote #historic #brexit #defeat
What are the countries with the highest external debt? #uk #government #survives #-confidence #vote #historic #brexit #defeat
How Big is England in comparison to Belgium? #uk #government #survives #-confidence #vote #historic #brexit #defeat
How Big is England as compared to Croatia? #uk #government #survives #-confidence #vote #historic #brexit #defeat
If true, just more sad proof teachers are brainwashing children. Min voting age needs to increase to 35 whilst we deal with this.
Which Country Has the Most Nobel Laureates in Literature? #uk #government #survives #-confidence #vote #historic #brexit #defeat
What are the Ten Best Police Forces in the World? #uk #government #survives #-confidence #vote #historic #brexit #defeat
What are the Visa Requirements for British Tourists Around the World? #uk #government #survives #-confidence #vote #historic #brexit #defeat
Left or right, why is our drive not universal? #uk #government #survives #-confidence #vote #historic #brexit #defeat
What are the Nuclear Suppliers Group Member States? #uk #government #survives #-confidence #vote #historic #brexit #defeat
In the E. U. exists the believe that a hard Brexit will be impossed in Britain, we are watching the scene; I have no more to say.
What are the types of Monarchies around the World? #uk #government #survives #-confidence #vote #historic #brexit #defeat
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process via
What will happen to EU citizens in the UK after Brexit? #uk #government #survives #-confidence #vote #historic #brexit #defeat
What is Article 50 of the Treaty of Lisbon? #uk #government #survives #-confidence #vote #historic #brexit #defeat
When did Wales become part of the United Kingdom? #uk #government #survives #-confidence #vote #historic #brexit #defeat
"UK in deadlock over Brexit 'Plan B' as May and Corbyn double down" - #Brexit
What was the Destroyer for Bases Agreement? #uk #government #survives #-confidence #vote #historic #brexit #defeat
How did London get its name? #uk #government #survives #-confidence #vote #historic #brexit #defeat
Is Canada part of the United Kingdom? #uk #government #survives #-confidence #vote #historic #brexit #defeat
I do find it surprising that LibDems with their Remain stance didn't do better in the last GE. I guess Remain voters thought Labour would be more 'soft' Brexit but that's naive as Corbyn always hated EU.
Is Canada A Monarchy? #uk #government #survives #-confidence #vote #historic #brexit #defeat
A planned debate on Theresa May's Brexit plan B has been delayed — and is now due to take place exactly two months before the UK is set to leave the EU
No deal is the default unless you accept a deal at any cost.
#May will stick to #Brexit 'principles' in cross-party talks, says No 10
France activates plan for no-deal Brexit: PM
Corbyn has calculated he can just sit back in the hope a #NoDeal #Brexit will be allowed to happen by default as long as nobody has the balls to call out the *immorality* of accepting a fraudulent referendum result - since it cannot be challenged in #law #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy
Get lost Traitors. We voted already.
There's nothing to say that they can't both be true. But- it wasn't inevitable that it had to turn out like this. There are many varieties of capitalism and of liberalism. (Just like there were many varieties and potential implementations of Marxism and yes, Brexit too.)
Brexit has to be recognisable as Brexit, no good softening it so much that we don't really leave!!
Nige, you are a raving nutcase. The country is totally divided, Brexit is a terrible idea &amp; all the evidence shows that either way we will be worse off under any type of Brexit. So why persist with this terrible farce? You are purely stoking the fire for the Far Right loons.
Yeah, let's talk about making rigid unions, less rigid
New post (Brexit: France activates no-deal plan) has been published on Buzzort -
Should I Buy A House? The Truth About Brexit And Property Prices via
No matter what this Brexit shambles brings, UK residents will rise to the challenges and create a Greater Britain unlike the architects of this mess. If only one good thing comes of this, it should be the Tory party is cosigned to the past. Never to darken this nation again
Diolch - still waiting on RTs from other political parties regarding "Brexit and the Future of British Politics". Maybe would be a better bet, but it's a bit of a trip from Scotland to Llanelli.
Sure, and the other 17.4M of us. But they are very afraid of a clean WTO Leave. The elite seem to believe (erroneously) that the U.K. will prevent the EU going bust (morally bankrupt already). This terrifies the globalist corporates and the elite - they frighten MPs. #Brexit
May will stick to Brexit 'principles' in cross-party talks, says No 10 Always good to look for a compromise without compromising
Let this be a lesson to everyone: has produced a text-book example of how to write a letter that says nothing new or constructive at all. #WritingJustForTheSakeOfIt
Hammond has deliberately undermined your position and not in private but publicly now you cannot faithfully run cabinet business with him undermining your office and gov policy. He must be sacked now
May will stick to Brexit 'principles' in cross-party talks, says No 10
FLASHBACK: And who got rich? How pollsters helped hedge funds beat the pound's Brexit crash via
Nothing. To. Do. With. BREXIT.
"Coins Pocket Histories". Every coin tells a story. Not just any story. The evolution of mankind is inextricably linked to trading with one another, and currency is at the core of this relationship. #brexit #coins #investments
In news other than Brexit, GCHQ sets up all-female cyber-training classes...
To me it's two sides both after the same bad Brexit deal. The EU has rejected Labour's plans. Lib Dems are playing the game of saying that whichever side breaks from current Brexit plans wins. Peoples vote or GTFO.
This is patently nonsense. May has clearly stated that she will not budge from her red lines. That is the start &amp; end of the discussion. She may be able to flatter other leaders by an invitation to No.10, &amp; to fool idiots via the media, but that's another matter. #Brexit
Why do remainers assume people who voted brexit read the sun/mirror etc. Like me saying all who voted stay are posh rich white kids
, I think you've fallen into the same trap that you've accused Jeremy Corbyn of - making party politics out of the Brexit crisis. Whether we're LibDem, Labour, Green, SNP or PC, we all have no confidence in the Government. We need our MPs to show that in the HoC.
France triggers €50M ‘hard ##Brexit’ contingency plan: France is to invest 50 million euros to… #Brexit #Politico
These asshole politicians need the noose, seriously they are such traitors and pawn of the NWO they need to be slaughtered
#lbc #brexit #EU #Europe #gmb #leave #goodmorningbritain #london #poland #polish with an estimated 3.5 million EU migrants in the UK a 2nd vote could be taken away from the Brits by EU colonisation.
Brexit is an instance of the Dining Philosophers’ problem. All the philosophers starved to death in the end.
Date set for MPs to vote on PM's Brexit plan B
Chaotic ##Brexit getting ‘dangerously close’: German business group: Germany’s BDI business… #Brexit #Politico
Mary Poppins hunts zombies in a post-Brexit apocalypse in kinda plausible 'Late Show' sketch
Poll: Support for staying in EU at highest level since referendum: Support among Brits for… #Brexit #Politico
Nothing to do with Brexit though!
One thing is for sure the UK will not get a true Brexit. Just a mess agreed on by bigoted politicians ! I left the country over eleven years ago to live in Switzerland because of autocratic UK politicians and EU dictates. Contempt for both lots ! No change !
Anyone who believes Brexit is wrong I suppose?
Brexit Is Chaos. The Movie About It Is Anything But.
Omfffg ! The queen will be furious ! Maybe she’ll use one of her offshore accounts to help out !
Thread
UK PM May survives confidence vote after Brexit humiliation
I am generally not in favour of a Brexit 'People's Vote', and if LibDem British nationalist Willie Rennie's strategy to persuade Scots to back it is anything to go by, any support for it has just plummeted.
Brexit: Rule out no-deal, Jeremy Corbyn tells Theresa May
UK in deadlock over Brexit 'Plan B' as May and Corbyn double down via
Corbyn Says Referendum an Option as He Snubs May: Brexit Update
This lays out the case against a second Brexit referendum excellently. Brexit is an omnishambles, and a new referendum won’t fix that.
&amp;#039;Brits will start a WAR!&amp;#039; Germans demand &amp;#039;crazy&amp;#039; Britain &amp;#039;PAY a lot&amp;#039; for Brexit vote, #news #rt ,
Theresa May survived but Brexit is still weighting on FTSE 100.mp4
Or we take back our country from the rabble that call themselves mps
Because it’s full time and 1-0. Absolutely no need for a replay never mind penalties #brexit #HardBrexit
Indeed. Eastern european agricultural workers in Ireland can finish a contract and walk over the border of a third country without hinderance. In fact anybody in Ireland can do this. Brexit is insane.
Thank God for brexit. It's showed us all what a bunch of no hopes all politions about looking after themselves.
UK in deadlock over Brexit 'Plan B' as May and Corbyn double down #topNews
UK in deadlock over Brexit ‘Plan B’ as May and Corbyn double down
Brexit: France activates no-deal plan #News Hunt
Can May still deliver on Brexit? | DW News
Sack Hammond
“All of these scenarios seem impossible, but one of these impossible things has to happen.” Zen master koan, or #Brexit outlook from London financier?
I second that . I agree with you on so many things but you are making it impossible for me to support Labour at the next election.
Hey , I really love your product, alas since I am residing in Germany I wonder what the post brexit plan is ( given I currently have a GB IBAN in Revolut)
EU ready to discuss new Brexit deal if UK changes 'red lines': EU chief negotiator Michel Barnier told Britain that the European Parliament was open to a different kind of Brexit deal, but only if London… #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachKavanaugh #TheResistance
Brexit: France activates no-deal plan
A customs union would be a sellout and would keep us tied to the EU. Paying into it for the privilege, not ending free movement and not striking trade deals outside the EU. That doesn’t sound like Brexit.
That'll help break the Brexit deadlock and sort out this mess that Parliament has created... a stongly-worded fucking letter. This man is a petulant moron.
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
In 2017, after 16 years in the UK, I went on holiday to Belgium and the Netherlands, where I had never been before, and I was surprised to find that I felt at home there. Then back to the UK I felt "abroad" again. Funny effects of Brexit.
Next GE I will support Labour come what may. But socialists should b aware of the risks ‘Remain’ poses to how transformative it can be. “It’s not plausible that either Brexit in name only or no exit at all can lead to radical reform of our broken system.”
Not worth spending time on these any more. Whatever the effect of EU citizens on UK infrastructure, and even if it's not more than paid for by their HMRC contributions, it's tiny compared to Brexit's damage.
Concern over China's economic outlook and possible U.S. tariffs on European cars dragged stocks lower on Thursday, while an anti-climactic end to the latest chapter in the Brexit saga offered sterling a moment's peace. "Banks turn global stocks red, pou…
Imagine Mh. Ndugai having it under control like this, I would personally watch Bunge everyday.
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
Is this the same poll were most members were satisfied with Labour's current position? Corbyn seeks to block a hard brexit and yet here we are again with #FBPE criticism? Utterly amazing. If anyone wants a game of poker I've got a game on Friday, cash only.
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
She's probably switched to brexit. She grew up.
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
I'd love to know where we could grow satsumas, bananas and tomatos all year round. Maybe you can sort brexit out
Could the customs union help Theresa May break Brexit deadlock? via
Both May and Corbyn have told whopping lies over Brexit, but only one of them trades on the premise of saint like "honesty'.
"That's Brexit" Spanish comedian Wyoming delivering 5 English language lessons doubling up as lessons on how to destroy your country... absolutely hilarious. In Spanish (and some very imaginative English)
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
Car insurance and Brexit. In event of no deal a green card will be necessary for journeys outside UK. The barriers are starting to build after years of freedom. Thank you ‘brexiters’ and this is only the start!!!!
Goodbye goodbye.... We are going say goodbye.... No £39B #NoDealBrexit #29thMar #WTO #EU
Farage thanks far right US international activist seeking disruption and war. Bannon introduced Cambridge Anylitica to Vote Leave which started the on line disemination of false information mcrotargeted towards certain Brexit voters.
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
#brexit Innovative thinking here! A semi-Brexit, with just England and Wales leaving the EU, is the solution | Kim Lane Scheppele
PROBLEM IS NOT BREXIT!!! IT'S MAY LACK OF LEADERSHIP AND SUBSTANCE AS A FAILED LEADER !!!
Green Party MP Caroline Lucas says the Prime Minister has refused to rule out the option of a no deal Brexit in a Cabinet Office meeting this morning.
{ #gove #cummings } * It seems following CH4's Brexit, and some back reading on Domininc Cummings (and with the spotlight now back on Gove) both in the overlap between libertarianism, neoliberalism &amp; Tory anarchism * This might or might not be useful * *
a 16th century Jesuit may hold the key to progressing Brexit - see
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
Martin Rowson: all aboard the no-deal Brexit express – cartoon
10 Say "Brexit Means Brexit" 20 Goto ten
They are ALL obliged to deliver Brexit....as the Act of Parliament states
Tory MP pledges second referendum amendment to May's #Brexit plan
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
1. Brexit is not in your interest. 2. It's a hostile act against your neighbors. 3. You want others to take responsibility for your actions.
I didn’t want it in the first place Regina. I voted to leave and look forward to Brexit running its course.
May's will end up getting enough votes for almost exactly the Brexit she's been trying to get all along. She might be the greatest politician of our age.
proper English lasses, wanting a proper England. No pink, blue hair marxist feminists standing naked shouting abuse about brexit affecting their vagina's in sight.
If you going for a soft brexit just stay in so we at least have a day on the rules. In our out. Not a half way house that will not please anyone as May has found out
Instead of gobbing off about it to your headnodders and happy clappers, get in the room with May and the others and tell them!! This is the absolute bottom rung of playground spats #CorbynOut #BrexitShambles #Gove #NewPoliticiansPlease
Brexit: France activates no-deal plan
Bring on Brexit! I want to go back to the old days when all I ever talked about was doing my revision for O Levels by candle fucking light!
No deal is what happens anyway if there is no deal. The way to prevent this is for the prime minister to write the letter than revokes #article50. That is what needs to happen now. Meanwhile Corbyn's support for #brexit is rock solid
The latest Jon's Tax and Small Business News! Thanks to #brexit #tax
Opinion | The Malign Incompetence of the British Ruling Class - The New York Times With Brexit, the chumocrats who drew borders from India to Ireland are getting a taste of their own medicine.
Historian: Queen Should Suspend Parliament to Stop Remain MPs from Blocking Brexit via
ANOTHER STITCH UP THEN?
The trouble is that as voters pick sides and gather around the polar ends of any debate — even when the debate is an unhelpful construct — the middle, where compromises and wise economic solutions are usually found, becomes an empty room.
Most accurate statement of the day: France's Europe minister, Nathalie Loiseau, told the BBC that France was preparing for a no-deal because "we had a Brexit by accident, and we could well have a no-deal by accident too".
The Speaker of the House of Commons John Bercow was really in his mettle during the Brexit debate. It was the first...
We need to ramp up the action, not roll it back, to create a #greeneruk for all. Here is a picture of what a #NoDealBrexit will mean.
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT
German Chancellor Angela Merkel says there's still time to negotiate after #Brexit deal voted down by British lawmakers
I think you under-estimate just how difficult that would be to do Chris. He won't get enough credit for it but if he even manages to restrict things to a relatively soft Brexit and gets into power he will have pulled off a political miracle. A hard Tory Brexit was odds on.
Question to the great and good intelligencia of the Twittersphere from a dumb #Brexit voter IF, for whatever convoluted reason, we've not left the Soviet by the time of EU elections, do we still get a vote for the Bruxelles Duma? Just asking
So now Noel Fielding has delivered a more coherent #Brexit plan than Jeremy Corbyn.
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
Are the European Commission really refusing to remove the "Backstop" from Theresa May`s Brexit Deal, at the risk of creating a £39bn Black Hole in their Budget?
Of course! All this Brexit shambles is Corbyn's fault. It's a monster created and nurtured by Tory arrogance and ineptitude.
NO! The time is to give it back to the people. You will not heal anybody with Brexit. Why can you not see this?
Listening to #TonyBlair this morning, it was obvious he thinks #Corbyn is a feckin' buffoon. Just wish he'd come out and say it! The reason we are in this #Brexit mess is because Corbyn was spectacularly useless at campaigning to remain in 2016.Future P.M.? Oh please feck off...
President Macron explains #Brexit
Maybe I was naive, but I've been surprised by the way both Brexit and Trump have highlighted how farcically incompetent "conservatives" are at their jobs. (It's not just planning and executing occupations of defeated nations.) Or maybe the May govt has done some things right?
Mays Deal was not Brexit it was remain under worse terms
This op-ed is SO SO SO SO SO SO GOOD. Rushing out to get his book.
So corbyn won’t attend the brexit deal meetings until they rule out no deal am I missing somthing here
The British Parliament has no idea what its doing with Brexit, but at least it has a funny speaker.
Government is incompetent: a rudderless ship going in circles. Let us have a #peoplesvote My guess is that many, many leavers now secretly wish to remain. They’ve realised that the nationalist fantasy of Brexit is hollow. We would be diminished in the world if it went ahead.
Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’ by STEVEN ERLANGER
Wonderful political children drawing up list of demands before they talk to each other. Feck the country whilst we squabble... what a political system &amp; representatives we have.
Brexit dividend for all to enjoy
Dear Jeremy the starting point for talking about Brexit is not a no deal, it is TALKING ! It is good to talk! #brexit #jeremycorbyn
#May survives vote, but #UK remains in #Brexit deadlock
Sweetheart, you're no use to anyone. Your refusal to accept a no-deal Brexit as a possibility makes anything you have to say on the matter utterly worthless. You have behaved like a toddler over this and you have ended your political credibility.
True
Just think, all this #Brexit nonsense wouldn’t have happened if Ed Miliband hadn’t fucked up eating that bacon butty
Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’ by STEVEN ERLANGER
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" via NYT The New York Times
It doesn’t matter what way you voted in that damned referendum - this is categorically not a normal thing for a peacetime developed nation to do. We face no natural disasters, no conflict. This is merely the result of a poorly informed (on all sides) throwaway political choice.
Because the other options on offer are BRINO, not Brexit..
#Brexit #Whatnext? #Infographic Click on:
Remainer Chancellor Tells Big Business MPs Will Stop Clean Brexit in Leaked Call
Boom.
Within and beyond the Labour whip, there are members of both House of Parliament who could indeed give voice to our position. They need to organise in order to do so. #Brexit #Lexit
You noticed there’s this thing called Brexit right? As long as the US isn’t invading Iran or Iran isn’t breaking out (&amp; the European fear is that it will if the US bombs Iran), then Europe is good. Not sure why anyone thinks Iran should climb the agenda otherwise.
The people have already elected an assembly of 650 members - the house of commons. Rather than labour constantly kicking the can down the road and doing anything possible to avoid taking any form of position on #Brexit, get on with it!
Not in any way defending Corbyn, to be honest, just want them all to concentrate on Brexit &amp; stop the bullshit. Why did all this come up ? We all know, but it’s nothing to do with the problem at hand . It’s exasperating.
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
What "shit show" would that be?....the current debate on Brexit? That's called robust parliamentary debate. If it is a "shit show" , that's because Remainers have refused to accept the result of the largest democratic vote in UK history.
Statements re Government’s Brexit Preparedness have begun in the #Dáil watch proceedings live here
Brexit: Last Week Tonight with John Oliver (HBO) via
Herein lies the problem: TM’s “put aside self interest” does not even extend to being prepared to inconvenience the right wing minority of the Tory party. Brexit is now, and always has been, and issue of Conservative party disunity and not one of national disunity.
Can someone explain brexit to me... if there was no deal bc British lawmakers rejected the deal why can’t Britain just stay in the EU? Isn’t that what rejecting the deal means, that they don’t want brexit and want to stay in the EU?
That about sums it up. Your Brexit primer.
Latest poll :52% SNP/Scotgreens, but 46%BREXIT&amp;ENGLAND forever Tor/Lab/Lib
UK HoC Leader Leadsom: Statement And Motion On Gvt Next Brexit Will Be Put Forward On Jan 21 - RTRS #forex #Brexit
#Brexit Why No-Deal HAS to remain an option: You go into a pawn shop to sell an item. You know it's worth £100 in resale terms, so you are aiming for £40-60 for it. The pawn shop guy finds out you will not leave without a deal. He offers you £15 and won't budge.
May will stick to Brexit 'principles' in cross-party talks, says No 10 So the point of the talks is...?
Did he start screaming for Brexit too??
Yeah but we can't talk about more than one thing at a time William. Right now there are homeless people, and anyone talking about Brexit when it's so far in the distance and will have zero impact on working people obviously hates the poor and loves millionaires like James Dyson.
I know mate a soft brexit is the shittest of the shit! If those fuckers end up allowing no deal to be taken off the table I’m gonna be at my first fuckin March that I’ve ever been to,I swear that. Don’t do marches mate they don’t solve anything,but I’m gonna be present for that
Tony Blair: Theresa May’s Brexit deal isn’t a deal. It’s a political contrivance
Brexit is broken: A Broken Process. From The Beginning. Lets kill it.
Even Jeremy Corbyn will only go so far.
I asked one a while ago to name a single verifiable thing that Brexit will produce. A genuine question. So far silence. In the meantime... Although he will probably dismiss this with wilful ignorance.
She is absolutely right to take this position. A referendum may be the end result but isn't yet. What would the "leave" option be? It can't be May's deal (already rejected) nor hard Brexit!
I know the world has bigger problems than #brexit but this article is another reason why I keep my subscription to the The British ruling class has not learned a lesson, the same can be said of many countries - including the US
he has a point. . .!
"Former news chief says BBC One should have switched to PM as Brexit is more important than a third-round FA Cup replay" But hugely less exciting, interesting, or worthwhile.
No....They’re both extreme &amp; I’m sure, highly unusual examples you have given..But you want to magnify it You do realise the people voted for Brexit and were advised against it by the government? Not that it makes any difference to the left wing infecting the education system.
Are the European Commission really refusing to remove the "Backstop" from Theresa May`s Brexit Deal, at the risk of creating a £39bn Black Hole in their Budget?
Thanks Tony for link,had a go at understand of who was linked to what etc,but at the end of day it was an artical,in a paper,not convinced!
Idiot. He is demanding that no deal brexit is off the table. He wants a GE that will need extending a50 in all likelihood. How can s this running down the clock?
The Malign Incompetence of the British Ruling Class
A cacophonous variety of languages in #Airport departures 'lounge'. Post #Brexit all will be required to wear national peasant dress as per 1930s films #TheLadyVanishes #SherlockHolmes #Dracula
Are the European Commission really refusing to remove the "Backstop" from Theresa May`s Brexit Deal, at the risk of creating a £39bn Black Hole in their Budget?
Why can't we campaign for both? Won't stopping brexit, via a #PeoplesVote make an investigation more likely?
We have volcanoes. But no Brexit. Haha fuck
UK adding additional refrigerated storage for pharmaceuticals in prep. for a hard #Brexit
That David Cameron decided to allow for the Brexit referendum while getting pizza at O'Hare is one of the more wonderfully ridiculous details from recent years.
#Brexaster (Meaning: Similar to Disaster, but involving #Brexit - and times Disaster by 20 and throw in = #Brexaster)
Electoral Commission ready for referendum
Second Scottish independence referendum now certain and soon. Yes, Scotland is a European nation, always has been and is open to all similar, you'll find home no matter where you happened to be born, we are not those people of Brexit superiority, we...
man the brexit shit is the most direct that way, they literally want to self immolate so that then they can become a phoenix.
Date set for MPs to vote on PM's Brexit plan B
Brexit's campaign lender, announced the National Crime Agency for alleged violations in the 2016 EU referendum. #Brexit #BrexitVote #brexitdebate #BrexitDeal #Crimeagency #eu #Europeanunion #AaronBank #UKIPFinancier
Brexit's campaign lender, announced the National Crime Agency for alleged violations in the 2016 EU referendum. #Brexit #BrexitVote #brexitdebate #BrexitDeal #Crimeagency #eu #Europeanunion #AaronBank #UKIPFinancier
Today in the world: "Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
Brexit's campaign lender, announced the National Crime Agency for alleged violations in the 2016 EU referendum. #Brexit #BrexitVote #brexitdebate #BrexitDeal #Crimeagency #eu #Europeanunion #AaronBank #UKIPFinancier
I wish Brexit *was* history. :) Will you cover the Russian interference? Talk to Carole Cadwalladr?
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
She is indestructible. She is the cockroach in nuclear winter. She is the algae that survives on sulphuric gas from sub-aquatic volcanoes, seven miles beneath the daylight. She is the Nokia 5210.
How does this sound?
Brexit vs facts (via the amazing )
Rathlin kelp business owner looks south as Brexit fears mount via
“Downing Street has again insisted the prime minister is determined to stick to her Brexit “principles”, including rejecting a customs union and a second referendum”
Nothing like telling your enemy your battle plans before battle ! #nodeal #treason #herewegowto
Iconic songs to listen to during times of political turmoil #Brexit
A semi-Brexit, with just England and Wales leaving the EU, is the solution | Kim Lane Scheppele
Typical anti Brexit bias from Chanel 4. The EU Junta vastly outspend Nigel Farage,with OUR money. Desperate line of questioning.
Thankfully Brexit is so simple and won’t take anywhere near that amount of time.
If MPs who want a harder than softer Brexit deal (not no deal), wanted to vote for one that was negotiable, they had a chance (with some opposition votes). From here, they face a choice of basically this WA/no deal. If can't support it, obvs rational to try cross-party soften.
It's a question of sequence. Brexit is a symptom of EU dysfunction.
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
We all know the real reason for ’s loathsome &amp; counter-productive hostility towards while supposedly asking her to support a vote she already supported. It’s embarrassment over Labour’s evil pro-Brexit stance, mixed with being a terrible human being.
this is great
To add my voice to it - yes, Mr. Starmer - unless you (MPs) either unilaterally revoke A50 to remain in the EU, or get the EU to agree to extend A50 timescale, as things stand, UK *is* out of EU, deal or no-deal, in March. Then the UK is this: stuffed.
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT
Just wondering? Also may I ask why did you feel the need to ask that of me? When there was no mention of Brexit in my tweet? My tweet was in relation to the government paying the DUP £billions of taxpayers money for votes.
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
Yes, let them help decide between Theresa May’s (possibly modified) deal &amp; a no-deal Brexit, in a simple two-choice people’s vote!
Corbyn May save Brexit! He speaks with a forked tongue as wants No Deal: he believes Project Fear 2 will allow a Marxist PM to rise from the ashes. So he is resisting the Commons compromise deal and a Referendum.
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
#AndySerkis does #TheresaMay as Gollum singing a Brexit-themed Bohemian Rhapsody and it's weird and very...
Voters just want MPs to hurry up with Brexit and stop squabbling
They can remove no deal by agreeing to put the divorce deal to a public vote against revocation of A50. Wouldn't seek to determine the Brexit debate once and for all, would just decide the future of this proposal.
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
.#LisaNandy and #StellaCreasy say we need a citizens’ assembly (i.e. a focus group to replace popular vote &amp; MPs) - a whiff of #fearofthemasses at work
I'm not a fan of the #indyref2 but there's a huge difference between it and #PeoplesVote. During #indyref Scotland decided to stay in the UK and it was implemented, unlike #Brexit. #ThursdayThoughts
As you are well aware your stance is not a starting point for discussions but instead a way of preventing them from taking place, the only question is why? Are your political ambitions overriding your desire to get this issue resolved. Please explain. #Brexit
They genuinely seem confused by being increasingly considered extremists and zealots. Even when I try to engage them on details of soft Brexit like #CommonMarket2 they prefer to shriek abusive or ill informed insults rather than engage in open, rational debate
BUT this does not translate into a majority for any deal. To get that, she would need to appeal to the large number of MPs who'd favour a softer brexit (or 2nd vote). As soon as she moves in that direction in any meaningful way, the DUP and ERG become less reliable 3/6
‘Brits will start a WAR!’ Germans demand ‘crazy’ Britain ‘PAY a lot’ for Brexit vote
BREXIT: UK Parliament Rejects Withdrawal Agreement [UPDATED] #globalmobility #immigration #brexit #uk #eu #withdrawalagreement
Appalling comments from Guardian columnist. This is ageism in the extreme and shouldn’t be tolerated by anyone in modern society regardless of your views on Brexit.
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
Are the European Commission really refusing to remove the "Backstop" from Theresa May`s Brexit Deal, at the risk of creating a £39bn Black Hole in their Budget?
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
Ok. Here's my take on it. Labour believes that, electorally, there is no good outcome to Brexit. The three outcomes are:Remain - anyone responsible for this is going to be castigated for ignoring democracy and anything bad (real or imagined) the EU comes up with for the next tbc
Taking the possibility of a no deal away plays into the EUs hands, they must have a threat or they will not negotiate further - you are so unprofessional!
Anyone else think if Brexit is stopped it’s not going to come from TM/JC but one of the many of the great and the good pulling a procedural surprise out the hat with a nod through from the Speaker?
What is the point of these conversations if there is no flex in the PM's position? "The red lines remain."
We have the Brexit mess because of 1) columists and 2) frauds.
May refuses to budge on no deal Brexit as army is called up
I will be so glad when #Brexit is over and my life can return to some sort of normality. If Brexit fails it will continue much as before. If Brexit succeeds than it will continue, but in a restricted, diminished &amp; impoverished version.
The whole brexit debacle across the water is somebody else's fault. You do what you want to do. Leave whatever way you want. Stay if you want but give my head peace
France activates no-deal Brexit plan
Great, a real Brexit dividend. Our offer is persuading more folk to write to their MP's in support of . Every day that passes edges us closer to the 'final' choice... #NoDealBrexit or Choose the right thing, as well as an Apollo pizza.
Remainiac morons at the Telegraph are promoting this inane tweet, pushing the idea that a no-deal deal would ‘affect’ the UK worse than May’s ‘permanent orbit’.
Against the background of increasing #volatility due to #Brexit voting, we observed a false breakdown of the lower boundary of the ascending channel. #GBPUSD is currently trying to print a fresh high above 1.2900. Learn more about that on #tradingview
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
The Brexit debacle, the US trade war w/ China, the US military withdrawal from Syria, &amp; the US warming of relations w/ N. Korea all have one massive thing in common: all are massive boons to Russia, who's also now exporting enough energy to Germany to create significant leverage.
No deal is the default position unless something changes. The only way to 'take it off the table' is to extend/revoke Article 50. If Labour want her to do that then they should say so, but they are too afraid to do it for fear of seeming anti-Brexit. Ditto May.
Are you planning on driving in Europe after 29th March? Drivers are being urged to prepare for a no-deal Brexit before they hit the road. Find out more
Everyone at the House of Commons get together and on paper write down exactly what they want for Plan B Brexit on paper with everyone's input and take that to the EU asap.
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
Aren't the DUP doing a great &amp; with such influence &amp; just because you don't like it you call them sectarian which they are not. They won the seats in a democratic general election when we voted for them. #Brexit
Lone British SAS man rushes into Brussels Hotel to save Brexit.
Support for cancelling Brexit SOARS in wake of Theresa May's defeat
Sometimes, forget his clumsy attitude &amp; bribes from ...for his #Brexit. He is acting in the #HouseofCommons bcoz no U-turn.
Mary Poppins hunts zombies in a post-Brexit apocalypse in kinda plausible 'Late Show' sketch
What utter tosh...
Thanks Nick Cohen... “Corbyn is a disaster socialist. He won't offer a workable solution because he wants Brexit to create as much damage as possible so the masses will turn to the far left, and he can blame any problems his government faces on the Tories.”
Kurten grills Khan on his gloomy Brexit forecasts: via
PM #TheresaMays Brexit deal has been rejected by 230 votes - the largest defeat for a sitting government in history.
French Prime Minister Edouard Philippe has said a no-deal Brexit looks "less and less unlikely" and has launched a contingency plan to prepare for it.
Calls for Theresa May to sack chief whip Julian Smith as the one to blame for historic Brexit deal defeat in the Commons
And you wonder why you are not Prime Minister LOL. Best if you go and have a cup of tea little man and let the big boys and girls sort out Brexit. Off you trot little man
Pathetic. “Let’s do whatever our colonial masters are doing” says Peter. I thought this fella was against spongers?
Labour's Jeremy Corbyn says he will only hold #Brexit talks with Theresa May if she doesn't ask him what he wants
OAPEN Library - Brexit and Beyond – Rethinking the Futures of Europe
Why isn't Labour running on "Brexit is bad and we shouldn't do it"? I don't get it. Okay, I do. Corbyn is an idiot, in addition to being a communist and an anti-Semite.
wullie, wullie, wullie, You are stuck in a groove of your own making. A no trick pony with nothing to say that is consistent or coherent, All for another vote on brexit and hypocritically blinkered by whatever lodge oath blinds you to the dignity of Scottish Independence.
Rational thinking is saving antibiotics – it could work on Brexit too by EthioSun
Spectator's Katy Balls said the same yesterday on BBC Radio. The Tory Party will implode, or even explode, over Brexit. May must really think, 'après moi, le déluge'.
"In a grotesque irony, borders imposed in 1921 on Ireland, England’s first colony, have proved to be the biggest stumbling block for the English Brexiteers chasing imperial virility." Pankaj Mishra on #Brexit in
It’s a really fucked up situation. I’m afraid it will end in a no deal Brexit. I really hope it won’t, but with all the incompetence and delusions in British politics, it’s currently the most likely outcome.
creating the best lead #generating #sign up #form #landing pages.get your #landing page done by me.i am Always ready to work with new challenges.. see my offers:
No Deal ........this is our chance to be rid of the millstone !
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
Hello. Feck brexit.
Thank &amp; for publishing and for editing my Op-Ed on the latest twists and truns in the #Brexit saga. #NoConfidenceVote #MeaningfulVote #UKParliament #HardBrexit #NoBrexit second #Referendum
Carney lives used the term "The kindness of Strangers" today the effect of May's &amp; her cronies Brexit lies &amp; deceit on that kindness is clear with Hitachi pulling out of the Wylfa nuclear project for unlike May the Japanese are intensely loyal honest people &amp; don't being deceived
One of the observations of Islamicate history is that its intellectuals focused their energies on the law to the point of neglecting politics, even while the political systems that incubated their legal systems fell apart.
Swans vs Cardiff summed up by their managers responses to Brexit. Cardiff’s Warnock,‘I can’t wait to get out of it, if I’m honest. I think we’ll be far better out of the bloody thing. In every aspect...To hell with the rest of the world’. [1/3]
Pull up a seat and share a lovely cuppa. All will be resolved shortly. They political class have totally been caught off guard here. We will dislike them forever, only as Brits do! A lot of the UK's MPs need to hang there heads in shame. Leave was the vote! #Brexit
And Corbyn wants to take this, our strongest negotiating card, off the table - I have no words....
LOL Corbyn is thinking about holding his party together - just like May is! His Brexit position makes NO SENSE
#TheresaMay's utterly Blairite speech yesterday contained nothing of her more Milibandian agenda. Labour MPs seeking to work with her on #Brexit need to insist on the reinstatement of these priorities, and on acceptable legislation to give effect to them.
Last night wasn't about supporting May or her hobbling government, it was all about bigging-up themselves - Mr Dodds' said as much in the Commons. But, in the bigger picture, their votes' don't really matter now, as anti/soft-Brexit Tories showed last week. #FBPE #RevokeArticle50
The will of the people.
#Brexit defined
I was born in the 60s I just see corbyn rehashing old failed Keynesian economics that made U.K. the sick man of Europe and that’s why we joined the EU in the 70s!Not remotely progressive and no money for them with brexit!
Brexit
When you know what your priorities are... Football vs Brexit, Football wins here.
Brilliantly put, and strikes me as being right on the money.
There'll Always Be An England (Brussels Permitting) #SteynOnTheOakleyShow #Brexit
MPs voting down Theresa May’s Brexit deal in Parliament (2019, colourised)
7.3 million is A LOT of people. I fact, it's only just over 10 million less people than voted to leave the EU in the largest democratic vote the UK has ever seen #Brexit
Dutch Newspaper... ...no comment needed. #brexit #peoplesvote
Indeed.
But the Tories aren't offering a referendum. Barnier has also said A50 can be extended if May removes her red lines. Why won't she?
Bosses at the port of Dover declare they’re ‘prepared’ to keep wheels rolling after a No Deal Brexit
Michael Healy Rae doing for meat-eating what Boris Johnson did for Brexit right now on . Bravo #ClimateChangeIsReal #liveline
Great synopsis. The best of economic history is personified in . Also, if any other French Alps villages are in need of municipal council economists, I'm available!
#TonyBlair like us, is a sinner. He made 'one' huge mistake for which the Father, through the sufferings of Jesus &amp; His holy Sacraments, forgives him. He protected the weak &amp; helpless in the #UK. Once internal matters are resolved, if ever, #BRexit has no relevance. Wisdom
you cannot negotiate with these people. They just want their way
All the Tory Brexit lies are coming back to haunt them. By
VIDEO: Prime Minister Theresa May must "ditch the red lines" on Brexit after the defeat of the plan she had agreed with the EU, opposition Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn says
What a brilliant negotiator she is! (Not)
Feeling inspired with these iconic political tunes #ThursdayMotivation #Brexit
British Prime Minister Theresa May says she has started meeting leaders of opposition parties about Brexit and called for politicians to "put self-interest aside" and find a consensus on Britain's path out of the European Union:
You got money riding on the outcome of this Brexit-thing, Jakie?
Best start straight away then, not a minute to lose. #stopbrexit
Govt should have done this in the first place. BREXIT should NOT have been political--it effects all parties --all citizens so should have cross party talks at the outset!!!!
Can we just put Brexit down to some shit banter and keep it moving
FYI: 17 January Weekly podcast: US government websites, Liberia DDoS attacker and no-deal Brexit #ITgovernance
They won't understand it until they're annihilated at the next General Election. By then they will have done untold damage, but hopefully there will be a credible party in existence that will rescue this country from the cesspit that is the EU. #torylabourtooblivion
Tell MPs: work cross-party to fix Brexit. Add your name now via
May has handed a massive package of consessions to Brussels. The list from Fishing to crap loads more. Any deal that she agrees triggers us paying for nothing, surrendering more and makes Sovereignty a pretence, the UK a nation of Beggers - Never Brexit!
'Brits will start a WAR!' Germans demand 'crazy' Britain 'PAY a lot' for Brexit vote
Calling all decent Parliamentarians! Remind Theresa May (who is behaving like a dictator) that her BREXIT deal has been defeated, crushingly. Remind her that she must respect Parliamentary democracy and that she must accept BREXIT is dead. #RevokeA50 #peoplesvote #REMAIN
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
But the problem with that argument is that there are clearly *several* different types of Brexit which everyone who voted Leave know that they voted for Hard Brexiters are pushing for No Deal without a mandate from the public The public need to be consulted again to avoid crash
Historic Commons Defeat Brexit As Theresa May's Deal is Voted Down
All this Brexit bollocks started when they cancelled Eurotrash.
#InfoGov News: Brexit: UK government survives no-confidence vote -
The #Brexit vote has the potential to reshape numerous U.K industries, including #Fintech. Check out the piece below to learn more about the impending changes surrounding the legislation.
I've heard a lot of young folk lately arguing passionately for Brexit. Most 70+ people I know are rabid remainers. The premise is false.
Nicola to be ‘quizzed’ on lack of stroke treatment. Good luck with that when her head is nipping covering up meetings with Salmond and civil servants while ranting about Thatcher, Toaries, Brexit and matters which are no concern of hers.
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
That's called democracy let them vote no its their re choice. No point in being feart unless your a secret brexiteer that would have brexit over indyref2 seen to be the opinion of a few dodgy yes Labour groups very odd aye #UseTheMandate
“It’s not plausible that either Brexit in name only or no exit at all can lead to radical reform of our broken system.” Only a rupture with the EU will alter the failed status quo | Larry Elliott
is one of the companies who will be funding the “settled-status” application fee for non-British EU employees in the UK following #Brexit. It is the people that make Fuller’s, and we want everyone to feel welcome at this family business! #recruitment #Hospitality
A lot of the people so vehemently in favour of Brexit don't bother to leave the country more than once a decade and don't see why anyone else should either
It was my honor and pleasure to speak at #myWHU #Brexit
Still no ticket info for Gazette EU leg. I need something positive to counter all the Brexit wankery.
Thread...
Tell hi. He can be taken off his seat
On January 22nd, join the public lecture 'EFTA and the EEA for Brexit: ideal solution, “lifeboat" or neither?' with Dr Georges Baur. Free to attend, please sign up:
We need #CitizensAssemblies, but in the plural, and as part of a set of measures to deepen democracy - not as an alternative to voting. The difficult formulation here is "the country". UK is a disunited kingdom in need of major political reform and constitutional surgery. 1/2
No JC. You should meet and say it face to face. Refusing to meet just allows her to deflect. Or is that what you want. To run down the clock so you get the Brexit you’ve always wanted?
"The paradox of identity is to belong more to places once you have left them." 's 'Love Letter to Europe' is one of the best things I've read during this Brexit hailstorm.
There are so many people like or (to pick just two) with huge, authoritative expertise on Brexit. And yet 95% of what we hear on discussion programmes comes from politicians &amp; journalists with neither. The politicians have to on but why the journalists?
Wealthy Europeans Call In the Movers as Brexit Cliff Edge Looms - Bloomberg
Mike Gapes looks like a fat cat gammon man with an affinity for illegal wars. #DeselectGapes
Straight out the EU propaganda playbook! Disgusting. These sad EU-diehards really are absolute scum! #brexit #Remainers #JunckersArmy
Your Daily Dose of Financial News #Huawei #Brexit #PMMay #Ghosn #Renault #BNYMellon #ADR #Amazon #Palantir #GoldmanSachs #1MDB #Fiserv #FirstDataCorp #SliceJoint #blawg
#Muslim #Brexit #AFD #London Qur'an: What was created first? Allah can quite recall
Rail passengers could face passport checks under no-deal Brexit
Scotland, listen to the part about "compensation".Nigel Lawson admitted it was Scottish Oil Revenues that allowed the Run down of the industries Minford refers to in the first part of his answer
Let's focus on facts for the time being eh? As for hoping it's inevitable - why? You've no idea what the questions would be and it could easily lead irrevocably to a hard Brexit. Plus there's not enough support in parliament - 175/650 is a tad low don'cha think?
I bet she wasn’t voted in by 54%
TB wasn't so hot on detail when it came to imposing his war in Iraq on the people of this country. One which has killed thousands and caused chaos and danger around the world. He behaved like the dictator he is shown by his intent to subvert democracy #radio4today #brexit
The Notorious ERG: the funniest boyband names for Brexiteers' 'album photo': Follow our live blog for all the latest Brexit updates
The most definitively catastrophic former PM of this country, who did 'enormous' &amp; "profound damage" to this tiny Island for time immemorial, was unquestionably Tony Blair !! #SitDownAndShutUp
Theresa May's government has survived (for now). But the Brexit crisis remains
Relatable
British PM May's Government Wins No Confidence Vote #Brexit #NoConfidenceVote
She doesn’t want any compromises to be in their direction. She wants to water down Brexit not strengthen it.
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
Time for #PlanB #Brexit
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
BTW No Deal Brexit refers to what we get by default if 1) We don't want May's deal; 2) Can't agree a plan that EU27 agree is a legitimate reason to delay A50; 3) Don't Revoke A50
The giver-uppers mantra, usually from the I’m-Alright-Jacks-And-Brexit-Won’t-Affect-Me brigade
The whole government shut down and brexit... Kacau
#Opinion: The Malign Incompetence of the #British #Ruling Class.
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
INSUFFICIENT BUTTERCREAM. #Brexit
Clearly, you don't live in reality because that's not what's on offer with Labour. Own it, you buy into all the neoliberal bullshit that has taken over remain. It's not about stopping Brexit, it's about shitting on progressives.
Brexit thread - I cant say I understood all of it but the gist will get you there, I promise.
I was saying this to someone earlier. He spoke to these people in the past because opening dialogue is the starting point and his thing. But not with the PM, apparently. #BrexitShambles #Brexit
Do I have this right? A peoples vote on Brexit has been ruled out by May so is not happening. Yet thanks to her pals in DUP, there is no chance of forcing a GE. So there appears no way to pressure her to compromise. So will she just bring back the same plan in 2 weeks?
I knew what I was voting for the first time, you worthless shit
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
You rejected the EU deal on Monday. Because you whipped your MPs to vote for #Article50 and the EU Withdrawal Bill, a “disastrous” No Deal Brexit is happening. Thanks to you.
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
Deep impact
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
Excellent round up by my colleagues on UK Citizens rights in Europe!
Tony Blair want us to #Remain in the #EU Politicians want us to remain. Media wants us to remain. All, of whom are positively forcing their agenda as hard as they can. Sorry, but if that doesn't start your warning bells off, there is absolutely no hope for you. #Brexit #Leave
Beleaguered British PM Theresa May has appealed to Opposition leaders to “put self-interest aside” and work with her to secure a new Brexit deal after she narrowly survived a no-confidence vote
The Desperation of Blair... the fool I thought he wanted a 2nd vote, whoops what he meant was if you won.t vote for my ideals vote libdem or Tory instead because they are closer to me than Labour ever has been... #thefoolblair
Philip Hammond tells business no-deal Brexit will be stopped
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
At the end of a #Brexit debate in Govt Minister Lord Young congratulated Peers for debating issues "calmly and constructively in contrast to the excitable atmosphere" in . Excitable. That's one way of describing this week.
Well said! At least someone in that party with a brain.
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
Don't back a half-Brexit, it is literally giving away concessions in return for a loss of privileges. I understand electorally you don't want to alienate the Northern working class who are generally pro-Brexit but maybe you should tell them what a con the leave campaign is....
Like you try 5 times to boot her out. UK, you talk a lot but show no action.
Here's some post-colonial schadenfreude (cant' say the toffs don't deserve it):
Theresa May has one last throw of the Brexit dice vía
The last time had meeting with Theresa May, they agreed timetable for vote on her Brexit deal of Dec 11th She renegaded on agreement wasting a month Why should he now believe what she says, not ask for No Deal off the table without which talks have no purpose?
#Hastings #Brexit Anyone Else Waiting To Wake up From This Nightmare? #Brexiteers
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
you sir are a arse and total hypocrite 2nd #brexit referendum is fine but not #IndyRef2 piss off what a rocket
Stopped watching the since Brexit. It’s LBC during the day and ITN for news in the evening. I’m sure I’m not alone.
Watch Theresa May's most repeated phrases from her Brexit speeches
Treasury yields fall amid worries over China's economy, Brexit uncertainty U.S. government debt prices rose on Thursday amid worries over China's economy and Brexit uncertainty,
#brexit #blandly ancient history of the Britons #history Bede's Ecclesiastical History of England (Annotated) by Venerable Bede via
Tony Blair joins condemnation of Corbyn for REFUSING to hold Brexit talks | Daily Mail Online Best argument I've heard for getting on with Brexit as soon as possible. Who would ever trust this man? #brexitdebate #BrexitVote #TheresaMay #Conservatives
Tory MP pledges second referendum amendment to May's Brexit plan ...but will Labour support it?
Yes, I am one of the members who are hugely frustrated by the lack of alignment between our desire to remain in the EU, wanting to respect all voters &amp; do what is best for the country - it sure isn't Brexit in any form.
The #hoodlums need to get #nicked Worrying too much about the #brexit #shambles
It makes no sense if she has implied she is not willing to budge on her red lines (she stated she has to deliver a Brexit on the same terms). The EU has refused to renegotiate unless someone comes forward with a different set conditions. So what's the point of wasting time?
Plymouth the city you represent voted overwhelmingly to leave. Not leave with a deal, not have a soft Brexit leave but to leave the EU with or without a deal. Represent your constituents or face not winning your seat at the next election
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
Getting May to stop a no deal is the best way to get enough Conservatives to bring down the government. The policy isn't the issue.
It is the job of the interviewer to ask questions &amp; listen to the answers, not to talk over the interviewee with a diatribe of their own. I'm pissed off with the likes of #Marr, #newsnight and #politicslive for employing this tactic! #Brexit #bbcqt #BrexitShambles #brexitdebate
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
Brexit: UK government plans vote on January 29
Brexit: UK government plans vote on January 29
Brexit: UK government plans vote on January 29
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
May´s Brexit deal rejected: what now?
The latest Know easyJet! Thanks to #easyjet #brexit
Everyone Plan B Brexit on paper with everyone's consent take that to the EU.
Jokes about the Holocaust are fine by Gove ??
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
Britain is in an "amazing political mess" over Brexit, an English bishop said
Well? Have you?
Hey! Check out this article I just read on the new Rush Limbaugh App...
But what have they ever done for us? #EU #Brexit #BrexitLogic
An EU that wanted to make Brexit a daunting example to other countries thinking of leaving! And a PM who is actually a declared opponent of Brexit - a recipe for disaster on all possible levels!
At the drop of a Brexit
in this, the age of Trump and Brexit,
Very Day After Brexit Victory I Said it Wouldn't be Allowed to go Ahead - Ex-MEP: via
The referendum was NOT legally binding! Therefore Brexit has nothing to do with the vote. The vote is an excuse. Wake up!
Stephen tries to make sense of why the Lib Dems would even think of re-toxifying themselves after the detox after the Cameron-Clegg coalition. Includes imagined Venn diagrams
well sturgeon is using brexit to take the attention away from the salmond affair and what part she played and what she knew
. you seen this? Great piece.
But get on with what? Everybody wants different things from Brexit and EU are unlikely to budge.
A very good reminder from of the history of the NI border a return to these horrors is unthinkable, if only #Maybot and #CorbynOut would wise up
won't talk to May unless a no deal Brexit is off the table. A no deal Brexit is essentially what Brexit is in it's purist form. Corbyn is pushing Brexit into the long grass and is frustrating democracy, this will either be the end of Brexit or the end of Corbyn.
Pound fights back on market hopes for Brexit Plan B
Yes. It's 120 percent now. Brexit bump.
it’s actually incredible how theresa may had 117 of her MPs vote for her to resign as tory party leader and she lost the brexit vote by 230...but she still won’t resign. the arrogance is unreal.
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
guess who's back / back again. 1/2 of the first postmap club release. wonder what the other half could be
'Green card' needed to cross the border in event of no-deal Brexit
Scotland should have Indyref2 if UK leaves EU, new poll reveals
It's tough negociating the #Brexit these days, whether it is in #Brussels, #London or #Oslo.. nice try though. #NorwayPlus #May #EU #DealAfterDeal
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
3/ Since its impossible to appease the electorate, politicians should surely do what they know is right. The majority know that Brexit lays on a spectrum of bad and catastrophic for this country. People of integrity would vote to kill this ghastly process as soon as possible.
Brexit in a nutshell
Great stuff Always wanted to go to the states now we will have a green card
Real exercise designing strategy with partners - main sponsors to push through a Brexit that doesn’t breach the red lines she set - and it makes me feel her Withdrawal plan negotiation was always a decoy.
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
Man, this is some good writing:
She put her deal to parliament and got slaughtered. The EU now knows that parliament will only back a softer brexit so will give us more time if we request it. The PMs back benchers and her arbitrary red lines have backed her into a corner of her own making.
Halfwit
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
Remainers will outnumber Leavers for the first time in January 2019 – here's how
The possibility of Iraq bombing us in 45 minutes is more believable than this.
It would be good if others followed tgeir example. #forthemanynotthefew
The ruling that says we can revoke A50 unilaterally explicitly says that it can only be done in good faith: as a genuine halt to Brexit not a stalling tactic.
Lining their pockets
Well if we can talk to Hamas about Israel and IRA about Northern Ireland maybe we can talk to Maybot on Brexit?
Support for Remain highest since referendum, Brexit poll finds
In June 2016 the whole of the UK voted to leave the European Union. As such, Northern Ireland being part of the UK, the 18 MPs from NI are entitled to vote and debate on issues relating to Brexit.
Oh for ffs I'm a welsh rugby lass and daughter of a wru ref and now I agree with Brian Moore???!! Brexit is messed up! Yesterday it was ! #TwilightZone
What fantasy movie were you watching?
MPs will not decide on a Brexit Plan B for another fortnight
If something is true from all points of view, such as the prediction that we will be worse-off post-Brexit, it is a fact.
I interpreted what she said was she was committed to a people's vote. Same as you. Then, and only after that avenue has been exhausted, indy ref 2. Question is, if you commit to a 2nd Brexit vote, will you commit to a 2nd indy ref on the event of no deal or no people's vote?
China's slowdown is self induced, yes I agree the latest projections are for a US slowdown rather than a recession, absolutely the wrong time for a No Deal Brexit. Cheers .
Why has nobody up till now made a -most likely very crappy- song with a few of #johnberkow ‘s “order, OOOORRRDEEERRR, order” quotes as lyric? I suggest a heavy beat and a very compelling synth melody. Come on you creative computermusicians! #brexit #skynews
Support for staying in EU hits highest level since referendum as 56 per cent say no to Brexit | London Evening Standard
He's never negotiated anything in his life and it looks like he never will.
If you are allowing your own MP's to talk with the government is it not better that you go to these talks and prove to th UK population that you are serious about sorting out this Brexit mess instead of sitting on the sidelines getting 2nd and 3rd hand accounts.
What about John Bercow's plan to sabotage Brexit?
Astonishing. A letter about ruling out no deal with no mention of Article 50.
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
Sc Gov say here that Brexit hurts our Revenue by £1.7b-£3.7b/yr. We know the current Fiscal Transfer from the UK is ~£10b/yr. As such, Indy is 3-5x worse for our Revenue than even Brexit may be. Glad to help.
Excellent thread on Brexit
Gollum Decodes Brexit Shambles With 'Bohemian Rhapsody' Spoof
Harold Clarke, professor , says a messy #Brexit could also be destabilizing for the U.S. and Texas. via
The defeat of Theresa May's deal as a way out from the Brexit? Another national Brexit referendum still possible....
I laugh at that statement... given the EU have carried out Irelands wishes... Brexit has shone a light on NI's place in the Union... people in England are frustrated at Brexit being thwarted due to the DUP .
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
has been busy! Brexit, wage and employment in ND all start the show on . Dr. Flynn joins me at 9 am. #economics #Brexit #Employment
But he obviously hasn’t told Theresa!
He wants a customs union so do most people
BBC News - Brexit deal: Meetings aren't a Plan B
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
Probably my least popular take is that regardless of your political persuasion, Brexit is a complete waste of time and a distraction from actually solving the problems you care about.
ineptitude over the past two years. Though originally a “Remainer,” Prime Minister Theresa May has matched their arrogant obduracy, imposing a patently unworkable timetable of two years on Brexit and laying down red lines that undermined negotiations with Brussels and
The sheer arrogance of the woman. She scraped in by a whisker to carry on as leader in her own party, lost the vote on her terrible Brexit plan and just scraped through, a vote of no confidence on her government with the help of the DUP. Safe she is definitely not....
. 's #Brexit will be hitting television screens in the US this Saturday 19th on ! Directed by the brilliant Toby Haynes.
Your position here is very confused. The reason May won't accept the Labour Brexit position is because it is too 'soft' and 'not really Brexit,' not that it's too 'hard.' Softening it further (as you suggest) takes the two parties even further apart.
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
(see link) How to use 'Humble Address' to revoke Article 50.
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
The only national crisis is VAR, not Brexit
-17 and a little bit of wind now. Just went for a refreshing walk! :) I hope you survive the freeze! And fingers crossed for a solution to the whole Brexit saga
Given BBC record of pro #brexit stance, would propose a robust clarity on #EU position as negotiated. and alternates being dropping her redlines, rejecting a no deal brexit or holding an honest referendum now that the British people know what Brexit means.
Sick
(cont) Although, topically, in the UK the risk of legislation change (ie #Brexit) tops the list. #businessrisks #businesscontinuity #crisismanagement
Labour MPs seeking to work with #TheresaMay on #Brexit need to insist on the abandonment of #UniversalCredit, and on the repeal of the #TradeUnionAct.
Brexit deal: Meetings aren't a Plan B #MockTheRight -
(Daily Mail) May fights to find cross-party #Brexit plan after confidence vote : Theresa May held out an alive branch to political rivals last night after surviving a Labour bid to oust her, urging them to come to the table and ..
That's true. But it's not a great idea to accelerate your own demise. That's exactly what Brexit is for the future of this country - it the equivalent of a closing down sale.
Nearly right. The leverage we had was the timing of article 50 which you incontinently pissed away leading directly to the current massive mess, clod. But don't worry Dave. You absolutely don't look and sound remotely like a hopelessly confused and bedraggled old lush at all.
We do not yet know what the final Brexit deal will look like and how this will ultimately affect UK based financial services providers, however Revolut is working on contingency plans to enable it to provide its services throughout Europe post Brexit in any event!
You 'lost' hundreds of files on Westminster paedophiles (or stole them for leverage, perhaps?), you created a 'hostile environment' that has bred racism and fear, you are bludgeoning a dead horse with your terrible Brexit deal. Selfservatives at their worst. No More Lies.
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
Unwanted. Right...
British citizens who work in the businesses voted! We democratically voted for Brexit
Very good point - sums the man up completely. Out for political gain and hang the country's best interests. Saying we must not have a no deal, only helps the EU no one else.
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
The latest Daily Dreadfull! #brexit
[New York Times] "Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’"
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
See what did I say, they're even laughing at us from Hawaii.
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
Travelling to the South of Ireland after 'No Deal' Brexit scenario - N.I. motorists must carry car insurance Green Cards
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
Pointless exercise
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via ucheiceofficial The New York Times
BBC News - Brexit: All you need to know about the UK leaving the EU
It just shows what Europhiles actually think of our elderly. I think this serves as a chilling reminder of what we’re up against and why a full Brexit must be delivered.
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
France Macron needs to Go!
This!
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
Brexit: Who are the main groups at Westminster? | Bailiwick Express UK
letter to to break the Brexit deal! #Brexit
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT/J3M1E The New York Times January 17, 2019 at 12:00AM #news
Lovely write up by for event last night about the year ahead for London. Pleased to be involved and quoted in the piece
What May has agreed here is reassurance that the hand full of Libdems will prop her up when the ERG decide that enough is enough when she pushes for a softer Brexit She can't be seen to have had Labour force her in to this.
What I said before? About Brexit and great art? This guy wins every prize in the book.
Has anyone put the Brexit question to Stack Overflow? If not, hold my mug of tea...
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
I’m a Canadian Londoner. Brexit is providing a teachable moment and cautionary tale for the folks at home.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel says there's still time to negotiate after #Brexit deal voted down by British lawmakers
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
No deal is better than a bad deal, we voted leave and YOU are doing all you can to stamp on democracy, you are really the worst kind of traitor
Brexit: France activates no-deal plan #Brexit
If a #PeoplesVote does happen for #Brexit, will that be the political equivalent of VAR? #clearandobviouserror
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
But she promised the 1922 Committee there would be no snap election I hear you say. 's promises are not worth the sand they are written in is my answer to that.
"We should have engaged and worked together before this." Tory MP for Mid-Worcestershire Nigel Huddleston admits its quite late to start cross party talks #Brexit
Is it also the same Minford who has been ridiculed constantly about his post Brexit forecasts?
France activates no-deal BREXIT plan: the British are too stupid &amp; racist to come in from the cold &amp; rain
EUR/USD parked around 1.1400 amidst low volatility By #EURUSD #btc #forex #Brexit #USD
May battles to keep Brexit on track after no-confidence win:
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
Corbyn May save Brexit! He speaks with a forked tongue as wants No Deal: he believes Project Fear 2 will allow a Marxist PM to rise from the ashes. So he is resisting the Commons compromise deal and a Referendum.
This is disgusting. Gratified that people have died with more to follow just so that you can pursue your vision of our country. You are all that is wrong about the Brexit debate.
He’s a w****r
France activates no-deal Brexit plan
Absolutely. The country voted to leave. Mrs Thatcher was the most Euro-sceptic leader we have ever had. A good deal would have been struck by her many months ago. She may have been deeply disliked by the left, but the Brexit vote was not about domestic party politics, was it?
surely it's LibDems +1004% Tories +1456794737% Labour -49585736380485% becuase Labour caused the Brexit mess we are in.
Brexit was never going to be able to compete with the snooker.
He's just gorgeous, the little gnome with the Shakespearean voice who got me through to 4am in the Antipodes watching the Agreement to Brexit Suicide.
Labour's Barry Gardiner Likens No-Deal Brexit To “Blowing Our Own Brains Out”: via
Being BombDiggity is out! #paid #brexit
if we can get a more lib dems and greens in parliament then I think it will be a fairer place and they will look into dark money because they have never had any money to speak of
I knew that was coming right after the Brexit vote succeeded.
In "Brexit debate: What young people really think" they admitted that the audience was 2/3rd Remainers but it didn't turn out like the Remainer biased programme wanted. It was meant to be a look at the views of 18-20 year olds yet they included Femi who is not in that age group.
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
Whilst still thinking he is dithering, it's hard to disagree with his points. And it may be tactically smart to get a renegotiation to fail before calling for a #PeoplesVote
brexit nailed
Death threats are preventing MPs from showing support for a second referendum. #peoplesvote #brexitshambles #2019 Tory MP pledges second referendum amendment to May's Brexit plan
smell my brexit plan, you mother!
keep dreaming pal latest poll from panelbase 52% to 29% in favour of the union the bond looks good to me
As it stands the facts are that #FBPE and the biggest remain campaigning platforms are entirely at fault for this situation. a no deal brexit is on your lot.
With brexit, "the British political class has offered to the world an astounding spectacle of mendacious, intellectually limited hustlers."
"Such a pattern of egotistic and destructive behavior by the British elite flabbergasts many people today. But it was already manifest seven decades ago during Britain’s rash exit from India." Pankaj Mishra on today's 'Masters of Disaster.'
No-deal Brexit will hurt us and we're not ready, say tech companies
Putin’s game plan (day after Brexit): 1) UK &amp; Europe fall into chaos. 2) Trump withdraws US from NATO. 3) Putin cuts off gas to Germany. 4) Putin activates invasion army. 5) Trump declares state of emergency. 6) Trump assumes massive new powers. 7) Mueller is shut down.
Larry Elliott on the left-wing case for Brexit
Thanks to &amp; for having me in last night. In-depth discussion with about what comes next in the #Brexit negotiations now that has survived the confidence vote + the pressure ratchets up with 10 weeks to go before March 29 cliff edge.
On any given day, Belgium produces between a quarter and half the radioisotopes used in the world. Just one way that a no-deal Brexit could cost lives.
No Deal Brexit set to be blocked within days reveals Chancellor in leaked call.
"There will have to be compromises" #BrexitVote
UK #demand for credit cards and mortgages is collapsing as Brits brace themselves for the shock of Brexit - Business Insider #business #news
Good to see &amp; both confronting the realities of brexit and the on going constitutional crisis. #FMQ #fmqs
‘One thing is clear in all the confusion: anyone who thinks that Britain can go through the madness of the Brexit drama and then revert to politics as normal is howling at the Moon’ #BrexitDeal #BrexitVote #BrexitShambles
France activates no-deal Brexit plan
What now? courtesy of #Brexit #BrexitVote #Construction #Business
Philip #Hammond tells business no-deal Brexit will be stopped - The Guardian #business #news
Listened gobsmacked at interview with 3 pro EU pundits: a Berlin resident of 18 yrs, an Italian who works for EU, &amp; an American. All 3 cosily agreed, with interviewer, that Brexit diminishes the UK. Majority in UK voted Leave. Our problem is politicians won’t act.
Sugar demonstrating that there's a difference between what people are thinking: 'Just make it stop' and what May is hearing: 'Just get on with it'
So says the EU Globalist NWO Puppet. #MacronMustGo
Why would he he is the most Brexit leader out of the lot of them he hates the EU ...all he wants is the country to get that fucked he gets a GE ....he doesn't care how
To be honest, not really thinking about it all. Just want them all to shut up about stuff that had no relevance right now. Need to sort out Brexit &amp; stop bringing up stuff that is irrelevant.
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
Brexit fiasco and the Trumpian one are the consequence of civilizational self-negation, not its causes. Neither Obama nor the European leaders knew what they were doing in the last 10 years. They brought havoc and destroyed democracy.
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
Brexit's campaign lender, announced the National Crime Agency for alleged violations in the 2016 EU referendum. #Brexit #BrexitVote #brexitdebate #BrexitDeal #Crimeagency #eu #Europeanunion #AaronBank #UKIPFinancier
Remainer Chancellor Tells Big Business MPs Will Stop Clean Brexit in Leaked Call
France activates no-deal Brexit plan
Chaotic #Brexit would shake German business, industry group warns - Financial Times #business #news
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT
In the E. U. exists the believe that a hard Brexit will be impossed in Britain, we are watching the scene; I have no more to say.
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
France activates no-deal Brexit plan
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
The Left needs to insist to that Labour MPs who participated in #Brexit discussions with #TheresaMay would retain party membership only if it were removed from #TonyBlair.
JRM has probably been the most honest and truthful politician in the entire HoC ever since the Brexit process began.
: #lbc #brexit #EU #Europe #gmb #leave #goodmorningbritain #london #poland #polish with an estimated 3.5 million EU migrants in the UK a 2nd vote could be taken away from the Brits by EU colonisation.
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
- take no deal AND no Brexit off the table. This is a fair compromise &amp; FORCES a compromise solution from Parliament
Oh dear, I think somebody has hit the bottle really really early....
Tory MP pledges second referendum amendment to May's Brexit plan
#BinBrexit #Remain don't #Leave #PeoplesVoteNow #RevokeArt50 #RevokeRemainRebuild #NoDealBrexit off the table.
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
Or remain.
It's working. U.S. preoccupied with the shutdown. UK preoccupied with flailing Brexit. Trump considering withdrawing from NATO while Russia seeks to absorb the country of Ukraine. U.S. sidestepping out of Syria as a gift to RUS and the Saudis. None of this is normal.
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT
With respect to insurance for UK vehicles driven in Europe after a no deal Brexit, most commentators say that UK insurance will still give the minimum third party cover. I find this odd in that it will be illegal for UK insurers to underwrite risk in the EU. Does anyone know why?
The #Murdoch-owned press beat the drum for the #Iraq War, but few of the key players got a mention in the #Chilcot report&gt; #MURDOCH PROMOTED THE #IRAQWAR...HE PROMOTES #GOVE, FOR WITH GOVE HE COULD GO TO WAR WITH THREE COUNTRIES AT ONCE, AND A LOT MORE WITH #BREXIT.
Is this part of Brexit?
Non-Brexit news out of the UK, via : basketball is the second-most played sport among 11- to 15-year-olds in Great Britain
After Brexit and Trump: An Interview with Douglas Murray
Brexit side effects
Yep. Future historians are both going to have a field day and also have no fucking idea what to do with #Brexit.
#Opinion: The Rudderless West. We are drifting, in the absence of mind and will, toward a moment of civilizational self-negation. #Trump #TeresaMay
Don't think any Brexit supporter will want to vote Labour then!!
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
Thread by : "This Brexit business is a marvel. Genuinely. It’s borderline miraculous. Bear with me. 1/ As a culture, we focus on thoslanced moments when, against all odds, the stars align perfectly and great things are achieved. You know, Mir […]"
Scottish fishermen know exactly where we stand with the #SNP they would dump us straight back into the #CFP
We have just taken delivery of new felting needles and wool. Having listened to #brexit nonsense all week, I can recommend the therapeutic value of stabbing wool as a healthy release from shouting at the tv!! #rainbowyarns #rothbury #welovewool #britishfibre #fibreart #felting
The reason I like Corbyn is he's always been honest and made his position clear. Everything involving Brexit has been neither of those things and frankly feel let down by the one politician that made me want to vote. Stop being scared to stand your ground and just decide ffs
Her current deal is not Brexit it is a treaty which ties is in for years to come
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
must read Brexit thread hahaha (in a darkly humorous sort of way).
With 71 days to Brexit, Jeremy Corbyn has launched his imaginary general election campaign
None of Labour's plans meet their own six tests,they want Brexit Test1 exact same benefits as before E.U impossible
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
Brexit: UK government plans vote on January 29 via
Just had a customer that told me she was stocking up on food for Brexit. She even said she was going to stock up on fuel. Lol, okay bitch.
If the French can clearly understand how our country has been manipulated by a referendum result, how come we cannot see what has unfolded in front of our eyes and to our detriment?
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
Theresa May’s much anticipated #Brexit deal is largely defeated in Parliament, but she narrowly survives a Vote of No Confidence. #BrexitVote #BrexitDeal #brexitinbetweeners #brexit #uk #london #LondonIsOpen #brexitdebate #BrexitChaos #BrexitShambles
Revoke &amp; Reconsider. Unpalatable - but perhaps the best way forward?
This is still my view, especially as Labour's demands contravene European law, and they won't accept no deal
Does a 16th Century Jesuit have the key to unlocking Brexit?
I genuinely disturbed that there are MPs, who are apparently of sound mind, who would choose ‘no deal’ as an option. Seriously. They can’t be considered mentally healthy, right? #brexit #nodeal
Jezza has a small brain!
Ruling out no deal Brexit is a good step, but what is goal for the UK?
British PM's offer over Brexit talks a 'stunt' - Corbyn
"Spare us this parliament in which personal ambition, extraordinary stupidity, faithlessness, narrow considerations of partisan advantage and general halfwittery outweigh any and every consideration of the national interest"
'We're about to be thrown under a Boris bus': businesses on a no-deal Brexit – The Guardian
Much of Brit elite are chumocracts + chumpocrats ht
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
So this YouGov poll of only 1000 people, which was commissioned by ‘The People’s Vote’ and published by Osbourne’s Evening Standard, do you really think that is was going to come up with any other result, more corrupt bullshit
No deal is the outcome that we will get if nothing else happens before April. No deal is the legislated outcome. So we're staring no deal in the face right now. What is he waiting for? #PeoplesVote
Hello art lovers. Weather, cold and miserable. Brexit, don’t even go there......Let’s brighten the mood with these brand new limited editions from internationally acclaimed artist Louise McNaught. Available on pre order now at #lion #artcollector
"Good luck to a government that lied to its people and promised them something that could never exist or be delivered."
#Brexit #LeadersMeet #DowningStreet #Manchester #SNP #Sunderland #Newcastle #Yorkshire #WestMidlands #devolution #RegionalDemocracy #Belfast #Derry #Truro #Cornwall #Liverpool #UK "Take back control" Make laws at the periphery of the unions, CONFEDERATE as equals at the center
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
Because it's a lie. Brexit has caused a significant fall in the pound, which has made food imports far more expensive. Far more than a tiny tariff on rice. The tariff is about 4 pence on a pack of Uncle Bens;
10 years. 2) Brexit with a deal. Again, responsible for any bad things the EU comes up with the added bonus of turning Britain into a vassal state. 3) Brexit with no deal. Responsible for the huge economic chaos it will bring. Added to that is Labour's experience from the (tbc)
Realistically an election removes the biggest obstacles - you either end up with a Tory majority and a horrific Brexit with an an Irish Sea border and NI in the SM, or a Lab Lib Nat majority and a people's vote with relatively sensible options?
Theresa Mays’ latest brexit speech
We have quality kicks #Nike #Shoes #10yearchallenge #uksnow #NoConfidenceMotion #adidas #LUFC #ThisMorning #LooseWomen #2009vs2019 #rian’s nan #Bachelor #cpfc #Brexit #Hashtag
This is not the time for cross party barracking and arguing, we want to see a United Parliament, with all MPs from all parties working together to deliver Brexit and agree on a deal that this Country desperately needs.
Banks turn stocks red, pound finds some peace Concern over China's economic outlook and possible U.S. tariffs on European cars dragged stocks lower on Thursday, while an anti-climactic end to the latest chapter in the Brexit saga offered sterling a moment's peace.
People who are homeless,on poor wages,can’t afford rent,the NHS,regions that need investment in jobs and council houses and many other things that are just as important than Brexit to many people .
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
The loons didn't even want to accept Brexit was a terrible idea in the first place. Nothing you can do about the thick ones. You let them be and move on.
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
Presumably in a spirit of fairness all of Labour's 'red lines' will be ditched before you enter into discussion about alternative Brexit options ? By red lines I mean 'the six tests', you know, the ones your own leader couldn't even remember :-) #Brexit
Why Oakshott, a journalist who had full and complete access to information linking Aaron banks to Russia, implicating the Brexit result as one won through criminal activity and foreign interference, and chose to sit on the evidence for her own benefit?
With 71 days to Brexit, Jeremy Corbyn has launched his imaginary general elec... +1 UKBot #UK #news
May fights to find a Brexit plan after surviving confidence vote via this bunch should resign we are leaving not remaining
Discussing Parliament’s rejection of May’s Brexit plan: on Fox News’ ‘The Story with ’
You could have voted against the government. In this instance you put party before country - you need to be consistent otherwise it undermines (in the eyes of many) all the good work you have done on Brexit.
This concise thread explains in a digestible way why Leader of HM Opposition Corbyn is *not* helping resolve our current Brexit crisis in any meaningful way:
And people are having a go at Corbyn for not engaging with this monster.
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT
This is essentially a Scottish independence poll. Clearly if Brexit happens, so does independence.
"#AMR deaths in #Europe (part 2)" #NotWhatItSeems Really important point: mortality is not attributable mortality. We also need to get past the doomsday messaging - that didn't work out to prevent #Brexit or #Trump and isn't working for #climatechange too
What's this guy on? Totally deluded
JUST LIKE JEREMY CORBYN, HAMMOND IS ANOTHER IDIOT WHO FAILS TO REALIZE THAT ONCE YOU START PADDLING ‘NO-DEAL BREXIT IS OFF THE TABLE’, YOU WEAKEN YOUR BARGAINING POWER!
oh you were just saying the disagreements were not about the brexit lmao i didn’t get that
Brexit...are we on the long road to nowhere? Tonight’s 10:45pm.
You voted to trigger Article 50 without having any amendments to ensure that Parliament could intervene. You put No Deal on the table.
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
*Conspiracy theory* Trump, Brexit and all recent political scandals are just the oil and meat industries latest way to distract from climate change
That made me giggle out loudly! #Bestmedineislaughing
If a GE is called:- 1. Labour smash it and win. 2. The economy tanks due to Brexit 3. Tories win next election. 4. Sell off country to highest bidder (NHS to the US) 5. We then spend the next 10 years begging to rejoin the EU. #PeoplesVote
This is why we don’t leave important decisions like Trump, Brexit, or Katy Perry singles to the public!
Don't think of trusting him. Keep the pressure on. Increase it tenfold. #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy #PeoplesVote
Because he'd have to explain his socialist brexit ideas that May may laugh off
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
The true meaning of #Brexit #ukpoli
Sure you can, just like you ignore the Brexit vote. Just don't.
It's #Elections2019 this year, Canada. Let's debate with reason, not divisive fictions.
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
And yet most politicians who call for this are simultaneously comitted to brexit. So this seems not to be the most common reading.
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
The whole damn lot of them. A dictatorship in progress. Soon your Radio will be under government control like other media already is. UKIP interviews have been banned by all media already. You have been warned by 17+Million Democratic Voters.
#Norwayplus would be sensible at juncture and far better than no deal
Former Taoiseach Bertie Ahern doesn’t think a second referendum is straightforward result #brexit #brexitdebate
He finally figured out the strategy behind Corbyn's 4D Brexit chess game and his head exploded. RIP CorbynSuperFan
Scottish Government’s Brexit minister Mike Russell to this week’s ‘meaningful vote’, which has obliterated both Theresa May’s mandate to govern, as well as her entire government’s raison d’etre.
You're forced to take that £15 because you cannot leave without a deal, despite being able to do better elsewhere. Those calling for No-Deal to be eliminated are likely not pushing for the "best Brexit", but using the call as a push towards Remaining,
Live producing on Brexit for ! It is as cold as the Brexit deal outside!
I hope they defy him. This is more important than one ego. He’s useless! New leader needed. #Brexit #BrexitShambles
A very effective preach to the converted it was to be sure - followed by an invitation to No 10 to help get him out of the Brexit mess. Persuasive vote winner ? No
JC would work with the PM if she would drop the no deal brexit something no-one wants nor needs fucking moronic twat mr gapes
please replace Cornyn! This country needs a proper opposition to #brexit. Our voices are not being heard #PeoplesVote
It's amazing how much effort is now going into keeping no-deal Brexit on the table. Do people just see it as a stick for getting a second referendum? Pretty risky strategy if so!
Brexit: France activates no-deal plan – BBC News
In the E. U. exists the believe that a hard Brexit will be imposed in Britain, we are watching the scene; I have no more to say.
The only way to stop this insanity and get our country back is to rescind A50. Cameron divided the nation, but getting the bunch of demented incompetents that pass as our govt to STFU about brexit once and for all is something we could all get behind #MakeItStop #EndtheMadness
Disorderly Brexit. Brexit deadlock. Brexit chaos
The rats that nibbled a hole in SS UK had a lifeboat all along. I bet they have some juicy offshore assetts like Moggy &amp;amp; co.
UK in deadlock over Brexit ‘Plan B’ as May and Corbyn double down
So your leader has turned his back again on Brexit and ultimately turned his back on 17.4 million people. Why not persuade him to talk to the PM re his concerns? Don’t suppose you will because you too are a remoaner. We will remember. #outmeansout
and , I've been thinking that the problem with Brexit is that it's simply no fun. It lacks the typical British crisis elements --no foreign invaders, the French are only bit players, no pretenders to the throne, no gay sex. Let me spice it up for you 1/
Because it's a lie. Brexit has caused a significant fall in the pound, which has made food imports far more expensive. Far more than a tiny tariff on rice. The tariff is about 4 pence on a pack of Uncle Bens;
What in name of god is going on here !!! Brexit: No-deal insurance advice for NI drivers
Brexit... are we on the long road to nowhere? That's tonight's 10:45pm
So says the drunk running the EU.
Such as:
May battles to keep Brexit on track after no-confidence win
Great entry in the special 2019 #Brexit edition from ; the best ones involve the hallowed words of children IMO
The EU expects no deal exit. Simply in practical terms. It’s the default and now the most likely outcome.
Brexit explained, perfectly.
Yeah, but WILL she? That’s the big question
Is it just me, or does anyone else think that the conservative Brits continuing commitment to Brexit seem to be a lot like Trump’s attachment to the wall on the southern border? Both seem to be incredibly bad, racist and expensively ineffectual ways to deal with a problem.
a moving, fascinating, and horrifying story I have never heard before and at the same time a poigniant analogy for Brexit
Refreshing to see Chuka and Gillian both agreeing on certain topics, the start to all dialog. It’s time for the grown up’s to clean up the mess the naughty kids have created in the form of brexit.
#Brexit crazy summed up in a tweet.
Labour might have to have a Brexit policy it there’s a second referendum. Not much chance of that.
you're a legend. We need more people like him, saying how it really is! #IrishUnity #Think32
Exactly we don't have leg to stand on. Why should their referendum be valid when the Brexit one hangs in balance
I need him to have him at home to yell at my kids to get their coats and shoes on before school
Traitor
'These eternal schoolboys whose “weight is out of all proportion” to their numbers are certainly overrepresented among Tories. They have today plunged Britain into its worst crisis, exposing its incestuous and self-serving ruling class like never before.
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
She brought a deal. She voted remain. Now he will not talk because of the prospect of No Deal. He's just led the biggest block against a perfectly good deal. He's a wrecker. He's not a builder. He is anti. He is not pro.
My husband is 92, and says..Jacob Rees Mogg is the best thing to happen to Great Britain since Margaret Thatcher. We love you. Please, please, please deliver Brexit.
It's always Remainers who want a second referendum, it's almost like they want to overturn Brexit.
Maybe he actually just wants a "no deal" brexit but not to been seen as part of it. If it's a disaster, he gets voted into Parliament at the next opportunity.
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
4/...But Oliver Letwin, who devised the legislation with Nick Boles, states in his Evening Standard piece today that it's extension, not withdrawal, that is the no deal insurance...
Only the undead zombies like yourself could support the continental disaster that is the EU, so the rest of us, young or old, but still living and thinking and caring about the UK are keeping calm and carrying on with #brexit.
May fights to find a Brexit plan after surviving confidence vote via : surely The Queen must intervene now, the government is in total disarray under May's leadership...???
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
Brexit, hard/soft/name only, doesn't serve the people who voted because of austerity, it harms them. His inability to address the lies, was an opportunity missed. He has weakened Labour and has apparently no position at all. Is he pro brexit? If so, why? If not, say so &amp; explain.
EU open to more ambitious deal with Britain: Barnier: The European Union is open to the possibility of an agreement with Britain that goes beyond free trade, EU Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier said on… #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachKavanaugh #TheResistance
Thread.
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
I often hear in the news when Tory MPs compare the second referendum with a football match. The argument usually explained as you cannot replay the lost football game. Members of the football team change with time and result change. People opinions on Brexit can change too.
John Prescott to thump an MP every hour on the hour until Brexit gets sorted
Doesn’t match their expectations
See, it's not just me saying it, here's .
I'm assuming your not a football fan? There's more than 1 BBC channel, believe it on not, all you had to do, was press a button (or 3) on a thing called the tv remote, amazing invention, you don't even need to get up off the sofa either!!! Some folks are fed up of brexit!!
It's a good point - you buy something online, get it delivered, and find out it is a piece of crap that doesn't live up to the marketing hype. What do you do? You send it back. Just say "nah, don't want it". Full refund please. #Brexit
Completely surrounded by news of Brexit and Trump. Right and Left incapable of hearing each other. I retreat into a new book. What do I find? The first chapter of Portnoy's Complaint and detailed description of CONSTIPATION!
Fantastic day so far at the Manufacturing Event in City West. Come visit us at stand F10 if you're here. Our Marketing and Business Development Manager is giving a talk on the Business/Brexit Stage at 4pm about...
We’re all screwed #brexit
OOORDEEEEEERRRRRR
#Brexit WILL BE STOPPED - Chancellor of the Exchequer Philip “Remainer Phil” Hammond' Tells Corporate Executives in Leaked Phone Call that Senior MPs Will Stop Clean Brexit
Popof- Serenity [HQ] #Brexit #thursdaymorning
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times Great Britain Withdrawal from EU (Brexit), International Relations, Politics and Government, Legislatures and Parliaments
He maybe Eeyore, but he's right. What on earth are / doing?!!!!
I’m convinced the will have much to answer for in this whole Brexit debacle. A “Round up the usual right-wing loonies” call seems to go out whenever anything happens. Farage (season ticket holder), Johnson, Minford, Neil, Martin, Hannon, the Redford alien, etc, etc, etc...
Wake up to what. Brexit has nothing to do with a referendum on membership of the EU?
I don't think Labour has anything constructive to say when it comes to #Brexit. Still Corbyn openly sabotages Brexit, which is not acceptable! #CorbynOut #ThursdayThoughts
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
Opinion | The Malign Incompetence of the British Ruling Class
It is funny he is criticising Corbyn for his conditional acceptance of Brexit cross party talks, however if Corbyn had accepted the talks, the Blier would have bang on, why he had accepted.
This is not about Brexit. Its about the tory party. Never was about the eu.
Looking forward, among the maelstroms of Brexit and co, to an evening of poetry, while reading with at on 4th Feb
Exactly what will happen if we do not leave #skynews #bbcnews
"Ireland was cynically partitioned to ensure that Protestant settlers outnumber native Catholics in one part of the country." Why are Irish protestants still being referred to as "settlers" 14 generations later???
Remove the fecking table..
In the autumn I thought I had a fair idea how it would pan out - a softish Brexit being most likely with No Deal binned. Now I haven't a bloody clue. Political constipation rules the Empire.
EU Regulatory Roundup: UK Plans to Add Refrigerated Storage to Mitigate Hard Brexit: #pharma #regulatory
I'd forgotten about the reality of tabloids. This Brexit rubbish has exposed me to this sort of crap on a daily basis. Can I claim damages ?
Oh look, it’s the labour leadership not taking this opportunity to work across parties for a soft Brexit EFTA based compromise which would take no deal off the table.
May battles to keep Brexit on track after no-confidence win
FICK
is the problem. Only Lib Dem and Greens represent the 48% now the 56% and this is democracy? #RevokeA50Now
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT
Nancy Pelosi is what Theresa May is.. one is blocking trumps wall.. the other is blocking brexit... both the same issue.. failure to stop mass invasion of illegals
Incredibly the Tories have blamed the opposition for the governments failings! You couldn’t make it up etc
So entirely pointless exercise "...in a constructive spirit, and wanting to hear what the various groups have to say”. But when asked whether May was willing to flex any of her negotiating red lines, he said they remained in place.
“I’m trying to be helpful to the prime minister, believe it or not, but this is pure robotic fantasy,” Mr. McDonald said. He grumbled about it later on Twitter, writing: “I tried. But alas, the robot within the PM kicked in and she stuck to her script.”
Let them resign, Prime Minister. None of them believe in Brexit and are simply a drag on the delivery of Brexit. Replace each of them with brexiteers and get on with No Deal.
John Prescott to thump an MP every hour on the hour until Brexit gets sorted - via
In returning for allowing Labour MPs to work with #TheresaMay on #Brexit, the Left needs to insist on one of the Labour seats on each Select Committee, thereby entitling it to all the resources necessary in order to prepare and publish minority reports.
Yep. They all seem to think that foreign businesses specifically saying, "This is because of Brexit," are lying because of the reasons.
I thought she will do all for a no brexit now...?!
I see this a lot but I think in the event of a no-deal Brexit, you could still get a good deal from the US (eventually). It's China you need to be concerned with.
Thank you!
#STONES "Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT
"We are drifting, in the absence of mind and will, toward a moment of civilizational self-negation.” on “The Rudderless West” adrift in stormy waters
I actually want an election just to see what's going on and who's right about the popularity of Labour.
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
By not going to the talks, you're just helping to ensure we do have a no-deal Brexit.
BBC News - Brexit: France activates no-deal plan
Lool get the scissors
Miscalculation? Super cat needs his cape. #cats #curiousity #kittens #exploring #funny #petgoodiesplus
And other cabinet ministers finally notice that Hammond is a rogue element.
Brexit: Business leaders call for second referendum
Non-Brexit news out of the UK, via : basketball is the second-most played sport among 11 to 15-year-olds in Great Britain
The best #Brexit speech I have seen. Fantastic David, it gives me hope.
My Brexit plan has been described as “lovely stuff” not my words Jordan, the words of Diane Abbot
Support for Remain highest since referendum, Brexit poll finds
Brexit: Theresa May pushes for cross-party consensus
Premier League clubs are already plotting major player recruitment in South America, Asia and Africa in the expectation that the Home Office will relax international working permits across professional sport after a no-deal Brexit #mufc [telegraph]
Yes, but how do you really feel about the British, Mr. Mishra? (BTW: Love "chumocracy." Brilliant!)
Lenin: the worse, the better.
"With Brexit, the chumocrats who drew borders from India to Ireland are getting a taste of their own medicine" - Mishra spitting fire again.
. Given that only 52% of 72% turnout voted to Leave, this means just over a third of 'the people' wanted Brexit. And it's not just 'the English people', either.
For Brexit watchers, I think this column captures why Corbyn has been pursuing the best options available - and why a "Norway plus" customs union/single market deal may be the only one that can get a parliamentary majority in the end.
Who does he think he is working for &amp; why are we as a country still picking up a bill for is treasonous work
Chlorinated chicken and hormone infused beef, lucky you. Problem is if you can't export cars then thats all anyone will be able to afford in #Brexitland thanks to #WTOBrexit #NoDealBrexit #Brexit
PM Theresa May faces a Brexit dilemma next Monday.
The last one caused chaos but this twit thinks we need to do it all again....Britain faces election in WEEKS to solve Brexit chaos, William Hague warns
A must listen -whatever you think of Blair.
Stephen Colbert flies Mary Poppins into a Brexit apocalypse
She does - in Tuscany. Why do you think she's so anti-Brexit?!
Just in case you need your day lightened a bit!
“The SDP believes that a Free Trade Agreement with the E.U. would be the best option post-Brexit but, in the absence of this, believes a no deal Brexit is preferable to remaining in the E.U. under a Chequers-style agreement.”
Pitch: Die Hard 7 - We're all John McClane, the building is the UK, and Hans Gruber is Brexit.
brexit thread
POLITICAL CLASS PARASITES crawling from the woodwork. And it's nowhere near Spring! For the last 32-months the REMOANERS have conned &amp; bag-snatched but now they're going to cancel the holiday cruise that you've been so hoping would be at the end of it all.
Why do all main UK parties oppose a 'no deal' above all things? Simple. A 'no deal' would be a genuine Brexit - the last thing any of them want.
But what if the result is still #brexit? Where does that leave us?
The rich English white settlers and Uncle Tams who moan about paying a few extra quid a month in tax, whilst hoovering up the advantages of living in Scotland, are going to be harmed by Brexit? There's more chance of my winning the Nobel Prize for Literature for my tweets.
I definitely don’t know enough about what’s been going on in the UK auto industry to know if Brexit had any effect on this. Does the chaos / instability coming from Brexit make it easier for Geely to pull this off?
Reckon that Parliament basically have 3 options on Brexit. These are: 1) Crash out on No Deal 2) May deal but adding a formal "permanent" customs agreement virtually identical to customs union but called something else and possibly for a fixed period of say 10 years. 1/2
This is what i se in my room when i wake up at 3am with Brexit paralysis
The #IntegrityInitiative smear op has come full circle. #MikeGapes
There have been problems with the concept of Select Committee minority reports in the past, but allowing them would be a small matter compared to some other innovations that have lately been permitted by the present Speaker. #JohnBercow #Brexit
Looks like you're becoming more and more alone in your conspiracy-theory echo chamber:
A #WTOBrexit delivers Brexit. They know it. It’s not about delivering, it’s about stopping it. Hey, &amp; it’s about bought business not wanting to lose EU funding. Screw sovereignty &amp; democracy!!!
Podcast dropping tonight at 6pm #Brexit
Mays Government Survived this vote :- i feel the closer we get to the { 29 of May] &amp; the default position the DUP Will...
Living in Spain with a UK driver’s licence? A no-deal Brexit could mean you have to pass your test again!
If everyone had access to quality education and jobs there probably won’t be a brexit. And even if there was one, the arguments would be impressive! (for lack of finding a boom word right now)
Awesome, awesome thread. Mayday is the phonetic spelling of M'aidez.
What principles?!! #BrexitShambles #ToryChaos #MayMustGo May will stick to Brexit 'principles' in cross-party talks, says No 10
Labour's Barry Gardiner Likens No-Deal Brexit To “Blowing Our Own Brains Out” - LBC
Well worth reading this thread, which isn't that long, to the end.
to the opportunistic Boris Johnson, who jumped on the Brexit bandwagon to secure the prime ministerial chair once warmed by his role model Winston Churchill,
“Reform always requires compensation”. Obviously not true because state pension age reform has impoverished countless #WASPI women because Govt refuses to compensate! #BackTo60 #OneVoice #WPIYPO
Doesn’t like being compared to a turkey but quite happy to compare Brexit to a world war. Christ
Absolutely outstanding take
Are you panic buying before Brexit Stokesy?
It can't be. Most politicians who call for this are simultaneously comitted to brexit. They're simply confused about how A50 works, or hoping their audience is.
Why? You went on the BBC IMMEDIATELY afterwards stating you thought a general election was inevitable to get a consensus on brexit. Why waste time, why did you not just support Labour's motion and get it over with when you know it's the only solution?!?
May's deal leads to a pointless Brexit as it leads to us ending up in the customs union and a quasi-single market but without a voice or vote. Many Leave voters think that much worse than simply staying in the EU.
The entire point of it is to be incomprehensible - so that both Remainers and Leavers can look and think it's a party for them. Terrible tactical error. If Brexit goes well the Tories will own it. If it doesn't they'll pin a large portion of the blame on Labour.
#Brexit has all the markings of a Greek tragedy. Hubris - lies and demagogy leading to #Brexit Nemesis - #Brexit talks, the retribution against those who succumb hubris Tisis - a no deal #Brexit and punishment to the most vulnerable #europe is also a greek name
What part of the ballot paper does it suggest various deals that the stupid labour party are wanting to put together, IN OR OUT, LEAVE MEANS LEAVE, NO DEAL BREXIT
Eddie has spent years trying to prevent a no-deal #Brexit, but the moment Corbyn's come out &amp; support this position, Eddie starts going on about Hamas. *Interesting* response.
Read this and you will understand why a #PeoplesVote on our Membership of the European Union has to happen. Some people claim we've already had one, but that one was in fact the #ToriesVote
No Brexit would not risk the livelihoods and wellbeing of millions of people though.
Gollum Decodes Brexit Shambles With ‘Bohemian Rhapsody’ Spoof #NewMusic #HipHop #rap New Album By The Cypher Crew (The Tape 2.0) OUT NOW
Does a 16th century Jesuit have the key to unlocking Brexit?
Should focus on avoiding the guillotine from his own people the rat
There are more than one in the U.K. - most don’t support Brexit.
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
Eddie has spent years trying to prevent a no-deal #Brexit, but the moment Corbyn's come out &amp; support this position, Eddie starts going on about Hamas. *Interesting* response.
Me becoming aware of John Bercow is literally the only good thing to come out of this Brexit debacle
Prime Minister Fails First Test of Co-Operation #Brexit
Politicians are clueless what to do All Parties are @ odds ! The Tories were elected on the mandate to carry out the Electorates Will of leaving the EU, also want to ignore the democratic Brexit Vote ! UK Law now states that A No Deal should now follow !
When you add together all the Leave options below, people overwhelmingly want to leave when compared to Remain.
This shows the man for what he is. He is unable to put the country first. Labour have still not said what they will do with Brexit. Odd that.
So suddenly polly you know how each of the new registered voters are going to vote? No you assume they will vote remain. So you could say your building a remain campaign built on lies as there’s no fact they would vote leave or remain! No one knows! #brexit
House of Commons leader Andrea Leadsom says a statement and motion on the Government's next Brexit steps will be put forward on Monday and a full day of debate will be held in Parliament on 29 January
"Less and less unlikely" ... so "more and more likely" then. Had to read that four times. BBC News - Brexit: France activates no-deal plan
It’s a huge problem. Meanwhile, Sturgeon is swanning around Westminster dabbling in Brexit politics which are not her concern.
.#LisaNandy and #StellaCreasy say we need a citizens’ assembly (i.e. a focus group to replace the popular vote &amp; MPs) - detect a whiff of #fearofthemasses at work here #citizensassembly #voting #representative #democracy #brexit #parliament #legitimacy #UK
ORDEEEEEEEER!
If anyone's in need of a reality check it's you... voters clearly have 'more appetite' for No Deal than cowardly MPs, a 'lighter Brexit' than the PM's already terrible WA will be Remain Minus, and leaving w'out an EU deal was in your manifesto. Stop moving the Brexit goalposts.
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER The New York Times
Makes you wonder just who is running the country, is it the PM or the rest of the Remainers.
#Brexit: Is Brussels ready to give UK more time?
Softening Brexit is going to be very difficult from here. The WA is 500+ pages long. The only space to renegotiate is about the future relationship. May should focus on the 118 Tories and DUP by ditching the backstop but keeping the rest unchanged.
IN MY FRAGILE STATE THEY CAUSE ME TO BE IN I CAN'T TAKE HOUR AFTER HOUR OF BREXIT DISCUSSIONS AND COMMENT ON IT LIKE I HAVE AT TIMES. THAT'S HEALTH SERVICE IRRESPONSIBLITY FOR YOU. I HERE THE NEWS THAT JEREMY CORBYN WON'T MEET THERESA MAY UNLESS SHE REJECTS A NO DEAL SCENARIO.
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
The Irish Border nails it again.
estimates how quickly older British people die off so that wretches like can gloat over younger Brits can reverse their granny's Brexit. It is run by a British expat who resides in Germany, according to their website. Pure hate.
If you’re paying any attention to Brexit, this tweet storm is bloody marvelous.
Precisely...this makes and equally liable in the event of a #brexit #NoDeal
The Eu is an economic superpower- why Putin and trump hate it and why we benefit from being members. #Brexit is not a negotiation between equals and British strategic imperatives require the Eu to be a success... what are we playing at?
GBP rose as PM May discusses the new Brexit deal with political rivals. Interesting to see what they will come up with.
no brexit is not an option plonker
She has said over and over and over again that No Deal is better than a bad deal. So this is incorrect. She is clearly happy to go for No Deal
And by refusing to meet you are increasing the chance of a no-deal Brexit. But that's what you want, isn't it? No-deal chaos and you benefit from the ruin. You are despicable.
Your not fit to lead, you are a disgrace. Your mess you deal with it! Stop blaming and denying you failed. Corbyn will talk when you stop blackmailing the country with no deal!
Any chance of a retweet of this Nev? It’s mega.
I thought Conor McGuinn was good on #todaysor this morning regarding Brexit
Of all the takes I've read on Brexit, this one is great...terrifying, but great.
Emmanuel Macron’s summation of Brexit: ‘The British people were sold a lie’ – video
He's not going to back it. Might as well forget Corbyn and Labour, they're not going to help with Brexit unfortunately.
PARIS | Airports, customs, trade: Europe preps for a chaotic Brexit
Tony Blair's commentary on anything is about as welcome as that time Danny Mills was on Match of the Day.
Asshole, equating meeting our PM with Hamas. You just can't stop your dirty smears about Corbyn because of his just support to Palestinian rights. Apartheid Israel persecution of the Palestinians must stop. #BDS
People, really, leave the 2ndref bullshit, NOT happening, leave the #CancelBrexit bullshit, NOT happening.- it’s just the MSM playing games, as they need shit like this to keep us scared and “Hoped”.- #Brexit is here.- get over it.-
Alternative ways to break Brexit deadlock
74% believe Brexit has shown politicians 'not in touch with mood of the country'
No, Corbyn shouldn't lead Labour because he has failed. He has lost a general election and lost on Brexit, the primary reasons for why we can't move forward. Not only the Tories oppose him, almost all the commons also have no confidence in him (including 172 Labour MPs).
The issue of International Debt Collection #internationaldebtcollection #business #brexit
Willie's life mission is to give England another go at Brexit and at the same time deny Scotland a democratic vote on its future.
If Brexit is such a great idea, then this won't be the best chance of it ever happening
Let's not forget is responsible for all this mess. He held the referendum to protect the Tories. Lost and quit. May history be hard on him. #brexit
UK: The Telegraph reports that Hammond (CON-ECR, Minister for Finance) reassured the ‘big business’ that a no-deal Brexit will come off the table. #Brexit
She’ll be telling them why they need to vote for her deal when it comes up again on 29th. I doubt very much she will be listening.... It’s just a stunt. #brexit
British PM May's Government Wins No Confidence Vote #Brexit #NoConfidenceVote
This is nabbed from btw
Winning a confidence vote in the House of Commons, U.K. Prime Minister May now faces a deadline to set out her Brexit Plan B by Monday.
Seems like a hard border to me.... #Brexit #UniteIreland #26+6=1
Novel argument this one - refs are expensive but then not really compared to the other costs of a hard or no deal Brexit
Brexit 2: May &amp; Trump vs Truth, with Stephen Fry via
Corbyn’s strategy is surely to get the Tories to pass May’s Brexit deal. The DUP would then bring her down and Corbyn sails to power with clean hands on Brexit. Can anyone spot the problem with this strategy?
Rees Mogg Straps Steam Powered Explosive To Chest, Demands Worst Brexit Possible
Brexit: France activates no-deal plan
This is what i see in my room when i wake up at 3am with Brexit paralysis
Stop lying to yourself in public. the polling for that has been as pathetic as your efforts to sell remain. you fucked up in 2016 running a negative campaign and not your have fucked up again because you couldn't learn the lesson from that losing strategy. You locked brexit in
As I've said before in this House Respecting the referendum Undermine democracy Proud of our record ('Long haired lover from Liverpool', Little Jimmy Osmond) A matter of national security and public safety This is the deal Philip will make a packet out of Brexit (Freudian slip)
Labour does need to sharpen its strategy for ensuring the next no confidence vote isn’t defeated - there are some crucial words that can be said to keep the soft Brexit / Remain alliance onside
As Theresa May corners herself on #Brexit what does she do? Increase &amp; double down on her red lines. Which got her into this trouble in the first place. This makes Corbyn seem the master of flexibility.
Surely her deal is a great indication that she does not want a No Deal. Or a hard Brexit remember at the beginning of the negotiations Tusk indicated he wanted a Canada style deal.
Midway down the article, under the heading of, "What's one of the biggest sticking points?" The video explains Brexit with legos. Brilliant! The non-Brits guide to Brexit (because it affects you too)
Brexit: France activates no-deal plan
Billboard campaign reminds voters of MPs' Brexit promises | Politics | The Guardian
A fine bunch 2.5 years after the vote deciding which #brexit people voted for! WAKE UP BRITAIN Same picture
England WANTS HARD BREXIT NOW !
Does a 16th century Jesuit have the key to unlocking Brexit?
'It's a shambles': the view from the country on Brexit now
EU agency argues Brexit should be get-out clause for London lease via
YEAH!
That would be true if we held the balance of power. But having voted against the government in the confidence motion, seeing it fail, and now being left with two parties with near identical brexit positions, we see neither as preferable to the other.
This whole #Brexit malarkey causing havoc to small businesses on #Rathlin.
So the govt claims Brexit is the will of "the people". You claim that Corbyn must back Brexit OR the people, who you think are on opposite sides, yet you are publicly pledging support for the govt which is RESPONSIBLE for Brexit. Do you see the logical inconsistency, Vince?
‘Brits will start a WAR!’ Germans demand ‘crazy’ Britain ‘PAY a lot’ for Brexit vote
Aaargh! Why does YT now assume that because of the one time I searched Farage on it (to see his interview with JOB), that it thinks I now want to be fed a continual diet of his diatribes? I guess this is how Brexit was won, folks. Recommended, my arse!
Fantastic day so far at the Manufacturing Event in City West. Come visit us at stand F10 if you're here. Our Marketing and Business Development Manager is giving a talk on the Business/Brexit Stage at 4pm about...
POLITICAL CLASS PARASITES crawling from the woodwork. And it's nowhere near Spring! For the last 32-months the REMOANERS have conned &amp; bag-snatched but now they're going to cancel the holiday cruise that you've been so hoping would be at the end of it all.
I’m a British citizen, who exercised the right to free movement. I now live in EU and my life could be seriously affected by Brexit. I didn’t get a vote. How is this democratic ?
I would argue most people banging on about no deal actually have no clue about what is happening.
How can you not see that the 'elites' dgaf about remaining - the rich will benefit most from Brexit, and the disadvantaged will be the worst hit! There is no Utopia, or return to 'Rule Brittania'. This is the 21st century, the world has moved on - come and join it!
It's the lastest #IntegrityIntiative #SmearOp in action #MikeGapes
Didn’t amongst others tell us that leaving the EU would be disastrous for the UK he still cannot get over being on the losing side
Really?? Since when does she listen to anyone, including her own inner circle? May I point you to the 2017 general election, which she wholeheartedly cocked up all on her own, whilst refusing advice from anyone. Same thing is happening to #Brexit by her hand. Get rid of her!
he ain't a dictator he is the leader of a democratic party which at conference voted on LP position on Brexit but hey don't let the truth goes against your agenda
Forgive me if Iaccept Lord Trimble’s view over yours. After all, he negotiated the GFA and won the Nobel peace prize as a result. He says Brexit has no impact on GFA at all.
Not a sinking boat yet Dave, but it's not looking good is it? Can't overtake the worst government in history in the opinion polls, Corbyn 10 points behind May as best PM, the party making a complete hash of Brexit. It's serious, but not yet terminal.
Theresa May &amp; the EU are in a death spiral and dread #Brexit. Marcon is facing a revolution for out of control taxes due to UN agenda. Canadian liberals and conservative have blindly endorsed the UN compact. is the only 1 for Canadians. #PPC2019 for a future.
You probably want to keep that obsceen American gesture - being a paladin i.e. lap dog of the U.S. - but if not, these are far more appropriate. #Agincourt #Brexit
Overwhelming the British people want Art50 revoked. Preferably immediately and normal life can resume and attention given to reducing inequality. But if we have to wait till after #PeoplesVote so be it
13. Selective Populism. There is in our future a TV or Internet populism, in which the emotional response of a selected group of citizens can be presented and accepted as the Voice of the People. : "Overwhelmingly, British ppl want us to get on with delivering Brexit
Pound LIVE: GBP holding steady against euro and US dollar after May wins confidence vote
Petition: Brexit re article 50 it must not be suspended/stopped under any circumstances
Your homonym is responsible. The Idiot fixed terms elections. So just rejecting May's deal would have been enough to trigger an election prior to 2010. Now even the motion "This House has no confidence in HMs government negotiating a Brexit deal" does not.
Oh God, not another dodgy dossier from Tony Blair! 45 minutes to economic melt down if we leave with no deal! Please someone give him some expert advice &amp; spare us the fake news #Brexit
PARIS | Airports, customs, trade: Europe preps for a chaotic Brexit
Brexit The Final Countdown: Second vote now MORE likely than no deal warns Commons insider
Delingpole: Brexit Is Now Hanging by a Thread
When your Europe is only as big as brexit, nonsense so other defenders in Europe are crap abi, kimpembe et all nko, y'all should cut this shit
Was this what was agreed on the party conference? Labour will only consider second Brexit referendum if UK facing 'no-deal disaster', says Corbyn
Do you remember when Jihadi Jacob of the Brexit Taliban issued a Fatwah against #F1 #GridGirls? At least he is equal opportunities. Nicking jobs from men and women.
You my friend must take charge and follow thru #Brexit #BrexitVote
France #plans for no deal Brexit with customs and border recruitment - Daily Mail #recruitment #news
As far as #brexit is concerned I started as undecided. I listened too lots of debate and did a bit of reading/research myself before coming to my conclusion.
2 of the biggest losers in the world because of there views passsed down by elitism.
I saw #brexit as an opportunity for the country to press the reset button and start again. I see personally huge injustice and in balance in society and simply plodding along as we were doing would simply extend these.
#KEC2019 Former Taoiseach Bertie Ahern doesn’t think a second referendum is a straightforward result #brexit #brexitdebate
Well Tom, if only we had a media to hold them to account, as opposed to a hopelessly compromised media that facilitates such utter shite
With respect to Brexit we were told that we could take back control of... Money - UK is net giver into the budget. We pay a huge amount of money out and get only a fraction back. We then listen to govt tell us that they can't invest in improving issues above as there's no money.
A key concern relating to the Fisheries Bill is lack of consideration of #welfare and #Wellbeing of coastal communities linked to #fisheries. As said by this is not just a challenge for UK law and #Brexit, but international legislation around fisheries. #marsocsci gap?
Further evidence that the "will of the people" has changed. If only wasn't so stubborn... If you deliver Brexit it seems clear that you will alienate over 50% of the country. #PeoplesVote
think some used a little green book to go back and forth across the border before! #brexit
EU's Fear of a No-Deal Brexit Stench Is In The Air, but May Won't Seize Upon It:
The Catholics of northern Ireland are being ignored in this #Brexit fiasco.
can somebody help me with this. I have no clue what he's on about
No deal Brexit: No option for UK farmers
Add London to this please.
…in the eventuality of a no-deal Brexit (ten weeks tomorrow) the UK fishing industry would be able to export anything at all given the state of major export conduits? It's one thing to hope for an outcome - quite another to •guarantee one• in a manner that's truly accountable.
2008 Bank Crash caused 2% loss of UK GDP. That loss cost 10 years of austerity, homelessness, child poverty etc THUS FAR. BREXIT is forecast to lose between 2-10% MORE loss of UK GDP. -2% loss doubles austerity -10% loss COLLAPSES UK society/economy Why does WM support BREXIT?
Emmanuel Macron’s summation of Brexit: ‘The British people were sold a lie’ #stopbrexit
A Tory voter calling the SNP nasty? That’s hilarious. Can’t even come up with their own insults. As the SNP forms Scotland’s Government it is correct that they do all they can to protect Scotland from Brexit. After all as a country we overwhelmingly rejected Brexit.
Withdraw the whip.
Thread
The issue, as with most Brexit issues, is the failure of the UK government. We do not have the capacity to process the conversion of SM trade into trade put through the international process. If we had waited to trigger until we built that capacity, it would be another story.
£100,000 Surge In Donations To People's Vote Campaign After May's Brexit Deal Crushed
Yes Peter you're cottoning on! This is how EU works - by supporting infrastructure projects that would otherwise not get funded. Imagine the resources available to communities in post-brexit UK. With JRM &amp; co in charge it would be tax cuts all round - for the rich, of course!
Take a break from Brexit fretting to read this. Let it sink in. Indescribably brilliant. #boringnrexit
He's hit the nail on the head, thank you for this debacle
Labour must pursue a new Brexit deal, not a second referendum | Owen Jones Another delusional Corbynite...
Britain needs to borrow a USA hashtag. #WalkAway
Next week's Food Thinkers seminar with on Bittersweet #Brexit will discuss the role of human labour in food &amp; farming, &amp; the transition to a sustainable food system:
My brother is spot on...
Yes! Two and one half years is plenty long. #Brexit Now!
My fucking arse. Remain would be well over 60%
Her batteries a self charging. Maybot doesn't possess listening mode. It's a pretence mode where everyone's fooled into thinking it's listening when on stand &amp; nodding. Maybot Brexit mode is set &amp; not for reprogramming. It's her way or system malfunction &amp; self destruction.
Softer #Brexit? You can't a get softer Brexit than May's WA 'deal'! "What's proposed would leave Britain with all the duties, costs and obligations of membership, but with no voice, no vote &amp; no veto"!
PM May has wasted 2years of parliaments time and intends to bring about a no deal Brexit, if the PM was honest she would make the basis of any cross/party talks very clear.
More confirmation that 'Britain' is not the much loved, benificent world power the Brexiteers would have you believe.
Hi , You imposed a three-line whip on your party to trigger Article 50. If you had actually read it you would have seen it says that we leave after two years, with or without a deal. 498 MPs voted for this. Did you not know what you were voting for?
perhaps you'd like to use this to show your MP that leave voters have changed their minds on brexit
Brexit The Final Countdown: Second vote now MORE likely than no deal warns Commons insider
Britain's #Brexit leader: How will history judge Theresa May? - Al Jazeera English #leadership #news
The latest The Frank Aldorf Daily! Thanks to #brexit #leadership
Jezza is a true brexit hero and racist. #StandUp4Brexit
Do not insist he is a known coward
Nothing does with Brexit
With 71 days to Brexit, Jeremy Corbyn has launched his imaginary general election campaign
Lol great sign
It's nice he visited Hastings but, shouldn't he be back in London doing serious talking and trying tobsort this shit storm out instead of the usual rhetoric ? People are so so bored of Brexit and want what we voted for, not what MPs want !!!
Brexit: UK government plans vote on January 29
Just as you miss the points of dark money, electoral irregularities and the illegal use of social media metadata in the #Brexit vote. More manipulated than eager endorsement and again a tactic from British imperial days in their colonies.
It was covered on radio 4 yesterday afternoon and apparently not just brexit but of course brexit will make it far, far worse.
Only 27% of the electorate voted for Brexit.
If the Tory MPs allow that then, at the next opportunity, the Tory Party is dead.
Oh dear Mrs Merkel! Now you’re realising you need us.
So I pop online and I see today‘s hot take is “we don’t want a no-deal, but we don’t want Corbyn asking for promises of no-deal brexit.”
You would think it could not get any more farcical, but it has done so. She will talk to people with different views but will not listen. It’s my way or the highway she says. It is as if there had not been a defeat of historically humiliating proportions.
this appears to be exactly what I think about Brexit like oh my god isn't the answer back out how could it possibly be so hard - and yet it is...
All over the world, people are stepping up, demanding to be let free from the tyrannical globalists. “We want to govern our own country. We want to make our own laws, control our own borders… it’s very simple."
Delay to Brexit is inevitable, former UK PM Blair says | Reuters
BBC News - Brexit: France activates no-deal plan
Is now the best time to buy with the unertinty of #brexit
Sitting in the doctors waiting room listening to two older patients saying that they are glad they probably won’t live long enough to feel the impact of Brexit. They laughed cheerily. I didn’t want to tell them they are unlikely to escape #Brexit #NHS
no we would not all the powers would go to brussels
I can't fault this assessment. Tragically.
Its a question of degree not difference. A no deal brexit would be absolutely disastrous, May's deal would be relatively disastrous, but both are deals to leave the EU
How long can Corbyn hold out against a second referendum? #Brexit
Support for cancelling Brexit SOARS in wake ? or just the very fact #britain was never going to have it honour by because it was all a hoax &amp; abuse of office of self greed &amp; self purpose ?
Irish Foreign Minister and Tánaiste Simon Coveney has been caught on tape saying to Irish Transport Minister Shane Ross that checks on goods will be introduced in the event of a no deal Brexit, and even suggested that those checks “could be in the sea.”
This is funny, in a way, and it does raise an important point: Nowhere in Europe is there as much of a desire to move into the Mediterranean sunshine as in the UK. But all that depends on FoM and is hence incompatible with Brexit. Nobody mentions that.
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
Good stuff!
Going on to talk about - you guessed it - Brexit
And yet he is facilitating the very thing.....
Did I hear someone mention the will of the people? Support for Remain highest since referendum, Brexit poll finds
Brexit warning to Canadians that manufacturing political division has economic consequences #cdnpoli
I cant believe im saying this, but i agree with you here. No deal Brexit is going to be blocked by parliament, so the only thing left is another referendum or we dont leave the EU.
And BBC wants to stop paying for their TV licences.
German industry 'looking into the abyss' as Brexit fears mount
Blue-Wave CLASS PARASITES crawling from the woodwork. And it's nowhere near Spring! For the last 32-months the REMOANERS have conned &amp; bag-snatched but now they're going to cancel the holiday cruise that you've been so hoping would be at the end of it all.
Good piece, and a useful reminder that Norway+ would be a terrible outcome for the left
David is talking sense again. It will never catch on. Why Labour’s policy is bonkers...
Corbyn is an exception though, I personally think his call is an attempt to actually force through No-Deal, because he knows that removing it from the table would likely destroy the Tories from within, and if she doesn't, he gets what he wants - a hard Brexit.
She doesn't need a deal so why the softer Brexit? #LetsGoWTO
Brexit happens, it goes poorly, then to compound your national despair, sometime in early 2020, Her Majesty slips into a coma. As the nation mourns, uncertainty surrounds the Monarchy. 2/
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
A gentle Brexit we-don’t-agree-but-we-can-discuss-it chat with a patient turned sour when she suddenly said ‘my younger son is extremely right wing. He can cope with white foreigners like the polish but can’t stand the coloureds at all’ Could’ve cried.
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT
Update from living in germany: every time I say I'm English the response is usually sympathetic x #Brexit
Brexit chaos looms after Jeremy Corbyn rejects Theresa May's call for talks
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
OTT Theresa's crazy but she isn't a suspected Islamic terror cell
Which Brexit campaigners/prominent British Brexit advocates aren’t personally based in the UK? As in have a home here? Are ordinarily domiciled here?
Sorry Britain, but Remainers are in control of all the main parties. They will ignore the will of the people. #Brexit
Do not forget your Green Card if its a no deal Brexit #ireland
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
The latest The Ad Nauzeum Daily! Thanks to #ats #brexit
I'm thinking you guys will argue about for a hundred years!
So Labours position is to stay in the single market and customs union.
My Country is a Joke now. I am embarrassed to call myself a Brit, or am, I still classed as European? Difficult to know these day's. Treasonous May has made a total mess of Brexit. We have mass homelessness (myself being one of them) our NHS is falling apart, we are miserable.
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
I understand if people vehemently disagree with Blair on Brexit, but just screaming Iraq is pointless. Surely it’s more productive to counter his Brexit musings with a positive argument about why he is wrong. The man won three elections so it’s not like he’s under qualified.
Great article in Guardian... a semi brexit. Is
Lyons is going to see a price hike if there is a no-deal #Brexit. But our girl is more of a Barry Tea drinker, so she's not that bothered. Plus side? All the tea chat caused us to deep dive into old Barry's Tea ads and here are our top five.
Hello lib dems I see you are working with the Tories now, so who's enabling Brexit now?
Every tweet on the Twitter Page of Channel 4 journalist Matt Frei is Anti Brexit Isn't this bias the ultimate Establishment #fakenews!
The death of Brexit
This is disgusting. Gratified that people have died with more to follow just so that you can pursue your vision of our country. You are all that is wrong about the Brexit debate.
Why the left must unite against Brexit | openDemocracy
New post: "Brexit, Agnello Hornby: "E' un collasso" "
Theresa May survives vote, but Britain remains in Brexit deadlock
My #Brexit solution. . Unedited. Remain camp; , . Leave camp; , , . Representing the British people (for some flavor); .
This is brilliant
So I pop online and I see today‘s hot take is “we don’t want a no-deal, but we don’t want Corbyn asking for no no-deal brexit.”
My word you are so out of touch and ill informed on Brexit and what is happening I can't even begin to explain it. It's painful to read. Honestly it's painful.
Enter sandman, brexit light. #brexitsongs
MP Peter Bone ”deliver the #Brexit people votes for”.... What exactly was that? Surly if Parliament can agree it has to go back to the people #PeoplesVoteNow
In the Dáil chamber with Tanaiste giving TDs an update on Ireland's #brexit preparedness - you can watch live by clicking the following link -
Corbyn will take even more seats of the SNP at the next G.E. The nats know that and do not want a GE. Brexit will not help indy 2 as we will be out of the EU anyway, only the cult do not believe this. And even their flock is dwindling .
'the EGTC allows public bodies in different member states to come together under a new entity with a full legal personality and is designed to ‘facilitate and promote territorial cooperation' 1/
the magazine belatedly lamented last month, “is governed by a self-involved clique that rewards group membership above competence and self-confidence above expertise.” In Brexit, the British “chumocracy,” the column declared, “has finally met its Waterloo.”
So Boles Bill is about Art 50 extension NOT revocation acc to this article citing Oliver Letwin. cc
how is a decline in GDP of 0.2% in the event of a *disorderly* no-deal Brexit in any way realistic whatsoever? is Larry Elliott on crack?!
Philip Hammond faces Cabinet backlash over no-deal Brexit as ministers say he is a 'rogue element'
It appears one of the options is to have a second referendum and vote again. Holy Hell—I wish that were an option here. A terrible mistake was made with Trump. Lets have a new election RIGHT NOW. May’s Brexit Deal Failed. What Happens Now? via
2014 Scottish Referendum. Sharing positions with the Tories is anathema to a large swathe of Labour voters. A recent poll said that Labour's support would drop to 26% if they helped May deliver Brexit. And to those people who say Labour should be more high minded. If Brexit tbc
#cybersecurity #talent by countries and Industry #infosecjobs #CyberAttack #Malware #Ransomware #Cyberwarning #SpyWare #Tech #Technology #Infographics #AI #iot #Infographic #FutureofWork MT RT RT
Does a 16th century Jesuit have the key to unlocking progress on Brexit in the Commons?
Corbyn has come to the scene a bit late, has been too engrossed in trying to get brexit through. I think he realises now a GE would be catastrophic for him, he has gone too "ukip" for the country to try &amp; please a small group of the membership. History repeating itself
Appearing on Russia Today too. Can’t get more plastic patriot than that. #InPutinsPocket #Gammon
ok read it here then it is the government saying in case of no deal those FTAs are out. waiting for you to balance it with Brexit side good news on future FTAs (I have Switzerland already)
David's apt description of Brexit is the best part of this tweet. The descent into rabble rousing racism is the worst part.
Deliver a WTO Brexit while telling EU we will welcome a FTA as soon as they are ready. Simple!
Every tweet on the Twitter Page of Channel 4 journalist Matt Frei is Anti Brexit Isn't this bias the ultimate Establishment #fakenews!
BBCNews : RT BBCPolitics: "Jeremy Corbyn has been quite happy in the past to talk to Hamas, Hezobollah... I find it extraordinary he's not prepared to go and meet the prime minister" Labour's Mike Gapes urges his party leader to hold #Brexit talks …
But revoking A50 doesn't prevent a future government from delivering Brexit if it chooses to.
Tactics not fear. She’s been ignoring him, in fact everyone’s opinion for two years and totally got away with it. Brexit shouldn’t be about political parties, in my opinion that is the issue here.
This will obviously never happen but it’s a fascinating thesis.
It is my belief that the Tories would have rebelled and voted against Theresa May if the alternative was not Jeremy Corbyn. To most of the Commons, Jeremy Corbyn is worse than a no-deal Brexit.
Despite nearly everybody from all sides thinking #brexit is a bloody mess; It appears our political establishment is struggling with the art of compromise.? How about we pause, #RevokeA50 use citizens assemblies and in 2 years offer a #FinalSay ref with a more informed public.?
Who is the most committed non-committed person dealing with Brexit¿ Surely it has to be Corbyn. Has anyone heard him definitively commit to any specific policy in the last 3 years¿
Brexit: France activates no-deal plan - BBC News
Brexit: France activates no-deal plan - BBC News
The latest The Export Times! Thanks to #brexit #tradetalks
Frankly repulsive but then I find Toynbee pretty repulsive now. Her efforts to tar anyone who voted Brexit as far right is stupid, crass and factually incorrect.
Corbyn blasted for refusing to enter Brexit talks ‘he’ll talk to Hezbollah but not May… #Brexit #ClickBait
"Jeremy Corbyn has been quite happy in the past to talk to Hamas, Hezobollah... I find it extraordinary he's not prepared to go and meet the prime minister" Labour's Mike Gapes urges his party leader to hold #Brexit talks with Theresa May
No surprises here.
Philip Hammond tells business no-deal Brexit will be stopped | Politics
I’m sure this made its way to Europe?
The Brexit debate in Parliament. I hope this suitably enhances your collection of bad jokes.
I heard Tony Blair on Radio 4 this morning. He was ok, Brexit chat with John Humphries, then Hump went hunting for the Corbyn soundbite, pushed Blair, Blair nodded, Humphries wet himself, said HE'S NODDING, then cut straight to the news, the headline was 'Blair Hates Corbyn' etc.
This is a very nice summary of the state of play in the UK
#UK business leaders fear of chaos as deal for #Brexit was rejected #bpa #eu
Love the ‘No alternative given’ entry. Probably the most ridiculous position but most honest one at the same time. They just don’t know. If in doubt throw Brexit out, might be with considering.
We had 2 budgets after Brexit, chancellor admits taxes need to be raised, government studies says public spending will be damaged, growth in the economy has slowed since Brexit and many jobs have been lost and we haven’t even left! Besides we all know Remain campaign was awful!
Sums Brexit up quite well I think.
Down the gym. Some twat is going on about Brexit and needs a smack.
None of you have a clue. Put it back to the people, it’s us who will have to put up with the consequences. The PM’s Deal, No deal or Remain all need to be on the ballot.
Can we have a peoples vote as it is called (don't know what the 17.4 million that voted leave are? sounds like a job for David Attenborough ) to sack all MPs in parliament and elect 650 different ones that will carry out the will of the people and get us out of EU please. #brexit
Needs fixing Brexit.The problem is we could do with a new party instead of just the conservatives and labour.Corbyn shout out that Brexit is no good but doesn't tell us what he would do because he hasn't a clue.May is carrying out wishes of the referendum that Cameron called for
Wrong on all counts. May's deal was rejected because it's worse than Remain. We couldn't vote through May's deal then simply set it aside - that would be both dishonourable &amp; impractical. And this is not our "one chance to ever leave". Leaving is inevitable; only when is in qstn.
the psycho wants to Nuke women and children so do not think for even a second she thinks about starving children in Britain or people surviving on the streets #Brexit
Can't wait!!! Just hope I won't be stopped at the border #Brexit
Box prepares for Brexit with new U.K. cloud zone
Should I Buy A House? The Truth About Brexit And Property Prices -
There's just been a poll in Scotland showing 56% want an independence poll if Brexit happens. They clearly only want it because they're going to vote for it. Come to Scotland !
Serious question amongst #Brexit stuff. Our ability to travel in Europe depends on this blue badge issued by but valid in #EU Will it remain valid? If not what can we do or are we stuck? Any suggestions ?
says what I said at the time of the #Brexit ref'. There are many reasons to #Leave. Problem is we simply don't have the caliber of MPs available to do the job well. It's complicated business -our system &amp; leaders have, for a long time, simply not been up to the job.
Investors are entering 2019 in a climate of caution &amp; uncertainty, amidst concerns over US-China trade tensions, Brexit &amp; monetary policy. In our latest insight article, looks at the year ahead &amp; evaluates investment trends
just speculating.... UK will do new election and will kepp inside the EU! Brexit = economic self destruction.
This feels like a bad joke...
What’s happening? Delusional politician imagines that in 2016 17m people voted for the red lines for Brexit invented since the referendum. There was no manifesto. There is no mandate. #cannotreadanymorenews
Labour has a Brexit plan, and also told May what to get from Brussels so Labour can support the deal in his conference speech.
We don't want more time, parliament voted that we leave on the 29th March 2019. #Brexit
So Al you support a second ref on brexit ( no mandate for that yet), while opposing a second ref on Indy despite a democratic mandate from the Scottish electorate and the Scottish parliament!!! Can you explain that position.
‘This obscure law could save us from May's Brexit deadlock’
brexit talks
The more I read about Brexit the more I just think.. wow
Keep up the good work don't have confidence in many politicians but ur one i certainly do brexit means leave
Brexit is a nationalist fantasy. Bring on the #peoplesvote
#Brexit Will Brussels give the UK more time? via
May will stick to Brexit 'principles' in cross-party talks, says No 10 Then what is the point?
How to write a fuck you article that the will publish
It said on the news that it was partly a result of uncertainty over Brexit but I take your point that we should have built it ourselves
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
This one'll get the #gammons hopping. #Brexit
I finally understand Brexit. Look how simple that was.
Thats not Brexit is it Diane. Stick to numbers, you're good at that #CorbynFlipFlop #NeedAClue
[NICHE BREXIT TWEET] I always idly fantasised about living in a hawksley workman song and am slightly annoyed its going to be the part in Ilfracombe about the fascists [END NICHE TWEET]
To avoid more brexit news, I took to the hills today; nice day in the Brecon Beacons:
Tell MPs: work cross-party to fix Brexit. Add your name now via
UK demand for credit cards and mortgages is collapsing as Brits brace themselves for the shock of Brexit via
Should have had a cross party committee to negotiate/plan Brexit from the word go IMO. It's too big to play party politics with.
Just got off a.flight and saw the headline in the Independent saying, "Labour will only consider new Brexit referendum if UK is facing 'no-deal disaster', says Corbyn"
Know your place simple crofter, Brexit is for real politicians.
Meanwhile Businesses are being left to make some very difficult decisions as Tory Mps put themselves first. #Justsaying
What happens with Brexit delayed and no extra seats?
This is from a Labour MP (am now awaiting attacks from Corbyn apologists - who behave like Trump’s followers in the US...no criticism is ever allowed of their great leader!)
In your head, maybe.
Macron you do know Britain &amp; the British People did manage to get by a day or two BEFORE the EU. #idiot
Worth reminding folk what we could be heading for if traitor gets her way. All MPs should beware as voters have long memories and Google just keeps on giving.
Twitter lawyer in confusing legally binding for political will shocker. Labour want a customs union. As do half the cabinet. That has a majority in the Commons. Thanks.
Does a 16th century Jesuit have the key to unlocking progress on Brexit in the Commons?
BREAKING: Hamas, Hezobollah, IRA and Skeletor have put forward a Brexit deal that's better than May's
WHY? OK. One/ UK keeps it seat on the security Council which the UN wants. Two/ UK keeps its £ which we would have to give up by remaining in EU. Three/ UK can make it's own trade deals World Wide without asking EU permission. Four/ UK keeps control of its own armed forces.
With 71 days to Brexit, Jeremy Corbyn has launched his imaginary general election campaign
5. If the PM can get enough of her MPs, Labour MPs &amp; DUP to back leaving on WTO rules with a timely Canada Plus Deal, then it would be prudent to have a prominent Brexiteer as Brexit Minister plus the best Legal brain as advisor.
Just empty bs from Labour. It’s not a Brexit strategy we might as well stay in the EU so why not back a people’s vote. Failed to oust May Failed to oust the Tories, won’t discuss Brexit with PM...what’s left on the table??? oops #peoplesvote oh no we don’t want more democracy!
News Remainer Chancellor Tells Big Business MPs Will Stop Clean Brexit in Leaked Call
Surely your absurd precondition to talks just makes a no deal outcome more rather than less likely!
News Delingpole: Brexit Is Now Hanging by a Thread
Hard or soft #Brexit is a lose/lose situation for both UK and EU. Biggest gainer in Europe is Russia just because the whole political pressure is of its shoulders. #Crisis
Brexit enabling Vince Cable!
Uh, sir, could we talk about that price a little further? Let my talk to my manager and see if we can get that new car approved for you. Merkel is weakening, the deal is still in play, at the least.
British PM May wins confidence vote, calls on MPs to work together to deliver Brexit – Hindustan Times
There may well be an early General Election, but it will be the Tories who take the initiative. This debate is about Brexit. We need a Brexit specific solution. Time for a People's Vote.
New post (EUR/USD: Three Flaws For The Euro) has been published on - is sliding down due to a slower GDP growth, trade wars and uncertainty around Brexit. The euro to... -
Possibly he's a little worried that in 'talks' he wouldn't be able to simply read everything from a piece of paper... (?) #JeremyCorbyn #PMQs #NeverLooksUpFromHisPreparedScript
I’m starting to think it’s all worth it just for the description ‘brexit boogaloo’
I think that Brexit should be cancelled. We've tried it &amp; it just doesn't work. The £39bn divorce bill cash (that we pay even if we leave with a deal or no deal) should be used to heal &amp; re-unite the country again with health, education, transport &amp; community projects etc.
Why do liberals and right wingers spend their time attacking Corbyn when he isn't in charge of Brexit, didn't ask for Brexit and isn't negotiating? You spend far more time doing that than attacking the people in charge, people you LibDems put there. Strange.
#Brexit, 5 y/o at breakfast, or both? EU, or me: We have [A, B, or C]. UK, or 5 y/o: No. EU, or me: No to what? UK, or 5 y/o: No. EU, or me: Are you going to tell me what you want? UK, or 5 y/o: No. EU, or me: So I need to just guess until I say what you want? UK, or 5 y/o: Yes.
The tide seems to have turned and the momentum gathers for no brexit in the absence of any respected alternative, as far as I can gather.
Rare to see the former PM lost for words
EU / Barnier: Remains determined to work on a Brexit deal #forex #finance #trading #news #markets #economics #investing #fx
Welp, all hopes on now?
I think it's fair to say he gives the Brexiteer strain 'both barrels' in this one...
And right there is the issue with the FBPE extremists. They don't want ANY Brexit deal to work. They don't want ANY compromise. Anything that is proposed, they will try to destroy.
They have crowded around her because they believe in what nicola says and she's a genius but powerless in this brexit scenario until she announces independence date!
That feeling when even your US university starts sending you emails on Brexit...
Brexit is impossible. And always was. Doesn’t matter what happens now (though no deal still easily the most likely outcome). Those who bought years of unending chaos in the U.K. and by extension the EU and by extension the world have already got exactly what they paid for.
All of this is another big con. No such thing as "no deal Brexit" - things would automatically revert to World Trade Organization protocols.
It is the same stance they take with the EU, they want the other side always to compromise &amp; can't understand why they won't. No understanding of how to make deals #Brexit
I’ve written an article for on #brexit and #efta
But if May's deal gets the least votes at first, then it is a straight No Brexit-No Deal split.
lucky for the Tories they have libdems and dup to prop them up. Feeling hopeless now. I will vote Brexit in a peoples vote although i was an emphatic remainer. Now i'm more educated about the Eu i would vote Brexit. But this gov makes everything stay the same
Politics is extremely volatile at the moment, and Brexit is the great unknown factor. But as things stand I predict that if there were a GE, Labour under Corbyn would 'win' in that it would be at least the largest party. These figures suggest he has more chance than e.g. Cooper.
but where does that leave her with the DUP after Brexit deal is agreed?
fucking genius
Jeremy Corbyn wants government to rule out no-deal Brexit | Dailytube
'This can include the provision of investment, public services and other cross border agreements and running public transport services, hospitals, managing development projects, exchanging good practices.'
Brexit: France activates no-deal plan - BBC News via
Mary Poppins hunts zombies in a post-Brexit apocalypse in kinda plausible ‘Late Show’ sketch
eh YOU try #swim in FROZEN thames to..yknow.. wash off.. after POOP in FROZEN #brexit-land ;)
France activates no-deal Brexit plan
Tony Blair: No deal Brexit 'catastrophic' for UK - Parliament needs to stop playing party political games and give us a #PeoplesVote. Or just #RevokeArticle50 altogether (have to ask EU for an extension otherwise). #SaveTheUK from May's/Corbyn's egos!
Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’
£58 for the EU. £175 for "Government administration." Smaller government, keep the EU. #Brexit sorted. Please can I get invited to #10 or the citizens' assembly.
Remember back in December when Corbyn came out with a pro-brexit piece in the guardian article and half of Twitter melted with rage? I choose to learn from that and never give him the benefit of doubt.
Hey / - great newsletter on Brexit and referendums risks. Has Corbyn actually called for a second referendum? My understanding is that he's currently under pressure to do so, but has yet to take that position:
And if you want to talk about over-reach, this is the over-reach that you should be worried about
All the noise about Brexit is tedious in the extreme so this is my only contribution. The point being pushed around on there being no consensus in Parliament I think is probably untrue.
The issue conserning most people re brexit is lack of meaningful information. As someone once said "without data your just another person with an opinion" I wonder if politicians don't have the data or believe the public are incapable of understanding it. Probably the former.
I support most of the time, but I think they are being treated as fools by . She has already lied to them once in Parliament over no regulatory border in the Irish Sea. May is still pursuing her rejected #Brexit deal. #MayMustGo
Mary Poppins hunts zombies in a post-Brexit apocalypse in kinda plausible ‘Late Show’ sketch
Mary Poppins hunts zombies in a post-Brexit apocalypse in kinda plausible ‘Late Show’ sketch
France activates no-deal Brexit plan
Like WTF !
The obvious conclusion to draw from shooting down the deal and ruling out "no deal", then, is "no Brexit", is it not?
Yes. I know people who 'did all of that before the EU' but the EU has rules and regs that weren't there either. Post Brexit we stay in 2019 we don't revert to 1975 or before. Plastic carrier bags used to be free and smoking in pubs was ok. Rules change, past moves on.
France activates no-deal Brexit plan
Puts Brexit in perspective.
So, what am wrong about ? Brexit (which I voted for) or the dislike of this politician ? (Yellow vest)
True. But even though people are bored of it, Brexit still ranks in polls as being seen as by far the most important issue facing the country (more so than all other issues combined in one of the most recent ones).
If we leave the EU in March without signing a deal, we would not be “crashing out” or “falling off a cliff”. Nor would it be accurate to describe this as a “hard” Brexit.
A no deal Brexit with the Tories still in charge will effectively be a coup. It will enable them to sell the rest of the country to the highest bidder.
I really don't understand what's happening with #Brexit why would it be so terrible to leave ? #confused
Labour policy on Brexit: it’s a mess of contradictions
Keep it up . #Brexit is a #Tory mess and as for self interest, that is in the job description. is now a worldwide joke.... leave her to it.. #ToriesOut #PartyOfSelfIndulgence
Irrelevant what the membership want in the context of the current Brexit predicament A) the EU are understandably unlikely to let us spend any more time negotiating a deal from a completely different starting point B) Unless labour’s Brexit policy changes they won’t get elected
Does a 16th century Jesuit have the key to unlocking progress on Brexit in the Commons?
This thread is brilliant... Brexit is a clusterfuck of Herculean proportion, a shitshow held in a flaming dumpster on the crazy train, and it's only just beginning. This is what happens when populism wins out over sound thinking, and the world should learn from it.
Brexit, Huawei, Gay Penguins: Your Wednesday Briefing
Aptly titled by the writer!! Brexit: an "escape" room with no escape
May’s Brexit Deal Failed. What Happens Now? - The New York Times
come on Jeremy "Rise Like A Lion From Your Slumber" and get off the sodding fence. Time to back the People's Vote, it's your only remaining leverage. #Brexit
'Remainer Phil' Tells Corporates MPs Will Stop Clean Brexit in Leaked Call via
Key point from The #FisheriesBill effectively applies the concept of relative stability (based on historical catch records) to the distribution of #fishing opportunities (quotas) within it's own waters &amp; fleets #Brexit #fisheries
The UK post Brexit?
No. I agree with him most of the time, but not on Brexit.
They should have a new vote on whether to have a new vote on Brexit
Cause Corbyn is Pro brexit
#GoodMorningBritain host Susanna Reid unleashes Brexit RANT after chaotic vote week #GMB
'Am I going to be that person in the disaster movie who is laughing saying everyone is over reacting, who ends up dead when the disaster finally hits?' Are you surprised people are #prepping for #Brexit ?
Labour &amp; others couldn't negotiate themselves out of a paper bag!
Hi , You imposed a three-line whip on your party to trigger Article 50. If you had actually read it you would have seen it says that we leave after two years, with or without a deal. 498 MPs voted for this. Did you not know what you were voting for?
It was clear then and clear now. Once in a generation, there will be no #SecondReferendum. #Brexit #StandUp4Brexit #SDP #BrexitBetrayal #BrexitVote
The obvious, sensible choice is to provide a compromise that satisfies as many of the people in the top three categories as possible.
Brexit is affecting my mental health. Can you imagine the effect on the mental health of EU citizens living in the UK, and British migrants to EU countries. The stress is appalling. Are you bothered? I suspect not.
The #Resistance #ResistTrump movement is seriously unhinged to believe anything Democrats &amp; Globalist say. They wanted this lady in power. SHARE &amp; RETWEET THE TRUTH #MuellerInvestigation #MAGA #qanon #Trump #Brexit
I’ve said it 100 times and I’ll keep saying it: British politics is so much more entertaining than US politics, even with Trump in the mix
Brexit. Corbyn : « Theresa May doit abandonner ses lignes rouges »
Army Reservists are placed on stand-by from February 10 for no deal Brexit
Many feel Charles should not ascend as regent or king, so when he claims it there is popular outcry. Prince William asserts that he, rather than his father, should ascend to the throne. Adding to the Brexit mess, Charles is for Brexit of some sort and William against. 3/
Pound Australian Exchange Rate News: GBP/AUD Steady As May Calls For Cross-Party Brexit Talks – Exchange Rates UK – Australian Dollar
It is if you like fresh food or work in food industry or any type of manufacturing or retail that relies on EU supply chains or you want to be able to afford things...
Politicians are set to debate Brexit again this month
"When something necessary but unpopular must be done, such as raising taxes, they move the responsibility on to the people who stand to suffer, who have no reason to lie, no votes to win, no need to pretend that they hold all the answers." #CitizensAssembly
"Theresa in Wonderland" - everything upside down!
TechRepublic: RT ZDNet: No-deal Brexit will hurt us and we're not ready, say tech companies by steveranger
Opinion | The Malign Incompetence of the British Ruling Class
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
Along side “they’re want the same hard brexit.” Some Olympic gold cognitive gymnastics there
Why oakenshott should not be in bbc:
Rather, it would be a clean Brexit, a full Brexit, a true Brexit, in contrast to the half-baked non-Brexit proposed by Mrs May
The SNP spoke to her last night and have since written to her outlining there position so it will be #indy2 for us the way this is panning out. TM doesn’t support Brexit either which is the most ironic stance ever for someone pushing this crap on us. Politicians are pathetic
, , , - could you guys ask/ find out? In all the frenzied debate, the whole "*Brexit is at least partially tainted by criminal activity* - let's hold fire for a sec before we bin the UK" bit seems to be being overlooked...
You instructed us to come together 2.5 years ago and then ignored 48% of us, along with every other party and much of your own. Now again you instruct us to come together again on this false premise that British people “overwhelmingly” want you to deliver Brexit. They don’t.
#BREXIT options: #PlanB #SecondReferendum #NoBrexit = #ExitFromBrexit #GeneralElection #NoDeal &amp; #GoWTO
Whatever would happen with a Peoples vote I believe it would solve the issue of Brexit one way or another and we can then concentrate on making the case for a Labour government. Not dealing with that issue and allowing it to continue will constantly poison Labours arguments.
How are you going to answer the charge whenever you bring up any point that you were invited to discuss brexit but refused to attend.
Noting to do with Brexit. Stop lying.
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
Do you really wanna compete with latin armys
Every tweet on the Twitter Page of journalist is Anti-Brexit. Despite Brexit winning the National Referendum Isn't this bias the ultimate Establishment #fakenews!
As a windae cleaner in the most unionist and europhile city in Scotland n speak to many customers and members of the public I've lost count of the number of "I voted no in 2014 but definite yes in #indyref2 due to #brexit " indy is coming the polls are FAKE NEWS #DissolveTheUnion
Interesting piece from Pankaj Mishra on how Brexit is partition coming home to roost.
'Remainer Phil' Tells Corporates MPs Will Stop Clean Brexit in Leaked Call via
This way he gets to blame the Tories for any negativity over a No-Deal Brexit, while actually getting what he wants - a clean break that allows him to more easily push his ideals if he was to become PM.
TBH you could see this coming a long long way off.
My thoughts too, very sensible opinions on democracy and Brexit.
Use our widget to see how your MP voted in last night's no confidence vote
so scared of leaving the #Conservatives or do I mean #DUP in the lurch? Nothing to stop her throwing a sickie &amp; then malingering so that one of the others is forced to accept responsibility - the woman has no imagination as demonstrated by her 'ambitious' #Brexit proposals
There's a global slowdown I don't think anybody will be immune from its effects that includes the U.K., the difference is we can ill afford it with Brexit on the horizon. If we are going to leave the EU let's do it from a position of strength for God's sake. A No Deal is crazy.
It is both shocking and depressing that it seems that what's really motivating leave voters to carry on supporting this idiotic #Brexit is a slew of bizarre conspiracy theories.
Anyone who endorses this is condoning violence against women. He must retract it.
The truth that no one dares speak, #Brexit has revealed that the EU stick together as one and that Britain has divided into a myriad of street gangs all in an all out turf war
Had Remain won by the same margin they would have been more than happy! But they lost by a clear margin not a million or so people but the majority of those who were motivated to vote #Brexit
The Brexit stalemate in the UK and the partial Govt shut down in the US are issues that require quick resolutions if 2019 growth forecast for major players in the economies are to be achieved. Let all major contenders agree on a Win -Win approach.
On the upside; I do believe it will deliver a true brexit - and much closer to a FTA which remainers are so desperate to avoid! They do this by saying “no deal can’t be on the 2nd referendum” it must be remain or bremain - if they are going to do it do it properly and fairly!
My fears: falling onto train tracks, someone stopping me on the street to ask me what's happening with Brexit
Not too difficult to figure out in a thread about #Brexit I fancy
Tell MPs: work cross-party to fix Brexit. Add your name now via
What about the Tory Austerity, Tory #Brexit And Tory stockpiling medicine in the vane hope of dealing with expected shortages? #Nevertrustatory
As tiring as Brexit is, the tiresome tiredness people have about it is worse. It may seem nothing is happening, and even when it does, it won't save us immediately; but the history of Britain always moved forward in small steps and increments. We need to stop being so tired.
I realize I'm not one to talk (being an American and all), but the way the UK media talks about Brexit/Boris Johnson is fucking delusional
Investors’ Attention Is Still Focused on Brexit #Forex #FX #Macro # Commodities #Trading #Investing #Stocks #Bonds
This would mean that taking a meaningful stance at Brexit (for or against) is completely secondary to Corbyn. All he cares is having GE. It is quite clear now that if there was an opposition of any sense in Britain, it could challenge the government and try to cancel Brexit.
Not our problem... You made the bed... Lie in it...
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via #NYT The New York Times
Fed up with it all? Politics? Brexit? One of the biggest messages we could give the politicians right now is to un-follow ALL their accounts. Pull the plug on idiocy, go deaf to the smugness, halt the spread of disinformation &amp; more Brexit untruths. Rt if you agree
Delingpole: Brexit Is Now Hanging by a Thread via
Use our widget to see how your MP voted in last night's no confidence vote
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times #news #article #buzz #content #rt #follow
SNP and the greens get 4.6% of the votes in 2017 and both demand that their version of Brexit wins???? There is something wrong with our MP's, they all should be ashamed, especially Labour!!
Finely crafted essay, lucid and a pleasure to read, perhaps re-read. #bookmarking
Labour stood on Manifesto "Out of the Customs Union" "Out of the single market" they get 40% of the votes, yet their MP's want to water Brexit down so much that we don't actually leave??? All Labour voters need to re examine where they place their mark at next election!!!
Is this the kind of opinion where those of us who disagree are accused of "knowing better than?" No judgement just a different view.
Britain PM meets MPs to chart way for Brexit
Yes, as Brexit referendum was premised upon the agreement of a deal, not no deal. If she can't negotiate a deal then she can legitmately go back to the electorate to ask, do you want to leave with no deal?
Is the Brexit debate, the yellow vests, etc, really a case of class war? Unusual point of view.
His wife makes it quite clear that the Bercows are not a Brexit loving family as she has an anti-Brexit sticker on her car and pulls faces from the public gallery of the House Of Commons.
If you’re a Writer in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a disaster for you. If you live in London then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this fiasco! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
ACCA responds to parliamentary vote on Brexit withdrawal agreement
The mistake is to see revocation as tantamount to deciding not to deliver Brexit. Revoking A50 wouldn't prevent JC or a future Tory leader from seeking to deliver Brexit if they had the support. It would just be an acknowledgement that this negotiation has failed.
Does a 16th century Jesuit have the key to unlocking progress on Brexit in the Commons?
Saturday 19 January is ‘cross-over’ day. The 17.4 million who voted Leave in 2016 no longer exist. A recent YouGov poll suggests that the UK is now pro-Remain. This is the real ‘will of the people’ and the reason May won’t agree to a #People’s Vote
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
The EGTC can be established by two or more member states. The Regulation also allows the inclusion of third party states that are not part of the EU.
‘Remainer Phil‘ Tells Corporates MPs Will Stop Clean Brexit in Leaked Call via
. We have been campaigning for 2 years to #FreeNazanin and unfortunately it seems is only interested in #Brexit. When will this government really communicate with #Iran to bring our girls home?
I've made up my mind (no brexit), unlike who is doing everything he can to avoid taking a position on this mess.
You used to know what the national interest was, you no longer appear to. Clue, it's not brexit.
And in tomorrow’s instalment the thinking mans hairdresser will sort out the brexit mess
It's an absolute shit show, they want to block a clean brexit, they want to try to push punitive financial legislation that makes a clean brexit smooth as possible , they want a second referendum before we've even left after the first one. It's disgraceful.
We have had plenty of coverage of Brexit in the Media. Her speech was live on BBC 2 so there was a choice. Does anyone 75 and over read your newspaper. As popular as the Sun in liverpool
Industry experts, including 's EVP Chief Growth Officer, Margaret Wagner, share their views on Bellwether Q4 2018 report, asking whether Brexit is to blame, or if its a cyclical market slow down. Read here: #MediaSpend #IPABellwether
If anyone thinks this govt shutdown is over a wall u r insane. What does Putie want, chaos in US/UK (democ/NATO, etc), look at what is happening in US/UK today….Chaos!! Brexit/2018 election part of same attack by RuS (CH/SA). TSa,CG,DHS, FAA,ATC, Fbi 27 days!!!
No, the reason why he's not negotiating Brexit is the DUP and Tory lickspittles who voted to keep the mad PM in power.
It was. The figure was incorrect and because of the damage brexit has done to the UK economy there is no dividend to spend on the NHS; instead we lose £500m a week.
His Excellency at work.
Yep. It's all part of the conspiracy to stop Brexit by the men in grey suits who really run our country.
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
This. Here’s the path forward. Moreover, this path forward honors what voters wanted for two generations: more devolution. Or in American terms, a federalised UK.
They should have a new vote on whether to have a new vote on Brexit
blame at one specific political party and ultimately one religion and region of the UK is a very dangerous and irresponsible thing, especially given the poisonous climate that Brexit has become. I have read during the past 2 years many many people blaming NI for Brexit woes and..
ARE THEY TOTALLY BONKERS??? #RevokeArticle50 #StopBrexitSaveBritain from this charade of governing. British army reservists called up to help prepare for no-deal Brexit
If my divorce had gone on for this long, I'd have probably have said yes to anything, just to bring it to a conclusion. #Brexit (Also looking forward to the day the B word no longer appears on my timeline).
If British people want "Brexit" so badly, then why did they agree to join the E.U. in the first place? by Martin Blyth
Basically Tories can't understand why decent people (that realise the damaging greed &amp; resulting wickedness they're producing) don't want to meet &amp; facilitate Tories!
Brexit: France activates no-deal plan -
So far this has cost us in Scotland £500,000.
Shocking. Not shocking. #Brexit #WTAF
Tory MP pledges second referendum amendment to May's Brexit plan
'Remainer Phil' Tells Corporates MPs Will Stop Clean Brexit in Leaked Call via
The one in charge
#ChristAllBrexit Crystal Ball Has Spoken!Whatever ur stance be4,WE MUST REVERSE BREXIT, whether it means farting The Speaker Over in the Chamber,Pot ty Rees Mogg gettin iz nose hairs set fire to or Whatever!! Britain is in Great Danger!! Do it, or Fart urself far rite/civil war!!
Honey, she can stop a no deal Brexit if she wants. She refuses to do so because it helps put the nation in a gambling position and forces their hand. It's precisely why Jeremy is refusing to talk unless a No Deal scenario is ruled out.
The counter to that is u can only respect the result if u know what the result meant and as both Gove &amp; BOJO have perfectly demonstrated two different leave voters can have two VERY different views on what Brexit actually meant. Amazing PV campaigners aren’t pointing this out
Let's face it the term gammon fits. About 18 months ago my gammon Essex cousin said the NI border is nothing to do with the Irish. I replied I'm not sure. His father wore the shamrock on Paddys day ffs. We are good friends, just avoid Brexit as they go off on one it's barking.
Brexit, mother of all messes - Britain’s crisis
Good on you'e Caroline, someone must talk sense to this stubborn people #StopBrexit
Establishment (deep state) is civil servants most of the media,most MP’s in cahoots with the EU All remainers working to stop Brexit You won’t see it not because it’s not happening but because you don’t want to. You won’t appreciate democracy until you don’t have it Wake up
Who wasn’t? You think having a plan on what Brexit will or should look like has nothing to do with the people who were telling the country Brexit would be a good idea? Seriously? The Tory party led both sides of the debate! #FailingToPlanIsPlanningToFail
The disrespect that Cherry shows for the Scottish Parliament here is quite something
#TonyBlair recognised that the need for stability, for the United Kingdom and indeed for the entire world, he said he would be providing this, and he did. This is not to make any claim whatsoever that Tony Blair is, or replaces our Saviour and he agrees with this. #BRexit #UK
Unwanted by who willie? You?
We all know someone with that bad
Don't know who is tweeting in CLP's name but you do talk rubbish and it devalues all of us. It's stupid promoting manifesto day after no confidence vote failed meaning GE is years away. Focus on Brexit, duh! Conference required Corbyn to go for PV at this point-where is he? Jerk
The peoples vote WAS no deal Brexit
At least our counterparts across the sea are suffering as well.
May Survives No Confidence Vote despite Killed EU – UK Brexit Deal
Worth reading alongside 's piece today, arguing the Lexit debate becoming increasingly irrelevant
If #Brexit goes through in any form, the United Kingdom may see successions of Scotland and Northern Ireland to the EU.
A tiring week of #brexit for the British Parliament and for the #journalists as well... #tvreporting #broadcasting
Brexit snowflake bastards
The latest Read the Daily Corporate Brother X! #brexit #lakers
Save me from the Brexit loonies.
"The true “will of the people” looks considerably more questionable if it turns out to be the will of dead people – not the will of those who have the most life ahead of them to face the consequences" #PeoplesVote #Brexit #StopBrexit
Petition: Brexit re article 50 it must not be suspended/stopped under any circumstances
Confused About #Brexit?? . Direct from #London with BBC reporters on the ground covering all the news. #Okanagan Valley #Radio is your official #Brexit news headquarters in the #Valley. #mixlr
I'm in the same boat, as is my dad. He's English n'all but is disgusted with how the Brexit is going, as am I so we're both Indy proponents now.
God bless the real Raving Loonies
State #plans insurance protection law for no-deal Brexit - The Irish Times #BusinessPlans #news
Then Theresa May's Tories should put it in law that if a brexit deal cannot be agreed by Parliament before the deadline A50 has to be revoked. #NoConfidenceStill #GeneralElectionNow #KickTheToriesOut
You actually proved two things here 1) She was right 2) Your understanding of democracy is as stunted as those who follow you.
Fire him and give the role to JRM
I honestly think that if she asked for 12 months now she'd get it. Alternatively a Customs Union brexit could get through parliament next week and then we'd just need maybe three extra months to transition. The latter seems in keeping with a 52% vote imo
I don't see how this validates the idea that Bentiez couldn't get Cardiff promoted. or that Warnock is better. Cardiff back their manager. Cardiff do not have off-field politics - except Warnock's Brexit outbursts - to contend with. Merson is a gammon provocateur.
We urgently need some certainty on #Brexit for #business to prepare for the coming months. Visit to start saving on your shipping bills, without lifting a finger. #amazon #ebay #ups #fedex #dhl #couriers #postage #shipping #courier
That's why they don't want a second #BrexitVote - with a 12% lead, the left and the #remoaners would have to concede. #brexit
Nothing to do with Brexit. Stop lying.
How many of her Minister's will go if she softens Brexit? Hammond for one. No bad news there then … #LetsGoWTO
Forget Brexit for a few seconds; watch this.
He accuses the British "elite" (a revealingly loose term") of responsibility for Brexit And yet, the UK debate has revolved around the elite's love for the EU. At best, Mr Mishtal is confused. Or he may simply be an angry old man enraged by Second Carnatic War or some such
"#WorldNews Story: May Battles to Keep Brexit on Track After No-Confidence Win #News":
I don't give any thought to all this brexit malarkey, it's just a stage show - it'll never happen. But Tony Blair boils my piss.
5 Live: Has Peter solved Brexit? via Absurd! The Queen would not want to get anywhere near this. This caller obviously has not been following the news. Parliament has only just now been allowed to get involved!
Oh. So Wales ARE ACTUALLY sort of involved in brexit (lowercase) then? As we haven't heard much from my birth plqce, I assumed Wales was either excluded or where just bending over. :-|
Is that all the detail you can report on. The Beano would have more info on it .
Europe is frightened, they will be loosing a big player.
do you allow your employees to shout &amp; have political meetings on shop floor? As I really didn't appreciate a crash course in how brexit will make all staff unemployed...
Now THAT is why she will not relenquish her residency at Number 10. They are printing money from the chaos of her deliberately bu fled Brexit. That and his hedge fund hasn't paid corporation tax in the UK in 8 years &amp; they are both terrified of new EU tax evasion laws. #LockMayUp
Not a fan of Tories. But you have played along with Brexit from the start. Your party mostly wants to remain, but you gave them or the country no steer during the initial vote. You are every bit as much to blame as the brexiteers for this mess
Ohhhh this aged very poorly
Cough!!! Just keeping it real, Folks. #Brexit #WTOBrexit
Who thinks for a heartbeat they won't use EVERY means possible to protect their own selfish greed ? Tories, they should be standing fkng trial for what they are doing.
'...Theresa May ... imposing a patently unworkable timetable of two years on Brexit and laying down red lines that undermined negotiations with Brussels and doomed her deal to resoundingly bipartisan rejection this week in Parliament...' #NoConfidence
I agree. The only +ve I can see resulting from brexit is both &amp; lose their strangle hold on govt. &amp; we end up with a proper coalition of parties committed to improving things for the whole population. Then scrap FPTP, to secure a more democratic system
With so many MP wanting Remain and hoping this will be the default outcome, surely Theresa May will only achieve Brexit by putting a simple two-way choice to the public in a new #PeoplesVote? It has to be a binary choice between her (hopefully) improved deal and a no-deal Brexit
#Leave Economic Adviser - loss of car industry etc with hard #Brexit ..."these things happen..." Maybe but not usually not as suddenly &amp; because of deliberate Government policy. #Toriesvtried that with coal industry &amp; had to row back to gradual decline. #BrexitShambles
Brexit: a Norwegian view on the Norway-plus model and why it wouldn't be easy for the UK (Conversation UK)
'As planned, the Deal has produced the current chaos as a significant stage in PM May’s scurrilous plan to overturn Brexit.'
I love the fact that two Valleys guys arguing not only makes it to the Daily Show, but that they need subtitles.
Watch this space. The next ludicrous anti-Brexit conspiracy theory will be that the govt planned to fuck Brexit on purpose to seize permanent control of Britain via authoritarian military rule. Almost as mad as the Brexity people saying they fucked it to scare us into remaining.
#PeoplesVote #RevokeA50 #StopBrexit Stop this madness NOW Stop Brexit NOW.
Good thread on the current uncomfortableness that is British politics.
The absolute state of this tweet !!!
The conspiracy of circumstances that has led us to this moment...
How exactly is the SNP propping up the Tories? It's not the opposition party that supports social security cuts and renewing the UK's weapons of mass murder. That would be Jeremy Corbyn's Labour Party, who also support Brexit at all costs.
holding back on the nuts yeah!? Brexit thing?
Fair point. It’s the reason why I am not only talking on Brexit. This week: Royal Marines, Fibromyalgia and children’s social care as well as media campaigns on trains, investment and Universal Credit. Brexit devours all before it if you let it. That’s not my style tbh
And as has been said elsewhere, #FBPE is just a hashtag among Europeans - it's got nothing to do with #brexit.
‘Leave with no fuss, no drama, minor hiccup financially and within weeks we are all better off’ #BrexitShambles #Brexittears
The bullshit push by the MSM if now at full throttle. We voted leave we was told we would leave and we haven't changed our minds &amp; we don't need remain MPs &amp; their chums saying different support for Remain highest since referendum, Brexit poll finds
What fresh hell is this...??!? #PeoplesVote #righttovote
I would too, but the other thing I would say here, more than likely a deal would be the PM's intrepretion of #Brexit. It's clear that nether leavers or remainers like her version. Therefore, how can it be right to force a deal on the UK that doesn't have support?
You deny the Lib Dems formed a coalition in 2010 with the Tories to get the electoral reform referendum? As for leadership failure... remind me how the LDs voted in the A50 notification bill and on what platform re:Brexit they campaigned last year..... hmmmm
Timely. See “Brexit Shampoo”.
#crap means #crap! #crap means #crap! #crap means #crap! #crap means #crap!#crap means #crap!#crap means #crap!#crap means #crap!#crap means #crap!#crap means #crap!#crap means #crap!#crap means #crap!#crap means #crap!#crap #crap #crap!#crap #crap #crap!#crap means #brexit!!
Brexit: Conservative MPs launch push for fresh referendum as one admits ‘we created this mess’ - The Independent
NHS already understaffed and after Brexit we will lose more. The gov made us think they were invading but we were sold a lie. I realised myself about a year ago BBC withold stories and sway bias. My hubs was watching sky news &amp; I was watching bbc. It shocked me. This is about
brexit hasn't kicked in yet and so won't change people's lives until we are. Is that too hard to understand
#brexit #NoDealBrexit This country should be given a second #Referendum not one on #Europe or #NoConfidenceMotion in the but a #UK wide no confidence vote in #Parliament in its entirety All of these Tyranapids ARE NOT MY BRITAIN AND DEFINATELY NOT MY VOICE
Brexit is the big political issue, of course, but this holds true in general. Perhaps the whole sorry affair would never have come to pass had the BBC taken the 'inform' part of their mantra a little more seriously. Of course, the idea of a 'public intellectual' is old hat, no?
My boss- Hey, you have anything new on the shutdown? Me- ALL I WANT TO DO IS TALK ABOUT BREXIT!!!!!!!
This is a really great thread on British politics that I don’t understand in the slightest but recommend wholeheartedly
Wow. The negative twitter response to Tony Blair speaking clear, reasoned, absolute sense on Brexit. The guy is right. Listen to him.
Isn't Brexit the FBI Guys (no relation) in this case?
ABSOLUTELY THIS
Quality #brexit explainer if you're just getting up to speed
Brexit: France activates no-deal plan
Why does Hammond sound so confident that No Deal Brexit will be withdrawn as an Option? Agree with you. Legacy will be 1. As Home Secretary, She Destroyed The Police. 2. As PM, She Destroyed Party. We’re living through the time of Worst PM, ever.
A damn fine thread and a damning yet accurate analysis ... !
I do not agree that I am mad or my support for a free Scotland is madness. Brexit is madness, that will do more damage to the UK than Scotland leaving Westminster control.
#FromtheRight: May’s Historic Defeat, and Swift Triumph | #Brexit #TheresaMay
Thread #Labour #Brexit
Well said. Khan is a liability.
Yeah i guess this deal is one version of Brexit but there were probably 17m ideas of Brexit in leavers heads as they voted. Many ideas that may well have been possible but not all at the same time. The fact that Moggy and Grieves both voted against tells it's own story.
Fuck Brexit
Well the text presumes there is a broad majority against nodeal Brexit. ERG et al wont move if they can get that whereas its arguable there would be a majority for a 'reasonable brexit' (my personal opinion nothwithstanding) - this would correctly but the onus on ERG to offer it.
I love this because I wasn't particularly good at math, either.
Currently. Read the tweet. The advice I shared from the Association of British Insurers relates to if there is a no deal Brexit. I realise you can Google but this is formal advice from the industry. However, feel free to ignore it in favour of your superior knowledge.
Where’s the feature programme showing the electoral fraud that won the referendum?
Good summation thread of the Brexit mess for Yanks like me that aren’t quite exactly sure what’s going on over there:
How many times they have to tell you that you cannot have both, brexit and continued membership to the custom union without free movement of people. Your suggestion is pure stupidness. Just tell the truth that your intentions is to remain.
Precedent is that they walk May out of a Whitehall window onto scaffolding and cut off her head.
A very good summation of Brexit
How are EU governments preparing for #Brexit? Read the views from France, Germany and the Netherlands:
"Such a pattern of egotistic and destructive behavior by the British elite flabbergasts many people today. But it was already manifest seven decades ago during Britain’s rash exit from India."
NEW POLL: Staying in the EU opens up its biggest lead yet if voters are given the chance in a new public vote: #PeoplesVote
The Controlled Demolition of Brexit - #NewWorldNextWeek via
True, but Corbyn apparently refuses to countenance another referendum and is equally secretive about his support for Brexit. We all think we know what his position is but his lack of openness undermines any trust people might have in him.
All the Tory Brexit lies are coming back to haunt them
If and her incompetent crew had even the slightest hint of empathy for what remainers were feeling they wouldn't have promised blue fucking passports, or announced festivals of Brexit and celebration coins - this government has been a disgrace since day 1
While all this Corbyn wont speak to May unless no deal is off the table malarky goes on the Brexit clock still runs down.
Well that's a chilling headline. BBC News - Brexit: France activates no-deal plan
Corbyn would be exposed as overtly pro brexit
With 71 days to Brexit, Jeremy Corbyn has launched his imaginary general election campaign
#MAGA and #Brexit are the country-sized versions of #MGTOW
Andrea Leadsom seems to be one of the few cabinet members still willing to kick a few Remainer groins....she has been very impressive these last few weeks
English Gentile Woman outwits to conniving jews. Berkowitz and Grieve playing fast and loose with the English constitution, as jews do... -
It makes me angry knowing that my hard-earned pension has been purloined, probably to facilitate the upward flood of wealth to the undeserving rich or to Brexit. Or to the DUP.
if nothing else #brexit will make for a great future biopic film...
Very important and fascinating poll. Public respect for Parliament has plummeted following the Westminster paralysis over Brexit, a damning opinion poll has revealed.
Reckoning now that constituents need to literally besiege their MP surgeries demanding THEY demand &amp; vote for a #PeoplesVote else, come GE they won't &amp; mustn't get their votes. #Brexit chaos.
I understand that this little prick is widely known in France as "Micron!
Many English MPs clearly don't know the UK's modern constitution and had no idea of the radical nature of their own GFA on sovereignty, citizenship and cross border partnership. Of course they were then blindsided in Brexit. Scary if power is going back there.
BREXIT! BREXIT! BREXIT! TO CONSERVATIVE: LABOUR: SNP: DUP: LIBERAL DEM: Only last year August l voiced out my opinion about BREXIT! Yet we are still on this Journey with no clear Road. As an opinion...
It`s not just the backstop, sovereignty, ECJ laws, transition period, continued contributions, electing MEPs in May, all these are anti brexit and wont be tolerated by voters.
Support for cancelling Brexit SOARS in wake of Theresa May's defeat
I’m looking at the bigger picture mr Vincent. UK best in the world, brexit means brexit
come sort your boy out.
It is May's way or the highway, but please come and talk. May will stick to Brexit 'principles' in cross-party talks, says No 10
No surprise to see the BBC do the Tories’ dirty work for them. Deflect deflect deflect even if it means using lies like this
"These eternal schoolboys whose “weight is out of all proportion” to their numbers are certainly overrepresented among Tories. They have today plunged Britain into its worst crisis, exposing its incestuous and self-serving ruling class like never before."
'Order!' Why Europeans are turning to John Bercow for light relief in Brexit chaos – video
"In a three-way choice, voters split 52% for Remain, 39% for no-deal and 9% for Norway-plus"
Essential move. She won’t agree, of course, because of the ERG Mogglodytes.
Minford's own words: "You're going to have to run down the car industry. These things happen..." The chilling casualness of the UK's destruction, post-Brexit...
He went to the seaside, where he apparently explained his party’s stance on brexit, though this consisted of stating the bloody obvious, and running our town down, how long before his party have a vote of confidence,
I acknowledge your concern. Please let me explain my thoughts. You say Labour going into a GE supporting brexit will be disastrous, as will Labour going into a GE supporting remain. That is fact, no party can win a majority on an exclusive, leave or remain ticket.
Such a shame. Almost had Brexit sorted and I was “feline” good.
That’s the BBC and Sky who have both made a headline off this loosely factual comment. Their smear and manipulate tactics are in full flow yet again while that cunt May gets sympathy coverage.
Every brexiteer’s favourite economist, blithely explaining that EU withdrawal involves the running down of 850,000 manufacturing jobs. Didn’t see that on the side of a fucking bus...
I do not disagree with you about the Germans, but I do think that a terrible Brexit for the UK may be a better thing for the EU long term than a somewhat bad Brexit would be. It's 100% the fault of the UK, but it nevertheless serves as a powerful deterrent to others in the 27.
Does a 16th century Jesuit have the key to unlocking progress on Brexit in the Commons?
Why am I not surprised
It’s a key factor which seems to get constantly overlooked - as says, there’s no parliamentary majority for a second referendum.
That is exactly his position. Brexit is just a device to secure a GE.
The president needs to offer a virtually seamless unrestricted, borderless trade, customs, and travel agreement with the UK to support them and aid in minimizing impact of Brexit. Opportunity to create a unmatcheable economic and trade power in the world.
Dutch growers warned to expect export "bottlenecks" post-Brexit
Ima brexit the fuck outta here
this is extremely lucid thinking
Calls for a #SecondReferendum #Brexit grow as Theresa #May fights for a #NewDeal
Yes polls are so accurate, they have been on the money before and after Brexit, my talking dog was telling me he's filled in two polls this week any whoo have to get back to the moon now bye
Khan told: Quit obsessing about stopping #Brexit and sort out #London crime
Yes!!!YES!!! #StopBrexit for Scotland! A semi-Brexit, with just England and Wales leaving the EU, is the solution | Kim Lane Scheppele
Why is it so hard to accept these women might just be in support of Brexit? Why do you think they are paid?
The lady is bang on
Article 50 can only be extending with the agreement of all EU members -not something within May's power. She could revoke it (as I said), cancelling the whole process - therefore there is no need to do a deal as Brexit is stopped. So what is the point of this precondition?
Here's actually getting it. Shame my MP doesn't
Morneau sees sustained growth, no direct Brexit hit on Canada | -
If I never hear the word Brexit again in my life I will rejoice like never before
I totally agree with Lord Sugar.
Agree, Parris has long been the erudite voice of Remoanism. If the WA had passed, he'd also Brexit was finished. He's gone the way of too many columnists - partisan to the point of irrelevant.
#MyStory: Isn't the first time, won't be the last time... Walk a mile in shoes... #FightRacism #HumanRights #ThursdayThoughts
Can Britain's Brexit Be Reversed?
Every tweet on the Twitter Page of journalist is Anti-Brexit. Despite Brexit winning the National Referendum Isn't this bias the ultimate Establishment #fakenews!
No, he shouldn't. I marched IN London for a people's vite, but I also see that his promoting a PV wouod be political suicide for him. Brexit is falling apart and it is taking the Tories with it. People need to learn to be more patient. What Lab is doing is working.
“As a key supplier to the UK public sector, it is our duty to make the arrangements necessary to be ready for whatever Brexit is delivered" — CEO Simon Hansford on the company's British data centre expansion: via
Brexit deadlock: May pandering to 'sectarian Protestant DUP' blasts Tory grandee Ken Clarke
No just allowing all the academics bailing out due to brexit to continue working
How Brexit happened: The Malign Incompetence of the British Ruling Class
No-deal #Brexit could be ‘taken off the table’, chancellor Philip Hammond admits to business leaders - The Independent #BusinessToBusiness #news
Willie, take a breath and think about what you have said for a moment, also think about the arguments that were put forward by the “better together” camp. Feel free to change your mind....#Indyref2 #SNP
March 29 is LEAVE date. Then real negotiations can begin between and :
If only he would have got to him a little earlier he could have bought him instead! I believe he used to be as cheap as 2pkts Tayto cheese and onion and a glass of brown lemonade though!!
Well said 'councillor Suzie'. High time stopped bleating about Brexit and 'London being open', - and instead got on with sorting out the spiralling violent crime rates. #DoYourJob
“I don’t think a general election will help us break this Brexit deadlock” “WHY DO YOU HATE THE HOMELESS AND COUNCIL HOUSES???”
it is such a shame that some of thatchers children set the bar so low. It has to be remembered that Tony Blair had the opportunity to do so much, but failed. He did however take us to an illegal war and laid the foundation for #brexit
Brexit #vote: business and accountancy reaction - economia #BusinessToBusiness #news
Brexit mostly. But I do kinda expect to see a Trump stroke headline before the end of 2020.
. A Second #Brexit Referendum would damage Democracy and faith in the Democratic process but we are past the point of avoiding damage. There will be damage; choice is whether its Economic damage or damage to faith in democracy. Faith can be restored.
Leave means Leave paid protesters outside Parliament on Tuesday. - they had so obviously been hired from an agency! So someone did an alternative version. Don't you just LOVE that 'using attractive young women' thing? Me neither #leavemeansleave #brexit #peoplesvote #sodem #fbpe
Support for cancelling Brexit SOARS in wake of Theresa May's defeat
With her Brexit deal defeated but a vote of no-confidence overcome, British Prime Minister Theresa May is in much the same position as she was at the start of the week.
Perhaps if Maybot stops acknowledging time like Mariah Carey, then there's no Brexit problem because the deadline never runs out.
I said I wanted my 10% for the concept, and an additional cut if the publisher went with that cover. He said he'd get stuck in, but obviously got distracted with his musings on Brexit. These writer types are flaky, I'm telling you.
British politics under Theresa May has become farcical.The demand for a 2nd referendum by voters who voted for Brexit is being denied while she enjoys unlimited stabs in pushing her Brexit deal.
You are foolish if you believe that. just has to sit there take it easy.
Bercow is one of my favorite parts of watching parliamentary procedures.
You will vote down every deal put forward for your own gains &amp; it will be the #LabourParty who will determine whether we have a no deal #brexit ,not agreeing to meet the PM shows u for what u are, clueless a coward and a narcissist, God help Britain if u ever get into No. 10
New post (PARIS | Airports, customs, trade: Europe preps for a chaotic Brexit) has been published on FeedPublish -
Gollum Decodes Brexit Shambles With 'Bohemian Rhapsody' Spoof
domdyer70: RT rd1iemzcog54sk7: DamienDown112 MrKennethClarke domdyer70 This is historically the most incompetent government on record, He should be smashing it in the polls. His perceivable Brexit goals seem to consist entirely of using it to force a GE. He gave up trying to…
The best solution to Brexit: Leave, ‘good and hard’ - The Washington Post: The best solution to… #News #Politics
don't worry, you guys are getting there too!
I absolutely agree that to ignore the result of the referendum would be very dangerous. But phrases like 'out means out' and 'Brexit means Brexit' are, like the referendum question, far too simplistic. Remember, even Farage was talking about the Norway option during the campaign
No-Confidence Survivor: Theresa May and Brexit
"Amid the Brexit Chaos, E.U. Sees a ‘Catastrophic Success’" by STEVEN ERLANGER via NYT The New York Times
No-Confidence Survivor: Theresa May and Brexit
So hold on, Labour opposes a ‘no deal’ Brexit in order to ensure the country doesn’t fall off a cliff....and this is bad, how? Make your mind up Eddie.
Actually I think that's hokum. First, people like those I've mentioned are politically savvy enough to give analysis relevant to the political context. Second, our problem with Brexit (as in the US) is precisely the absence of reliable information unspun by political ideology
No-Confidence Survivor: Theresa May and Brexit
Now asking them if brexit happens
This is an elaborate sarcastic tweet? Please say it is. It’s Corbyn’s fault for not resolving Brexit? Oh my fucking good God!
The hottest take: a calamitous Brexit that permanently ruins the country is no less than what Britain deserves for doing the same to so many other countries.
All the brexit benchers should resign. People can't fob off the UK from inside parliament. We don't need anyone from the brexit bench taking over her role. She goes &amp; JR-M &amp; IDS, Peterson &amp; Jenkins.
Cornwall worried about cash to replace European funding after Brexit
Isn't Sturgeon saying the same as Corbyn. Vince Cable now backing a No Deal Brexit for 5 more minutes of power
Brexit: France activates no-deal plan -
Julia im warming to the idea of a second referendum. If we win again its game over. If we lose millions of us wont accept the result and we’ll elect a brexit party that will leave anyway. If the rules dont apply then we should play their game
Ahh the sweet simplicity but she won’t be able to she has a big mouth and small shoes !
So, the government party is completely divided. Opposition is completely divided. Britain is clearly drifting towards hard Brexit, and that is enabled by HM opposition leader supported by Russia and Iran... and kept in power in the party by fanatics who are 90 % Remain. Bizarre.
Brexitbot says that this this is not the will of the people. No matter how many polls you publish expressing the contrary, it will never be the will of the people.
More a question what the DUP will do to thwart a soft Brexit, methinks!
Dennis Skinner had a point.
Interesting watch. Some of the potentialities of a no-deal scenario #brexit
As usual on Brexit is right on the money
Unionism before socialism Power before Tories before parties with socialist agenda's Hard Brexit before a deal Digs at snp before free school meals Bonuses for pals before equal pay for women Pfi deals for mates before civic responsibility. #ForTheMoney
It's clear from Brexit vote studies &amp; from US voting patterns that over-50 voters are much fonder of explicitly racist/xenophobic/misogynistic politicians &amp; policies than younger voters. My anecdotal experiences are similar. Imo naivete is very unlikely basis for such bigotry.
Why, Singapore does ok - we are global leaders, Brexit will change the way the world works
Yup that's part of what I'm worried about - the govt were abysmal on GDPR, I guess cos of brexit sidetracks, and that was known and clear cut, they just failed to prepare any proper advice. Businesses depend on govt to explain how law changes affect them
Delingpole: Brexit Is Now Hanging by a Thread
Classic legend
Perhaps the real risk is not that the people will feel betrayed but that they'll vote for brexit again?
Wealthy Europeans Call In the Movers as Brexit Cliff Edge Looms - Bloomberg |
bit of a long wait to upgrade. Is it because of #Brexit ?
Delingpole: Brexit Is Now Hanging by a Thread via
More generally, there are umpteen number of "egotistical preening popinjays" everywhere.
It's true that winning the referendum, at the time, paradoxically weakened 's own existence but now more than ever, a party that believes in a real #Brexit is paramount. This is why I support .
The Bbc are the lube of Brexit.
...adversarial winner takes all political culture..weak grasp of geopolitics led the UK government to overestimate its capacity to manage the complexities...extraordinary lack of EU-related knowledge...displayed day in, day out across the Commons...
If a PV produces a Remain result this time.. The Brexit people will just kick off.. If it produces the same result it would have been.a waste of time and money. As it is this 'Brexit' isn't actually a Hard Brexit of any kind but a semi exit.. and it will be nothing more.
British army reservists called up to help prepare for no-deal Brexit
May's #Brexit Plan defeat spells possible doom for Britain's auto business, industry leaders believe by + comment by
There's only one thing that can stop a no-deal #Brexit now.
Also; Lane closures Football Season Black Friday Hard Brexit Soft Brexit Wholemeal Brexit Seeded Brexit Tea Shortage Milton Keynes
Both. #Brexit is for the English nationalist supremacist white male.
UK in deadlock over Brexit 'Plan B' as May and Corbyn double down
Brexit is a good example of the advantages of global diversification
Being present but not participating is a favoured pastime of #Brexit
Centrists OUTRAGED that Jeremy Corbyn's playing hardball with May over taking hard #Brexit off the table...I suspect many of them would have been equally outraged if he'd agreed to talks without said guarantee. #Labour
Anyone at listening?
That's just tuff. A Tory government the country voted for and a brexit the country voted for. No deal WTO rules. We will not be held to ransom by a nationalist party wanting to tear the UK apart..
You really believe that? What is he doing? All I can see is a refusal to engage in the very talks that could stop no deal Brexit, and/or lead to a less damaging Brexit.
A typical EU phenomenon where if a vote goes against them, they try their hardest to have it overturned until they are satisfied with the result. That's not democracy nor should that be a trait of an ally or friend of the UK. #Brexit #Eurodrama
It’s now or never for May. Time to compromise on Brexit | Martin Kettle
Corbyn has been accused of asking for an impossible deal. Is that not the point? A utopic brexit that serves the country, or no Brexit
"Servitisation" is the big trend in global trade. A manufacturing Brexit with goods-only single market access will handicap Britain in a global economy that's increasingly services based. Stupid, stupid, stupid.
OMG truly has bad form indeed really ugly face of an upstart Traitors 2 the crown of England taking executive power away + turning the country into a republic dispensing with the crown of England Hang em
Good to see that, while the UK obsesses over the omnishambles of Brexit, our European cousins have recognised the need to address the far more urgent issue of climate breakdown. I hope we can get our heads out of our own a**es and join them soon. #ClimateStrike #youthforclimate
'Remainer Phil' Tells Corporates MPs Will Stop Clean Brexit in Leaked Call
Fantastic reporting , yours is only show worth listening to (especially) about #Brexit, you cut through all of the nonsense &amp; actually tell it how it is as well as not letting your guests off the hook! I think an award could well be in order! :-)
Woah
according to a leak from a cabinet staffer they're planning a 3 way vote.. no deal her deal or no brexit. I a round Robin system. May's deal would fall first so it would be between no deal or remain.. remain could win that. that's what may wants.
Brexit is just one piece of a multitude of lies spouted by better together in the 2014 referendum, So no it will not make #Indyref2 null and void. Same garbage from wastemonster, Who would want to remain in this chaos of a UK.
The delivery of brexit has been run by people who do not know how to or want to deliver it. Those who have a vision have been sidelined. It is being delivered half baked by people who would rather not be delivering it.
The latest MEP's Opinion! Thanks to #eplenary #brexit
Imagine how different this could be without #brexit? Not just for investor confidence but also in terms of government time and external expertise that could have been used to support the development of an energy strategy that makes sense
Thus proving that neither tories nor labour can put aside petty partisan politics to unite against #Brexit. Sad.
This should be read by absolutely everyone!
It was clear then and clear now. Once in a generation, there will be no #SecondReferendum. #Brexit #StandUp4Brexit #SDP #BrexitBetrayal #BrexitVote
It's not unwanted, change the record. Interesting though that all you have learned from the Brexit mess is that it's a reason to stay in the union. Absolutely bizarre.
Can Britain's Brexit be reversed? Pedro Dudeson C A MORON was not forced to resign he just had not got the GUTS to deal with it and run away as fast as he could. slimeball
Tell #WarCriminal #TonyBlair to #eff off. created the #crisis, let them sort it out. Why don;t you advise her to call a #GeneralElection and it will sort itself out or just call for a people's vote on her deal!
The PM should say: we've tried to make Brexit work but in a country which is clearly divided on the issue, now is not the time; so we're going to revoke A50, remain in the EU and revisit the question in 5 (10?) yrs' time when a different demographic may return a clearer answer.
'This obscure law could save us from May's Brexit deadlock'.
What comes next for Brexit: Theresa May sets a "Plan B" vote date
How is this not 'running the clock down'? May, you are a fucking liar.
There's no such thing as a "plain brexit".
#MyStory: Isn't the first time, won't be the last time... Walk a mile in my shoes... #FightRacism #HumanRights #ThursdayThoughts
You can "rule out" no deal Brexit until the cows come home. This is agreement between the Uk and the EU. If we don't either support an agreement or revoke Article 50, no deal Brexit is what will happen.
That's a MP that knows what he is on about. Please read my post
Indeed. Something must change which includes getting his head out of the sand. Sadly he is as pig headed as the PM. He must be replaced with a more moderate voice who might be able to rescue something from the Brexit wreckage. I was a Labour voter once.
Are you going to make a point, or are you just going to share an article that doesn't mention Brexit at all?
This will end well.
This is next level .
Hitachi freezes UK nuclear project amid Brexit crisis #irishbiz #Ireland #Irish #Sme
It was never a project of the right - Brexit was apolitical. It united both old labour socialists and Thatcherites, something I thought I’d never live to see...
#Brexit - new demography now means on Saturday the UK turns #remain. Parliament must force a second referendum | Polly Toynbee
Doesn't that also argue for having a no deal Brexit left on the table? If we don't have no deal on the table, the negotiation ceases to be one
the lib dems have gone from opposing brexit to Brexit enablers in just a few minutes
HSBC Holdings Plc is now saying that they are more upbeat on sterling as the impasse suggests there may be no Brexit at all. Others are not taking the risk and are voting with their feet.
A Disgraceful thing to say, Ageists &amp; Nasty, you are also wrong. Many young Voters want brexit. At the ref people I followed, their parents voted remain &amp; they voted leave. I’m not old, either. Just because you want to be chained to the EU, doesn’t mean all younger people do.
‘Remainer Phil‘ Tells Corporates MPs Will Stop Clean Brexit in Leaked Call via
Is Vince missing the point here? Corbyn was only invited to talks last night. It is May who has been procrastinating, not Corbyn. If Cable is referring to his call for JC to call a VONC last month, all that would have done wd be to unite the Ts before the 'meaningful vote'.
It beggars belief that some people are blind to the duplicious games Corbyn &amp; co are playing. Any decent leader would be round the table trying to sell their point of view. He wants no Brexit to happen but wants the Tories to take all he blame. Get it!
New post (Arcadio: Dangerous Brexit) has been published on Aneddotica Magazine - Collaborative Blog since 2012
Please watch this. I’m begging you
Why a general election may be the only way to save Brexit via
Sargon, please talk Brexit with for an informed &amp; level-headed counter-position to your own. He spoke with recently and it was a very good conversation.
It's staggering. Partly why I really don't think brexit can happen this year let alone this quarter.
It doesn’t work like that Jeremy mate
En CF: Conociendo “BREXIT” con Benedict Cumberbatch
Occasionally someone does make some sense in Westminster #PeopleVote #PeoplesVoteNow #EU
(The Star):May battles to keep #Brexit on track after no-confidence win : The British Prime Minister invited opposition leaders for talks about how to secure another Brexit deal and avoid leaving the EU without a deal. ..
Look in the mirror UK, don't ask who's the fairest of them all, look at the reality.
Total goods exports to EU are now just 5% GDP. I was putting in context the ludicrous project fear forecasts that UK export trade w/ EU will fall 50% on WTO Brexit. Even if that were to be the case (it won’t) the impact would only be 2.5% of UK GDP.
The older generation have had 40+ years of experience with the #EU and used that experience and knowledge to form an informed opinion on how to vote in #brexit but you’d rather trust the judgment of a bunch of spotty, politically inept teenagers to determine our future..? #MadCow
Could this man really be our next prime Minister ?
And in the blue corner it is Hammond, in the very blue corner it is May, and in the even bluer corner it is Rees the Mogg. I'm booking a ringside seat!
It was a bribe, you can dress it up any way you want but it was a bribe. £1billion that you've taken from the rest of the country's taxpayers &amp; in return we get your mental creationist MPs forcing this Brexit turd on us.
Are you ready for the UK to exit the EU? We have set out some areas that businesses may wish to consider so they are prepared for the unexpected - click here: #brexit
Any Brexit is bad. Brexit is bad for the many and good for the few
He needs luck too with the yellow vest protestors burning down his capital
Are nt there lots of dentists do e for rape drugging their patients
Brilliant.
New post (Arcadio: Dangerous Brexit) has been published on Aneddotica Magazine - Collaborative Blog since 2012
Alas this
UK housing market has worst outlook for 20 years as prices stagnate amid Brexit uncertainty
PLEASE STOP BREXIT. It’s a nationalist fantasy. We’d be diminished in the world; we’d no longer be the gateway to Europe. It’s just the worst idea.
All over the world, people are stepping up, demanding to be let free from the tyrannical globalists. “We want to govern our own country. We want to make our own laws, control our own borders… it’s very simple."
#lbc #brexit #EU #Europe #gmb #leave #goodmorningbritain #london #poland #polish with an estimated 3.5 million EU migrants in the UK a 2nd vote could be taken away from the Brits by EU colonisation.
Brexit: Is Brussels ready to give UK more time? - BBC News
Mary Poppins hunts zombies in a post-Brexit apocalypse in kinda plausible 'Late Show' sketch
Oh my mistake this person is a comedian (so people tell me). Clearly it's a joke.
OpenDemocracy - Why the left must unite against Brexit
OpenDemocracy - Beyond the Brexit pantomime
#Muslim #Brexit #AFD #London The Qur'an on Jihad and Emigration
#Islam #Brexit #UKIP: Allah the mutilator - freel the "peace"
please can you stop turning up to highstreets of small towns during the day for "the people's" view of brexit! It's a narrow demographic of pensioners, unemployed and those who have time to stop! #workingpeopleagainstbrexit #saveourjobs
“Gold Price Volatility Low Like Eve of 2000s' Bull Market as France Readies for 'Hard Brexit', ECB Vows 'Stimulus'”
Taking stock: UK businesses brace for no deal Brexit
Not having a cross party committee was a catastrophic decision. Brexit is party neutral and all parties of society should have had a voice and be listened to from day 1.
I never understood why brexit was a tory problem and not a commons problem, as it was the uk leaving not just the tories May just wanted her place in history, they all did! But a remainer could never deliver something they didnt believe in, corbyn the same, it needed cross party
If that were the point then TM's withdrawal agreement would have sailed through parliament, because that fulfils the vote. But it didn't, and the main reason it didn't didn't satisfy people's own ideas of Brexit they had in mind. See?
I knew lots of friends and family who had voted for BREXIT back in the day.And in the ballot boxes they had PENCILS instead of pens???. (wondered if it was the same in every polling station) and what do you know? The WHOLE OF SCOTLAND VOTED AGAINST BREXIT. SNP fix was in.
via Can Britain's Brexit Be Reversed?
Emmanuel Macron sums up the chaos of Brexit perfectly in just two minutes
Clinging on by a thread, worst government defeat of the ages, do the right thing and bugger off!
UK would vote to stay in the EU by a massive #12pointmargin ! #Brexit #StopBrexit
Spanish Foreign Minister: Pushing Back Brexit Date Only Way to Break Deadlock
Vote Remain - you know it makes sense
Just saying, like, #Brexit
That's harsh, she did the best she could.
The latest Hate Crime! Thanks to #brexit #tnyarchive
This guy has done well in the context of brexit &amp; remaining in the eu, if you have been paying attention. however there are some rumours about his other conduct etc
Kicking off the show with on Bogle, Brexit/EU future and the skill of selling... Also see his MiB with Jack Bogle here:
A semi-Brexit, with just England and Wales leaving the EU, is the solution. Other countries have similar arrangements
'This obscure law could save us from May's Brexit deadlock'.
Brexit was due to a democratic vote!. Simple...isn't it?
Brexit is awesome
Lunchtime spin through Brexit leaders May's deal General election Soften, 2nd ref (maybe) Delay Article 50, compromise, 2nd ref Corbyn's rubbish May's rubbish Blame Remainers
Remainer Chancellor Tells Big Business MPs Will Stop Clean Brexit in Leaked Call via
Brexit: Rule out no-deal, Jeremy Corbyn tells Theresa May -
Yeah I don't get it either
Corbyn is either thick or just playing silly bugger. No-deal can't be taken off the table, MPs voted for it in the Brexit bill. We'd have to revoke the Article 50 process to do that
She’s another one who seems to have been tipped beyond the edges of reason and decency by Brexit. I know it’s only Twitter but it does seem that it’s more often certain Remainers, with theirs airs of moral and intellectual superiority, who spew most of the incorrect bile.
In almost exactly the sense that Brits are overwhelmingly behind the PM and her Brexit plans.
has to insist #NoDealBrexit is taken off the table to comply with the Labour Conference motion and the Good Friday agreement. Whereas puts Conservative party survival above an international legally binding agreement.#72DaysToBrexit
Fake news Turkeys won the war
I can guess his reaction will be the same as always, blame the Tories, and of course BREXIT, whilst maintaining his smugness..
A very #Insightful talk! A real positive point is that London retains its position as one of the top 5 developers in the world! #Impressive #Makingprojectshappen
Labour playing party politics? Not the Tories whose own Mp's instigated a no confidence motion in their own leader, days later then voted against their leader's Brexit deal and then soon after vote to support her government in a no confidence motion!Hippocrisy at its best!
It'll forever escape me how Ann Pettifor, otherwise a champion of the progressive/socialist cause and a talented Keynesian macroanalyst, continues to think that Brexit is detrimental to Britain's future, when a wide body of research proves her elitist stance to be dead wrong.
Bertie Ahern tells that it could take months for any meaningful dialogue to emerge from new #Brexit negotiations but the debates up to now provide a good base on which to build. “Get through what votes need to be taken and move on”
If Labour backed a People’s Vote, the Lib Dems would back a Motion of No Confidence as they did yesterday. Sadly, Labour are back to propping up failed Tory ideology. New Labour did it for 13 years and now Corbyn won’t oppose Brexit the most disastrous right wing policy in years.
How do Remainers like think that older people would benefit from Brexit. Can she not understand we've studied EU since we joined a Common Market &amp; have decided it is not best for our Country, our children etc!
Theresa May will allocate £1bn 'cash for votes' DUP deal without Parliament's prior consent
Excellent column - the British policy of #partition is finally being experienced by the British themselves. "It is actually more accurate, for those invoking British history, to say that partition — the British Empire’s ruinous exit strategy — has come home" #Brexit
The Labour leader slammed offers of talks from as a 'stunt', calling on her to ditch her #Brexit red lines. Get the latest on cross party talks here:
PM May Fights to Keep Brexit on Track After Surviving a No-Confidence Vote
Theresa May Made A Late Night Downing Street Statement On Brexit And It's Left People Fuming - is there no limit to her incompetence? Clearly not.
#WTOBrexit #Brexit I’ll go with those who are in the know, thanks:
Have You Heard The Word? #news Stories via #news #brexit
Important speech here by about challenges facing UK environment after Brexit. We must have an Office of Environmental Responsibility on a statutory footing to keep Ministers in check.
Patrick Harvie: “Our parliament has a clear majority against Brexit on principle; a clearer majority in favour of a People’s Vote, and even clearer majority in favour of casting a No Confidence motion at Westminster against the UK Government.”
Brexit: Theresa May meeting MPs 'to seek consensus' -
Kicking off the show with on Bogle, Brexit/EU future and the skill of selling... Also hear his MiB with Jack Bogle here:
Her software is way out of date &amp; apparently no one in her party is prepared and/or sufficiently skilled to update it
I want this man for our next Prime Minister. Yesterday please. #conservatives #brexitdebate
All the more reason to keep him in retirement. Wonder if his family get to vote on what he dishes up for brekkie.
Has it exactly.
My preference too. !
This isn't a belief or an opinion, they are facts. He lost the 2017 general election. There has been almost zero progress on Brexit since 2016. In 2016, 172 Labour MPs voted for a no confidence motion in Corbyn vs. 40 against - what saved him was OMOV, a Miliband policy.
EVERY tweet on the Twitter Page of journalist is Anti-Brexit. Despite Brexit winning the National Referendum He is totally obsessed! Isn't this bias the ultimate Establishment #fakenews!
