What place will britain be in after the brexit dust has settled??? #brexit
You're right Ray. Based upon your sdvice I wish to re-order my choice of events as follows: 1) Brexit withdrawal deal fails to get thro' Parl. 2)TM resigns 3) GE called 4) Lab majority (pref) or progressive alliance of LAB/SNP/PLAIDCmyru et cetera 5) 2nd Referendum withREMoutcome
Great discussions with and the session on #Brexit plenty of questions and a great atmosphere.
Hague being surprisingly honest about the Tory party there
Remainers deal with tariff facts. Not this Brexit propaganda based on something he read in the Daily Star and didn't understand.
Spanish Prime Minister threatens Brexit 'veto' over Gibraltar
Have your feelings on Brexit changed in any matter? I'm Canadian and have no dog in that fight.
Hands up who voted for this! #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote #NoBrexit #NotBuyingIt
May rebuts Trump’s Brexit trade comments
If you’re a Business Analyst in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a calamity for you. If you live in the West Midlands then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this calamity! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Fresh row looms as No 10 refuses to publish full Brexit legal advice
My liberty may be at stake, here. Brexit is no laughing matter.
Oh dear. Back to the book of skullduggery then.
Uncovered: the Rich List “Codfathers” dominating the UK’s fishing industry #lbc #fbpe #libdems #conservatives #labour #plaidcymru #snp #ukip #abtv #waton #stupidbrexiteers #itvnews #bbcnews #c4news #5news #skynews #PeoplesVote #Brexit #StopBrexit #bbcqt
Brexit can be canceled it has been agreed. Message your MP and tell them: … #brexit #PeoplesVote #skypapers #bbcnews #bbcbreakfast #channel4news #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy
If we are kept as a Colony of the undemocratic EU Colonial Empire that ends democracy as we have known it for 400 years. From then on its every person for themselves and screw Parliament.
Needs his brexit to turn us into a socialist republic.
BBC News - Food warehouses 'almost full' ahead of Brexit
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
Nicola if you want to play at Westminster stand as an MP .. You are a glorified Councillor nothing more so off you trot Blackford is the leader of SNP in Westminster
You will provide the evidence to show Brexit damages the Union, and is bad for NI economy ?
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
'Norway-plus' #Brexit option gaining ground, says Nicola Sturgeon
.. and that's the latest one from Jeremy Corbyn's Labour: 'Losing My Vote', taken from the album It's All Over Now, Baby, He's Blue...
another betrayal of brexit , May has no intervention of controlling migration or ending FOM - brexit is more than this but its bloody annoying!!
Too little ,too late.
Errrmmm, nope. ? Yes. ? Certainly. ? Most definitely. ? Indeed yes. But ? Nope. Just nope. May as well ask Boris or Farage!!!
This would be unfair to our friends in the EU and in particular to the Republic of Ireland. We would be using our tax system to generate a competitive advantage on the world stage. No, wait a minute, that’s a cracking idea. That’s what I fucking voted for in the first place.
Brexit was a vote for change in the relationship between the governed and the governing. It was not about harms per se or trade or economics or even necessarily immigration. It was about who controls us and how. You are happy with that being the EU, 52% were not.
Trump Disparages Brexit Deal, Blindsiding May
#Solihull #Brexit You shouldn’t have to be an expert to understand what goes on in Parliament. Your politicians represent you… but what exactly do they do in your name?
British Prime Minister Theresa May has rebutted US President Donald Trump's warning about the future of Anglo-American trade, saying a trade deal was possible and that work towards it was making good progress....
MARION VAN RENTERGHEM: ‘Brexit is the perfect argument for Scottish independence’
This response to Theresa May’s letter has gone viral
Absolutely. Hard-sell to the UK; easy-sell to the EU. I wonder why
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
Nothing says "debate" like two similar parties with the same views and wants. Dickheads the lot of them.
did uou just listen to that stupid tories ... scatland is not in England but Westminster decide gor Scotland ???? WTF ?!
What an advertisement for Blairism..
Even more pointless with Nicola in it - remain isn’t an option
Oh no it wouldn’t , Brexiteers want. WTO.
highlight of my day was talking to Colin who was in his 80s for 45 mins about Kafka, Orwell, Brexit, Arms companies, climate change, existentialism, Sartre, God, religion and finally the interconnected universe. Wonderful man, I hope to talk to him again one day.
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
He's hoping for a General Election. That's all Labour have been angling for now for two years. Even is at it now. Rubbishing the idea of stopping Brexit and saying that we need a GE instead. Grubby power play from Labour
My take on an important aspect of the Brexit crisis.... Notes on a dying ideology
Brexit can be canceled it has been agreed. Message your MP and tell them: … #brexit #PeoplesVote #skypapers #bbcnews #bbcbreakfast #channel4news #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy
May's terrified of meeting her supporters never mind the most formidable politician in the land.
Talking to a notaire here in France this afternoon. Brexit came up, he said there are 3 great powers in the EU. Broadly speaking, they are the ones making policy. The powers? Germany, France, Britain.
Bad. In every fucking possible way. #BrexitShambles
Now watch the sycophantic #Remoan Left MPs go berserk with joy at being able to vote alongside their Tory counterparts in order to push through #May's #faux-Brexit &amp; the LibLabCon will be exposed finally for what it is.
Rev Harold Good has become the latest to voice concern about the potential reaction of Loyalists in Northern Ireland amid Brexit divisions
They thought Therese May said 'biscuits. '
It was never Mays #brexit deal she was just nodding her head all the way through. #Uk has to choose deal or stay. Hard Brexit is just a profiteer programm for brexiteers. See it as a Bet.
Good idea if you don't really want brexit though.
The lack of preparation for a No Deal Brexit is a failure of government on a par with Chamberlain's failure to prepare for Nazi aggression in the thirties. And compare her WA capitulation to his Munich piece of paper too
Sink with the UK Brexit Titanic ...that’s a definite NO THANX....Scotland can do much better as an Independent and democratic nation .
It's not about agreement. It's about facts. All the parties together could NOT have directly influenced Brexit. And NO Tory "rebel" has actually rebelled. Not my opinions, facts. You need to place the blame where it truly lies, mate. And it's not with Corbyn or Labour.
Corbyn needs to go...
#Brexit: May heads to Scotland as deal founders in Westminster
Nice idea, but they don't want us to find out that the BREXIT they try to sell to us was never possible.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
This could be political dynamite. The Executive ignoring the expressed will of Parliament. The last one to try that was Charles 1. It didn't end well for him, did it?
It’s laughable that these bots think their ‘arguements’ are logical or sane. ‘Brexit should not hurt anyone’. What a peabrained comment. ‘A fully costed Brexit’, ha,ha. He, she, they, it has obviously forgotten the other element involved-the duplicitous EU.
Ireland will wake up to their error of judgement.
Not often you agree with Boris.
Brexit can be canceled it has been agreed. Message your MP and tell them: … #brexit #PeoplesVote #skypapers #bbcnews #bbcbreakfast #channel4news #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy
The latest recruit to Renew, Jesse Burgess of Made in Chelsea fame. Let's keep our cheap flights to Ibiza by stopping Brexit with a people's vote. #PeoplesVote #BrexitShambles
DUP reveals REAL reason why Irish businesses support Theresa May’s Brexit deal #news #breakingnews
Yes, What are you afraid of?
Well that nails Independence!
Oh, Bruce. You fucking little twat. NME Live: Iron Maiden’s Bruce Dickinson reveals why he voted to leave the EU and says he’s ‘quite relaxed’ about Brexit. via
hearing things like this means that we can have no trust in you or the position you are taking because you are clearly too scared to give MPs the full details. The only conclusion we draw is that the truth must be bloody awful! Stop resorting to lies &amp; subterfuge!
I just demanded that the broadcasters promise fair representation in the TV Brexit debates. I think the public should hear from anti-Brexit voices as well as Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn. Add your name to 's petition:
Told Thatcher about our Brexit, you bunch of lavatory bowls!
May busy: publicity push to get voters behind her deal. She knows can effect MPs when time to vote: potentially change minds to backing deal - real risk. Brexiters need to organise at speed. PUBLICLY PUSH opposing view of WTO Brexit. Benefits of a clean Brexit. No time to waste.
I don't see an alternative #Brexit agreement being offered to JC, if such is the outcome of an election. The socialist economic policies would be more impactful under terms of agreement than no deal? (No Brexit being best outcome, naturally)
Why does David Brock care about UK's #Brexit? Why would the Dem party invest in Remain movement? And.... Why are American progressive political "activists" pretending to be Brits on social media?
59% currently say that would support the UK fenestration industry by purchasing more British made products:
UK parliament to vote on Brexit deal on December 11
Tough UK PM Theresa May rebukes Trump as she bids to sell Brexit deal and insisted Britain could strike trade agreements outside the EU as she launched a nationwide tour. Trump thinks she should deal with US instead.
Brilliant bit of work done here - search the list to see how your local MP will vote on the Brexit Deal (if they've commented publicly). If you don't like what you find, you can do something about it. Good reporting leads to good democracy!
What in Gods name is this bullshit? Of course theres an attempt to overturn the 2016 vote, it was run by a campaign that lied multiple times, broke laws and was extremely dishonest Now that people know what #Brexit really means the majority no longer agree with it. #PeoplesVote
After Brexit, the French will be selling small boats
Pauline Latham MP Mid Derbys. - Tory MP issues scathing attack on Theresa May over Brexit plan
Fresh row looms as No 10 refuses to publish full Brexit legal advice
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
Fresh row, as No 10 refuses to publish full Brexit legal advice, despite a House of Commons resolution. Where's the Democracy #Brexiters, isn't this a misuse of sovereignty #Brexit's favourite want?! #PeoplesVoteNow, #StopBrexitNow, #StopBrexitSaveBritain
Is *this* taking back control? I’m confused #fbpe
Theresa May has done an amazing job,despite all the antagonising opposition by men... Boris Johnson,would have been laughed out of EU... Theresa May will likely leave as PM after the the deal she got fails But leaving the EU without a deal, there will be zero% export for England
From stockpiling to plant closures, here’s how companies are reacting to Brexit via
Always thought he was an absolute weapons, so....
#Brexit #TV debate: commentators discuss possible line-up
Sorry to say democracy vanished when Thatcher walked into No 10 got rid of all the civil servants &amp; brought in her own people. Since then it’s been a Presidency in all but name. Since Cameron/May it looks like a dictatorship.
Glad that the Scottish Colleges and Universities are making a statement on Brexit - with our Principal at the helm:
Titillating Weiler comment on UK right to withdraw unilaterally #Brexit notification. Dangerous mix however of legal &amp; political considerations.
Tony Blair would rip Brexit to shreds in such a debate. Also John Major. Apparently even Jeremy Hunt is so scared of Blair, in case it gives him a legitimate platform. Blair no matter what was a Statesman exactly what Labour lack today.
The latest Go-Pass (UK) Driver Training Daily! Thanks to #brexit #drivertraining
Massively anti- Brexit, I would love the to eliminate terrorism, and staying in the EU is the best way to eliminate this. As for the PC brigade, I hate it. It’s a mainly bollocks. I’m not arguing about Brexit any further, there are more intelligent people than me to do this
Surprise, another Brexiteer who's terrified of a real public debate with the real opposition to Brexit.
Not wasting my precious bollocks to Brexit stickers when I can just use felt pen .... #DontBackTheBrexitDeal #NotBuyingIt #PeoplesVoteWithOption2Remain
i'm shocked in him TBH, where is Mrs Thatcher's trust in you Mr ??? she said "vote for William Hague, have you got the name". a true loss that you have not kept 1 inch of Thatcherism. #Brexit me ASAP #NoDeal
You are not above the will of Parliament &amp; your obvious contempt for parliamentary democracy renders you even more unfit for office than you already were. RESIGN. Fresh row looms as No 10 refuses to publish full Brexit legal advice
Are they in NATO? No. There’s your answer. It’s that protects us and we must look after it and avoid the distraction of an EU white elephant army #brexit #leave #PeoplesVote
So he doesn’t trust forrscasts, essentially instead just has a hunch there will be a Brexit dividend..... still the government is flapping in the wind without a clue or a rudder....
With Trump panic stricken about the Mueller investigation, May focused on Brexit, Macron contending with ‘yellow vests’ and Merkel planning her retirement it’s a good job we don’t have a nuclear powered aggressive dictatorship with ambitions of expansion on our doorstep...oh shit
Tom Brown's Faith-Schooldays The Misadventures of Trump's Lawyer Oh, The Places You'll Go, but no longer be free to study, work live or retire in thanks to Brexit (catchy!) #PoliticizeAChildrensClassic
Brexiteers, is this what you meant by #TakeBackControl? Is this respecting the #WillOfThePeople? Who holds the gov't to account when it just ignores the rules?
The only one that will be left poorer,weaker and isolated is the UK.
#Brexit court case 'could lead to disaster', EU lawyers warn
I just demanded that the broadcasters promise fair representation in the TV Brexit debates. I think the public should hear from anti-Brexit voices as well as Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn. Add your name to 's petition:
Theresa May does not have the UK'S best interest at hand. She never has, shes a puppet of the EU! England needs a new prime minister, because the one they have isn't listening to her people, They voted to leave the EU!
What nonsense! Treason May is not touring the country listening to ordinary people, she is avoiding parliament to avoid the embarrassment of all sides attacking her for her #BrexitBetrayal. If she was listening to the 17.4 million who voted #Brexit we wouldn't be in this mess!
It the Goebbels principle, and it worked throughout the Brexit campaign. Lies and misinformation repeated endlessly, (in many cases since 1975) like Johnson’s claim that we can make our own laws again once out of the EU, gain traction. The Tories in full on Goebbels mode.
UKIP: RT WarPlanPurple: FIGHT THE BREXIT BETRAYAL For as little as £4 per month: #FORTHENATION
Is anyone right about #brexit?
It has been said that Brexit is more popular in England for that very reason. No English parliament, national anthem, costume, dance, music. In fact, lack of identity that allows enough pride to then be comfortable within a union of equals.
Brexit can be canceled it has been agreed. Message your MP and tell them: … #brexit #PeoplesVote #skypapers #bbcnews #bbcbreakfast #channel4news #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy
Rees Mogg must be one of the only, if not the only Somerset MP to be voting against it
#c4news Boris 2 letters. One remain one leave.....lets all listen to that clown
Jeremy Corbyn allies deny claim he is preparing to back a second Brexit referendum
Remainers will claim, 50 years from now, that Saint Jeremy tried his hardest to stop Brexit!!
Why are you doing this - it's a waste of time because your MPs will vote it down and we will be a bigger mess than that **** Cameron got us in with the Brexit vote in the first place
And finally..the behaviour you are so angry about is just the sort of thing the UK wants to do..and worse..and already is..in the name of Brexit....think about it.
this is corruption straight from the school
Brexit bollocks
The reason there's no upside to this deal is because the deal ISN'T Brexit - and you know that full well. It's clear that nobody wanted this outcome - the people who voted leave wanted to LEAVE the EU. If we leave with no deal, there's nothing in the way of a US trade deal.
Nigel Farage should be there
Please keep writing to them. I urge you.
We’re living through a far right #brexit dictatorship run by a corrupt racist, xenophobic dictator
She is running scared of any and all serious debate.
So he won the Brexit vote, then when it was his time to lead the ship he'd set sail, he let someone else take the wheel because he knew it would be a total mess and he couldn't deliver the land of unicorns he promised.
May just told us how to stop Brexit…
#TheresaMay fails to soften DUP’s #Brexit stance on North visit
#Ruthin restless over #Brexit
*There is an ideological Left-wing case for Brexit which in current circumstances does not stand
Brexit can be canceled it has been agreed. Message your MP and tell them: … #brexit #PeoplesVote #skypapers #bbcnews #bbcbreakfast #channel4news #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy
She's welcome to come to my house. Bring security.
Owen Smith. 36 seconds.. #owensmith #newlabour #satire #TonyBlair #blairite #JeremyCorbyn #BrexitShambles #brexit #legacy 233
You’re right, I did not say all Brits, there are some very hard working people. I feel that the UK benefited from being a cosmopolitan society. It’s sad that we won’t have that after Brexit.
Brexit is like if D-day had been planned to invade France via Siberia instead of Normandy.
Thank you, we need to keep having MPs come out and live by their word that they are against this deal. What we need is an informed people's vote on the deal, with an option to remain. All without May's redactions of truth and miss leading false hoods.
How do you "unleash" an entity like Gove? It's like "unleashing" a fart that you aren't sure is actually a fart.
How any Remainer still back stance on Brexit is beyond me. He commits own goal after own goal.
Brexit.
Here’s The Inside Story Of What’s Really Going On With Labour And Brexit
The U.K. has a Brexit deal, but business still can’t relax.
Family prepare for 'No Deal Brexit' by stockpiling 'essential' items
17m people - more than ever voted for anything in the UK - voted Leave. At what point do you come out &amp; admit your view, viz. "You're all morons. I know best, so cancel Brexit". Say it; at least that's honest, rather than the pretence you're the defence against "the alt-right".
Good luck with that. We've got some very Glaswegian horizontal rain forecast for tomorrow. Maybe it'll prompt her to go, "Ah, fuck this - let's call the whole thing off".
Downing Street will reportedly not give full Brexit legal advice to MPs
#EU’s top court will give ‘quick’ verdict on whether UK can reverse #Brexit =&gt;
Another stalwart of the real Labour Party. So unfashionable now as we are led into the madness of Brexit land.
2 best mates promoting a 'Stand against Racism March'.. in guise.. .... When actually it's a Brexit March for good decent people. #embarresing
DUP reveals real reason why Irish businesses support Theresa May's #Brexit deal
So, the “experts” we’re not supposed to believe are the government trying to force Brexit down our throats. #irony
Not sure if #Brexit can be overturned, but #Article50 could be revoked.
Brexit can be canceled it has been agreed. Message your MP and tell them: … #brexit #PeoplesVote #skypapers #bbcnews #bbcbreakfast #channel4news #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy
Rees-Mogg: "He [Trump] has pointed something out that is obvious from reading the withdrawal agreement, that is we won't be able to make trade deals with other countries because we'll be bound into the EU customs union."
And that’s why we voted leave in the first place
#InsideTheForeignOffice 1/2 This documentary was first shown on BBC2 9pm repeated at 11.15pm. It shone a spotlight on what an advantaged, ignorant fraud Boris Johnson really is. A true ambassador of Brexit for his own interests, rather than being Foreign Secretary for the UK.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Welcome to the world of HARD BREXIT. Disgusting.
The huge irony of Brexit is that under the slogan 'take back control' the May government, sustained only by the DUP, has repeatedly sought to take back control from Parliament:
We don’t endure him we just ignore him
Na I agree with her. Filth need to tone it down. Have a chat with your mate ask her how brexit is going and wish her a peaceful Christmas
Brexit can be canceled it has been agreed. Message your MP and tell them: … #brexit #PeoplesVote #skypapers #bbcnews #bbcbreakfast #channel4news #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy
Foxtrot outta here t may. I’m not diverting anything from my NAP budget.
Think what one may about and the , it seems to me she is showing tremendous leadership and strength of character throughout this most difficult and unfortunate process. She's also wonderfully articulate; it would make for a great debate. #Brexit
#Brexit: Loyalist paramilitary representatives ‘extremely hostile’ to #TheresaMay deal
Welcome Brexit Britain. These people are scumbags
Brexit Britain close to agreeing open skies deal with US | Financial Times
Good news: Germany joins Netherlands in calling for an EU-level #MagnitskyAct. Perhaps it will be added to the 13-14 December #EUCO agenda? #EUvalues #HumanRights #UDHR70
she's (and brexit in general) seem to have done a straight "blame the foreigners" diversionary tactic, which is a very old trick, and seems to have worked once more :(
"Parliamentary Sovereignty"!
I think he is referring solely to Brexit, specifically the debate about a 2nd vote (whether or not to have one, what options are listed, etc.)
The unravelling of 40 years is complicated. Imagine making the momentous decision to leave then get bored with the process? Was it all that flippant? Brexit will have a legacy for decades, long after most leavers have gone. The young won’t have the luxury of getting bored with it
Brexit Lie: the UK never lost control of its borders by being in the EU. But UK governments did by not doing their job.
I tryst sturgeon to speak her mind - shame the Lib Dem’s are not asked to the table, would be totally appropriate
and THAT is how she consoles herself to tell LIES when she say's her deal delivers on Brexit - a technicality in her mind #MayMustGoNow #Brexit #NoDealBrexit
In contravention of a binding motion passed in the House of Commons, Downing Street has today said it will not publish the Brexit legal advice it received and will only give MPs a "reasoned position statement" ahead of the meaningful vote.
Brexit can be canceled it has been agreed. Message your MP and tell them: … #brexit #PeoplesVote #skypapers #bbcnews #bbcbreakfast #channel4news #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy
If Gove shook my hand, I would count my fingers afterwards- this oily snake has form
NME Live: Iron Maiden’s Bruce Dickinson reveals why he voted to leave the EU and says he’s ‘quite relaxed’ about Brexit. via
How can stand up in the HOC and tell us her deal is the best she can do after she what she has said about the integrity of the UK beggars belief. Does she think people are thick. Get the useless sod out. NOW! #Brexit
Theresa May's Brexit Deal Is 'Doomed', Says Ex-Ally Michael Fallon
“Rolls Over”? You could hear the thud of her knickers hitting the floor all the way from Brussels! The EU team getting a passive May-Bang.
There’s a brexit joke in there somewhere..
BLOODBATH! Over 400 MPs to nix #May's deal out of 650, 231 for deal. May aided by mercenaries like #Gove guns 4 hire. #Brexit
“... to negotiate a Brexit which can reunite our divided country.” IMPOSSIBLE.
So disrupted families, increased crime, greater stress on social support systems, and increases in suicide rates, is the new “price worth paying”. Thanks Theresa. Thanks Brexit supporters.
About time the #World ignored and go ut alone without these #USA. #DeNiro is right #FuckTrump.
is fundamentally anti market and anti eu. The two are conflated. #uklabour don't have a prayer with their six points for #Brexit And a general election between two anti-eu parties makes no sense at all.
Great to hear denouement being used to describe the closing minutes of the CSKA Moscow vViktoria Plzen match.Hopefully with this level of language Brexit will disappear over the back stop.
Insist on a real debate
Farage appear on Fox News hours before Trump’s Brexit outburst
The latest The Daily View! #brexit #myclimatequestions
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Subscribe Here to get a few chapters for FREE from the book Please #RT #gold #silver #stocks #trading #trades #markets #Investing #today #rich #education #hope #dreams #Giveaway #free #positivity #focus #goals #life #money #success #fun #levelup #brexit
Liddington says Nicola should debate Fluffy. PLEASE make this happen!
The Brexit deal Theresa May is seeking to “impose” on Scotland could end up costing the equivalent of £1,600 a year, Nicola Sturgeon has warned.
Not all the news is about #Brexit. Some of it is actually worse... if you can believe it. #Bugger
Eu ran by self-serving, tax dodging criminals, who knew! Still, remainers wank over them!
Steve Bell on Trump savaging May's Brexit deal – cartoon
Horrific. You can see his advisors &amp; civil servants trying to get him to focus but he's more concerned with making jokes. You can also see them trying to find euphemisms for the fact that Boris's stupid Brexit is causing chaos. I hope there's an inquiry into this mess &amp; his role.
Downing St set for clash with the HOC. Parly procedure is fascinating. Bercow ruled the documents shld be released to MPs, not just a summary... May has something to hide...
The majority of the British public are for TV debates! This time round it could be May v Corbyn.
"Can I interest you in a easy - to - finance, low - interest #Brexit deal?
The MP of #Worcester 'Robin Caspar Walker' who openly campaigned for Britain to Remain in the EU, has tonight been on stating he supports #Brexit Deal. An MP who doesn't listen to his constituents needs to be ousted ASAP! #ToriesOut
I just demanded that the broadcasters promise fair representation in the TV Brexit debates. I think the public should hear from anti-Brexit voices as well as Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn. Add your name to 's petition:
I agree Brexit = bad so not going to debate further on that. It was the assertion that Aberdeen was the most negatively impacted city in uk that I wanted to understand. Anyway, I asked the question about the source and got an answer we are all good. Cheers.
Marcate un Lorna Bliss en Britain's got talent.
Show me someone who thinks this!!? Brexiters know brexit doesn't even start with May's deal, remainers know the fight goes on whatever happens to her deal.
Completely crazy!
a letter that was released three days ago states what we are going to have a Brexit Deal. However I'm pretty sure that almost everything thing that the letter states we are going to get is what leaving the EU with no deal would of resulted in, in the first place
Obama threatened to put us to the back of the queue. Trump has let us know that we are still in the EU. He's done brexiteers a right favour. No deal, we get the Brexit we voted for. Mug.
Readers’ Poll: Should Nicola Sturgeon be involved in any Brexit TV debate?
Interesting you were happy with Donald Trump's views on Brexit, but furious when Barack Obama made a similar intervention. It's almost as though you don't think anyone who disagrees with you should have a voice. It's a bit like being a facist.
The Government Is Wargaming What Happens If It Wins The Meaningful Vote On #Brexit
The Government Is Wargaming What Happens If It Wins The Meaningful Vote On #Brexit
Economic sanctions are mostly counterproductive, they ALWAYS hurt innocent citizens rather than their corrupt rulers and they result in economic losses on both sides. Let's lift ALL sanctions after #Brexit for mutual prosperity and security.
T May rejects Donald Trump's criticism of Brexit deal. T. May is an absolute fool and liar living in a fool and liars paradise. When we leave the EU is when we make our own laws, control our own borders and fish etc.This deal does none of that, it keeps us in.
Unbelievably weak
Amazing how the BBC can follow Mrs May in Wales and not find one person who disagrees with her deal and wants a proper brexit.
V v v strongly agree with the premise: impossible to build consent for change on such a referendum process. Rep Dem designed especially to consider such a complex issue as #brexit
Our sovereignty is at risk, force the UK government to ensure we can unilaterally withdraw from the Brexit backstop with the EU. Please sign this petition and retweet:
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
We currently have 36 trade agreements covering 60 non-EU countries, as a member of the EU.
Ah, #Brexit and development: here we go. This is why so many developers funded &amp; lobbied for it; and #Schumacher &amp; #Spiked/LM etc helped, serving up #socialhousing as "sink estates". But #Legatum #CreateStreets here claim no views were taken on Brexit(!) and block
If you find destroying a country (that includes remainers) via thwarting democracy with a fake version of brexit... is funny or karma.... your the type of oddball who’d cut off their nose to spite their face.... you’d suffer too unless you emigrated
If I felt our government could be better, I’d agree. But a) the short/medium/long term damage brexit doesn’t seem worth it just to get slightly more sovereignty b) if it wasn’t this government maybe I’d be more excited
Tory Party is an absolute disgrace. They don't even pretend now to be democratic.
They voted for Brexit , admit they were lied to two years later. they are going to be very harshly hit by Brexit .........BUT THEN DEFEND IT AND INSIST IT MUST BE SUPPORTED. Now that's stupid.
Not only killing her own party - but herself ???? WHO is actually pulling her strings ?............. #Brexit #BrexitBetrayal #brexitshambles
As ever, the left hand doesn’t know what the right hand is doing when it comes to Brexit.
Was Henry VIII the original Brexiteer? Professor Brendan Simms argues that Brexit has historical parallels with the 16th century English Reformation. #bradylecture #goethelondon
Why Brexit is tearing the United Kingdom apart - - Why Brexit is tearing the United Kingdom apart May defends Brexit deal as Trump casts doubt on UK ability to trade... #NewsAndInformation
#Brexit: May heads to Scotland as deal founders in Westminster
The EU is not a weapon. Maybe this does have to do with Brexit? A weaker EU is less able to stop Russian expansion is that the idea? I don't think its logical. NATO is NATO regardless of Brexit. Yes some soldiers are in danger but rather them than an escalation into war.
please #RT asap #economics #SPX #trading #options #brexit #Italexit #GRExit #stocks #markets #Motivation #today #SundayThoughts
Emmanuel Macron rejects parallels between French 'yellow vest' protests and Brexit
News Stand: Brexit talks, Salmond probe and farm death - STV News: 1F
I would vote Corbyn if he stopped Brexit. There is nothing else on this world that would persuade me to do so.
#Brexit: May heads to Scotland as deal founders in Westminster
And I wonder if both of them - Brexit and May's PMship - will turn out not to be as 'real' as all that. Certainly it's the kind of situation that Labour should be able to exploit - but (thanks in large part to the FTPA) it'll take some fairly fancy footwork.
What patronising bollox (to brexit) is the spectacle of dancing around the country in a vain attempt to ‘sell brexit deal’ whilst ignoring the fact that we know it’s futile all the time she insists on giving us no choice of a #PeoplesVote She’s fooling no one!
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
Interesting
Theresa May rejects Donald Trump's criticism of Brexit deal
This is funny because the withdrawal agreement WILL NOT win the meaningful vote lol.
‘It’s historical STUPIDITY’ Fury in Spain after Sanchez agrees Gibraltar Brexit deal
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Femi check Jo Maughan Good Law Project Art 50 case ECJ it appears that Parliament can Revoke Art 50 with a simple majority vote of MPs MPs can stop Brexit and the UK can Remain Said many time Parliament is Sovereign the MPs sitting in the HoC they have the Peoples authority
Anyone who believes in Brexit is either not smart enough to deal or compromised by the Russians. The question remains: which one are you?
I hope he is right, but I think she has a point. He needs to change the tone. #indyref2
Trump's comments on trade post-Brexit have Nigel Farage's oily little fingers all over them. Farage has been described as 'a person of interest' by the CIA.
Arthur, Brexit is about playing groups of people against each other. Is and them. The more people in precarious residential status, the more obedience
#NorwayPlus , #peoplesvote or #citizensassembly on Brexit: #brexitassembly ? In the chaos of Brexit there may be a new way of reopening the debate and enabling British people’s voices to be heard
Hi I think this is important news. I asked how you will vote on the the PM's Brexit deal? You haven't replied yet. I am hoping you will vote against it and support a people's vote.
Yes May’s is far worse! No we are not better off just to stay in the EU! We are leaving. Come what may... respect the democratic vote!! Fed up with this constant nudging and fear mongering!
hats off to her
Mother Sturgeon of Glascutta won't be popular in indy circles !
10% ( at best ) --- as it was certainly not spelled out and is not even being articulated by the Tories even now ! #Brexit #politics
I had 60 seconds so I watched it. What a load of waffle. Every single sentence unravels as soon as you read it.
Could be forcing the point of what Brexit offers. It doesn’t preclude us reversing it. They will want this, AS LONG AS it’s not a way of gaining two more years of negotiating, by rescinding then re-activating.
Piss off your a poor 4th party now Your opinions change with the wind and oh wheres my kids uni fees you lying robbing bastards?
I 2nd that.
They might not agree on everything but they should suck up their egos and work together on what they DO agree on like Brexit.
It is important to keep clearly in mind that both votes - "brexit" and Trump - were simply stolen and not valid - and the same group of conspirators stole both votes.
Brexit
and MK Labour voters hate Brexit more than the tories and WlLL vote for pro-EU parties that can't win rather than a pro-Brexit Labour party on principle!
It'd be Brexit. A very Brexity idea to have 'er on the note.
This #DieHardIsAChristmasFilm thread will cheer you up from all the #Brexit #trump #StormDiana madness.
If there's non alcholic whiskey, I am down
...you have to give it to him, even with his limitations he managed to fool lots of people to vote for Brexit
Why would May need to have a debate with Corbyn on #Brexit they both want to stay anyway!
Could be that MP’s are fighting for their personal believe. Against Brexit at all cost
Lol imagine living your life believing all of this.
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
I must admit, it's tempting.
Theresa May heads to Scotland as Brexit deal founders in Westminster via
More fake news from mainstream journalists trying to influence Brexit | Pride's Purge
Just had an axe taken to one of my 2019 budgets in case you were wondering how business is viewing Brexit.
I just demanded that the broadcasters promise fair representation in the TV Brexit debates. I think the public should hear from anti-Brexit voices as well as Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn. Add your name to 's petition:
#Brexit • The Norway option has so much going for it. There is just one small thing via
"Lets do Brexit." "Alright."
No deal would be horrific; but I am increasingly thinking that allowing this abomination of a Government to force through Mays deal would be an even greater threat to our future democracy.
How about zero cash and a massive credit card debt?
Divided we fall, What's #Brexit?
Sooo rumours are going round that pokemon gen 8 will be set in a region based on the uk. Just, lol, the rival team should be called team tories, the trainer has to stop brexit and pokemarts are gonna charge u 10p for plastic bags.
#Article50 is revocable, or can be delayed. You don't have to vote to make us all poorer to prove a point. Turn down this deal, then help us fix it. Or stop Brexit altogether. Your colleagues, your constituents and the country demand, and deserve, better. Everything else is bull.
Looking forward to reviewing the week in international politics with on this morning. Topics for discussion include: #Brexit latest; #taiwanelections; the #KerchStrait confrontation; and some #Israel politics
"We have to stop London before it destroys us"??? Hang on I didn't realise Mortal Engines was actually about #Brexit
Brent’s Labour council passes motion for a People’s Vote on Brexit
Why not consider a common sense, pro Brexit party for decent people. See if the SDP New Declaration resonates for you. I jumped the Tory ship in July FYI
Alan Duncan: Blue Rinse poofter.
well fwiw raising of work caps doesn't make anything easier, it just means more applications and potentially more people. path to ILR/citizenship is becoming harder post brexit alongside increasing fees, and most people on T2 return home after 5 years
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
Theresa May rejects Donald Trump's criticism of Brexit deal
Yup, that's what he was up to while we were all worrying about trump and Brexit. He's creating a buffer zone by destabilising his neighbours. We're arguing about pronouns.
3/ Basically, “out means out” stands: you cannot have Brexit without hard border because in such a case, having no hard border means you haven’t got Brexit.
"We're doomed!"
I would, but you are him.
how dificult was this to gain? Time you lrft &amp; BoJo advised the eu THIS IS WHAT THE BRITISH REQUIRE NOW!
No, the British Goverment just sign off a calamitous Brexit deal which the vast majority did not ask for, leavers and remainers, which will screw us over for generations. Now that is what you can Orwellian
. Are you kidding me - public services will be even worse than they already with Brexit
Write to your MP today to tell them you're #NotBuyingIt. No one wants this dodgy #Brexit deal. Demand a #PeoplesVote:
Savings on Britain's contributions to the EU budget would make up only a fraction of the potential damage to the economy after Brexit, study finds
i am all for Brexit, but if they are not going to listen to 17.4 Million, they are not going to listen to this its got to be done on the streets
This fantastic response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
She is scared Scotland will get off its knees and we’ll take back control of our country, Gas, Oil, Fishing and Whisky etc. #Brexit #ClairRidgeOilField #WakeUpScotland #YouYesYet #DTU
Activists demand UK environment watchdog in Brexit trade deal – The Guardian
If it's best for the country (which it is), they should say so, instead of continually saying they're going to respect the result of the referendum, negotiate their own brexit deal, etc.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media captionFootage shows people smuggling plans over Channel crossing People smugglers are telling migrants that they must enter the UK...
Yup it will happen when and if we have a clear definitive shift in British public attitudes on Brexit since 2016. Polls are inconclusive on that right now, despite the tiresome efforts of hard Remain groups to manufacture that through push polling
David Mundell facing calls to quit over Emmanuel Macron Brexit fishing threat - PoliticsHome
will trade with England after Brexit! Theresa May just has to have one of her media critics executed! She'll be an instant buddy!!! No prob! May rebukes Trump as she bids to sell Brexit deal
They should refuse.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Brexit: a metaphor.
Fair play you’re not biting on Brexit but I guess even you can’t defend the indefensible
Public Opinion will chrystalise on the day that Supermarket shelves become empty.
Can’t we hold off until after Brexit?
My MP, Mike Freer for Finchley, says he doesn’t not support a People’s vote, citing the general election of 2017 as a second referendum on Brexit, and will vote in favour of the the PM’s deal. Monumentally depressing to have a representative of such calibre #PeoplesVote #Brexit
Forget May v Corbyn, This Is The Brexit TV Debate We SHOULD See - LBC #lbc #fbpe #libdems #conservatives #labour #plaidcymru #snp #ukip #abtv #waton #stupidbrexiteers #itvnews #bbcnews #c4news #5news #skynews #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit #bbcparliament #Brexit
on the other side of the coin 1700 uk people to lose their jobs here in france as they will be unable to work as civil servants without being eu citizens after brexit bad news all round!!
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Brexit is now very close to being lost. A battle looms between Remain and a Hollow Brexit (with No Deal ignored). If that goes to referendum, Remain looks a very strong contender, as Brexiteers switch support to it or boycott the poll. A 60%+ win now looks feasible. IMHO.
Leaving isn’t enough, leaving in the right way is what the uk deserves
People voted to leave....with no idea what it would actually deliver and what it would cost. We will be much worse off, each one of us leaving the EU and we were told they would be buckets of money and a Brexit dividend. Lies, now we need people to vote on reality.
Doris Nasty's Farewell Tour gets off to bad start as audience pans Belfast gig.
Jeremy Corbyn says he 'relishes' prospect of live TV debate with Theresa May on Brexit deal - PoliticsHome
Here you go this is what will happen because may sold her soul to juncker and the weasel did his deal with may , where’s the 48 resignations? Liars
Terrific read.
Your resignation?
True, Brexit is a very unfunny joke. Don't worry about your liberty, I'll bake you a cake with a file in it.
Clear cut Contempt of Parliament. Get the Sergeant at Arms to lock the relevant Sec of State up for a few hours to reconsider.
I am sure you must have alternative figures . But seeing as the GOVERNMENTS own assessments agree with this i would love to know how.
Are you a business law solicitor? Join us for #SolicitorChat Thursday 9-10:00 discussing legal tips for small businesses. - What are the most common legal issues faced by SMEs? - How can small businesses prepare for Brexit? - What top 3 legal tips would you give to SME owners?
Chanelling William Wallace ?
Too true!
That's a hostage to fortune if ever I saw one.
He tweeted after getting his cues off Farage on Fox
Remarkable that May’s so consistently contemptuous of decisions made by parliament. Hasn’t she noticed she’s leading a minority government?
Fintan O’Toole: The bad ship Brexit needs a skilful mutiny
The headline is misleading, it makes it sound like Corbyn excluded the PV campaign specifically. According to the piece Labour is actually demanding a head-to-head format, which would obviously exclude everyone else
He wont be laughing when we have a hard brexit and his economy is stuffed
People are fed up with it I get that but that’s what the EU wants us to give IN and we should not what about the billions we will have to pay that could go towards the NHS in this country No to Theresa Mays rubbish deal and get in with delivering the Brexit people already voted
I’m feeling contrarian. Most likely is a loss 1st time then win on 2nd vote. But also 5 days of debate might be long enough for the poison to be drawn, a private commitment from May to leave in April, &amp; ERG to say ‘any Brexit is better than no Brexit’. So...a win. -2
I have no words
In keeping with the theme of the brexit referendum, where remain means one thing &amp; leave means anything else, let's have a general election where the options on the ballot are "the current government" &amp; "a new one". We can make it up as we go along after!
How can this be allowed?
Nigel Farage Discusses PM Theresa May's Disappointing Brexit Deal... via
Breakthrough at the WTO for UK on trillion dollar trade agreement with 46 other member countries So the UK WOULD survive and thrive if we went for a No Deal Brexit on WTO terms This golden opportunity would be lost if we were stuck in the backstop tho'
And so say all of us Mike
French whisky production is getting a boost from Brexit.
Michael Gove Unleashed As May’s ‘Secret Weapon’ In Bid To Sell #Brexit Deal To Tory MPs
One reaps what one sows. The whole establishment has been a shambles for years.
Legal questions but important ones on EEA. Is a deep-ish CU between UK and EU compatible with EFTA trade deal arrangements (inter-governmental in nature)? Is a carve out possible? Or if not, could a UK-specific EEA pillar be negotiated by the UK, EU &amp; EFTA states? #Brexit #planB
Read the day's UK business news curated in 1 place from the leading business sites-Sky, BBC, Telegraph, Guardian, FT #brexit #accountants
Applies to both sides. Only a 2nd ref gives them the moral legitimacy to pursue their objectives. Brexiters to push for a "hard Brexit" (not the original stated objective), Remainers to reverse the result of a popular vote and persuade the EU to offer Remain. Moral != legal.
Disgraceful! Brexit Britain.
I just demanded that the broadcasters promise fair representation in the TV Brexit debates. I think the public should hear from anti-Brexit voices as well as Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn. Add your name to 's petition:
Think you know where you stand on Brexit? Take the quiz to find out:
I've just joined - the organisation dedicated to fighting the politics of Brexit from the left. Lexit just doesn’t work. You can join too, and help to build the radical, democratic movement we need.
Listen to yourself. "Believes in Brexit". Woooh! Spookyfish! It's a cult!
How many times does it need explaining that we can make our own rules and any "interference" from Europe is with the help of our own MEPs*? *Whom we elect, by the way.
BBC News - Food warehouses 'almost full' ahead of Brexit
It’s a fair point. Brexit is pretty offensive
Rejecting the #Brexit deal will create "uncertainty and division", says the woman who's spent the last 2 years creating uncertainty and division.
Agree. Redwood is a dour, sour fanatic. Not an inch of charm, charisma or integrity. If he’s the face of Brexit Britain we’re well and truly shafted.
I work in private sector too. ANY CEO that makes executive decisions based on proven fraud, and continues to make them despite been warned in court, would have been fired and prosecuted! May is making executive decision based on a fraud:
However who do they blame? Do they think the promised Brexit could be delivered and what would look like? EFTA or no deal?
I'm afraid not dear, Brexit is what we voted for, are you deaf or stupid!! WE WANT OUT OF THE EU, WE VOTED TO LEAVE!!!! No conservative government is going to bring legislation for another referendum so it is out of the question.
#whosafraidoffarage Nicola's not! BOOM!
BBC News - Sturgeon: Brexit deal 'will make Scotland poorer'
Hi there Mike. I live IN Ireland. Brexit is outside our control and is something we are trying to minimise damage to the invisible border and the peace process. The backstop is our insurance policy against a hard border. How am I Being disingenuous?
Get signing and RTing and sharing on fb (if anyone is still using that)
If correct, even worse than we thought.
Well I'm not sure why remainers are moaning about no more freedom of movement after Brexit...it's actually irrelevant when you can just hop on a boat &amp; turn up wherever you want (excluding Russia where you'll be boat bumped like a bumper car)!!!
Thoughts?
Theresa May heads to Scotland as Brexit deal founders in Westminster
He speaks for millions... Be warned #Labour...time to abandon the #Brexit ship or you'll go down with her. #PeoplesVote for a #FinalSay with a #StopBrexit #Remain in Control &amp; sort the Country out!!
The biggest stitch up in history! Plotted and Planned with Merkel et al! MP's...you have all been had!
Great News for what will be the majority when we either get a 2nd vote or a GE to kick the Tory scum out and kill of Brexit and return to the EU where we all be better off.
Pleased to announce that Steve is my first Brexit Hero of the week on my blog Thank you so much on behalf of everyone apart from and some cranky Brexiteers
Why #Brexit is tearing the United Kingdom apart via
Brexit?
What an uninformed misguided brainwashed child of the #EU propaganda machine. #Brexit will help her see the light eventually
Dear surely we can do this contemporaneous fact-checking if there's a Brexit Debate?
Yet again more uncertainty and MPs may not even be able to make an informed decision when they vote on the Brexit deal. Immigration plans might not be published before Brexit vote, says Javid
May rebukes Trump as she bids to sell Brexit deal
This is so good. Do watch it!
Fresh row looms as No 10 refuses to publish full Brexit legal advice
U.K. Airlines Say Brexit Uncertainty Starting to Hurt Demand
Brexit: #Theresa May faces leadership tension, possible challenge - #leadership #news
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
How can ANY MP decide on how to vote, in one of Britain's biggest decisions, without all the evidence!!! Politicians, LITERALLY, playing with our lives &amp; futures. Never forget; the decisions they make, will never affect their lives!
she's an idiot if she thinks we'll fall into line in accepting her betrayal - ever since she took office she has furthered the betrayal of the UK - signed the UN- integration of armed forces - throwing away our money - concocting this deal of brexit betrayal - she must go!!
Dear members of , We know this session was future #Brexit immigration for #EU migrants in UK. But #ETS issue was more then #windrush and need to be securize. Many thousands int'l students did protrate criminal with flawed evidences. #MyFutureBack
You can always tell a hustle when 100 words flow over a yes or no question. #BlackTwitterKnows
they'll love you there. make sure to do the little dance.
Ermmmmm, Folk only working this out NOW ? UK looking more bonkers by the day.
Bless them. Did they never look at the clowns that were promising them the moon on a stick and wonder whether it was a credible outcome? End of the day it was a complete scam. Pyramid selling opportunity anyone?
Nobody is going to want to pay £1000 for a Lidl version of sovereignty. Brexit is a failure.
Brexit causing everyone hardship shouldn’t be new news. The ‘boring’ reports of House of Commons Library, Scottish Parliament Information Centre and equivalents for Northern Ireland Assembly, Welsh Assembly, London Assembly, House of Lords have all said as much and are online.
So the case for #Brexit is so weak now, it is a matter of "belief" or "faith"? Take off the blinkers. It's been a disaster from beginning to ... wherever we are now (nowhere near the end, sadly). #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit
We voted to leave the CU, SM and FoM. But hey, you know better than me what I want.
My inner dialogue every time I see Jeremy Corbyn make a speech on Brexit.......
Corbyn is getting ready to take over the shit show May has caused, I’ll be honest his stance on brexit should be much clearer. However ultimately I don’t think she’s done much wrong in this case
Yes &amp; if #May pretends to be a Brexiteer, will barf. Another stitchup to fool the public. shud argue 4 Brexit!
For Britain supports a no deal Brexit as well.
She’s presenting the EU deal it has forced on her rather than the outcome of a true negotiation. #brexit #PeoplesVote #leave
Get your facts right. He voted against Brexit
Oh, but he does. I just listened to some Welsh farmers on TV, almost all Leave voters, now fearful for livelihoods if no deal is struck, complaining specifically of *unkept promises* (aka untruth). Meanwhile the corruption, and its likely role in Brexit, of Facebook is laid bare.
That’s why Brexit is the solution to future crisis “
Theresa May expected to visit Glasgow to sell Brexit plan No deal is best for Britain.
That was the point of my tweet. He was working for Russia as Gov of Indiana. Only reason for him to push #Brexit pre-Trump
The latest Kat's Picks! Thanks to #brexit #nipaperreview
TBF - you wouldn't want to spoil a cosy chat with someone asking difficult questions or actually telling the truth or even , God forbid , talking sense #justsaying
Far too good natured to be Brexit!
It’s because he’s scared that common sense will prevail. He’s a hardcore remainer and wants the debate to be about “deal or no deal” (not the game show). The rational argument is a “people’s vote”. If Brexit wins- we go ahead with our eyes open. But we also have a chance to stop.
She has killed democracy, if Brexit is not properly enacted, I will never vote again. After all our politicians are simply EU puppets, unable to do a single thing without Merkle's permission #DeathOfDemocracy
She had discussions with employers, students and academics...who presumably all told her #Brexit is a shambolic mess and would she kindly put an end to the whole thing before it does anymore damage?
Consider joining a Pro Brexit, pro democracy party for decent people athe New Declaration sets out their principles and is on the website
Desperate tactics from the UK govt. Every move the govt has made since brexit began has been marked by hysteria, paranoia and aggression. I believe they are haunted by its gravity and the shallowness of their approach. It's beginning to unravel for them.
And this is some of the crap remain are peddling. Im so glad i voted to leave
Theresa May's Brexit deal will damage UK public finances, think tank warns
I think the Brexit branch and Remain branch have been badly merged, with lots of conflicts, broken tests and no-one wants to be Owner, and most are shying away from being a maintainer. Some say they have solutions stashed away, if only they would be elected to Owner. Hard reset!
I’ve got a lot of love for this tweet. It’s an excellent point.
To go to a WTO deal. A proper Brexit
'What’s necessary now more than ever, as the great labour lawyer, Lord Wedderburn, wrote is ‘hard legal analysis allied to an alternative social vision’.'
You should indeed be a part of the debate. Neither of them could live with you on a debating floor. They have no answers that you wouldn't expose as fallacy. They won't do it. The public should demand it. Keep pressure on in every way possible.
Maybot's very own Gotterdammerung in the offing
Deluded has nobody told her majority don't want her lousy book on War and Peace. 57 million did not vote Brexit but refuses to engage with them#brexit
Stockpiling. Closures. Warnings. Here’s How Business Is Prepping for Brexit
The hypocrisy of Theresa May ruling out a pre-Brexit election is spectacular
“It is a deal that is good for Scottish employers and which will protect jobs.” #beyondbelief Theresa May heads to Scotland as Brexit deal founders in Westminster
Farewell tour !!
Tbh, one of these cards is the instructions to the deck. #brexit exit vote, Parliament "next month". Guy Fawkes, #anonymous fl0yd : "Yes, we should accept The agreement between and the European Union.".
#Brexit is dead Remain wins #PeoplesVote
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
True.... they are all at a Brexit march
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate #PeoplesVoteNow
Quick clip from ‘Winston Smith’: Brexit Betrayal and the only possible realistic chance for Proper Brexit.
I work in private sector. ANY CEO that makes executive decisions based on proven fraud, and continues to make them despite been warned in court, would have been fired and prosecuted! May is making executive decision based on a fraud:
Finally brexit
That’s transparency for you! Fresh row looms as No 10 refuses to publish full Brexit legal advice
Oh the halcyon days of Strong and Stable and Brexit Means Brexit! #weakandwobbly #brexitshambles #begging
Goid. Need a bit of light relief from Brexit!
excuse me, i'm utterly shocked in you, where is Mrs Thatcher's trust in you Mr ??? she said "vote for William Hague, have you got the name". a true loss that you have not kept even 1 inch of Thatcherism or her trust in you. #Brexit me ASAP #NoDeal
BBC News - Brexit: Theresa May denies 'rolling over' on deal
Is Donald Trump right about the Brexit plan hurting a UK-US trade deal?
Sovereignty was never politicians to give away. Brexit was the clear instruction from the good people of the UK to regain the full governance of this country that had been slowly eroded with 40 years of EU membership.
Sounds like preparation for hard Brexit when there is less tax revenue for public services. Mind you, May’s deal saves a bit of cash from the EU, which could go to prisons, NHS etc?
Enjoyed being on show tonight talking about finance problems of SMEs-and Trump and Brexit
Theresa May admits she was wrong to say EU nationals 'jump the queue' to enter the UK
Sevenoaks MP Sir Michael Fallon on this morning’s news speaking his mind over the Prime Minister’s #Brexit deal
Bizarre. Must surely be hiding something but why take on the House of Commons in the process?
Your party will be in for a massive kicking in the future and will be the cause of it ? #Brexit #BrexitDeal #BrexitBetrayal
Have a listen to Simon Coveney. Just imagine if he was our foreign secretary. Intelligence and devoid of any baggage. #breathoffreshair
And sells FOM as a benefit.
What a remarkable extrapolation. The common theme with both the Trump and brexit nightmares is a split that is not far from 50:50. How do you get from there to nil support for one of them? And not the other one?
Brexit confirmation
JC is a joke. A totally unfit leader in the wrong job in a crucial moment of History, Jeez! Labour to block People's Vote taking part in Brexit TV debate
Trump populism a 'shout of pain', says Greenspan #lbc #fbpe #libdems #conservatives #labour #plaidcymru #snp #ukip #abtv #waton #stupidbrexiteers #itvnews #bbcnews #c4news #5news #skynews #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit #Brexit #brexitshambles #bbcparliament #dup
Not a chance he is solid Brexit like May he has a hidden agenda. Both are prepared to wreck the UK, as yet they have not stated a reason which is great enough for their objective. So May and Corbyn inform the UK People why you want to Brexit?
'No space for an proponent of a second referendum'! Two archaic political machines carving up the agenda to ensure the status quo. Some of our more aspirational political leaders are in the LibDems, Green Party and SNP. Voice of 17m catered for, rest not.
#Brexit is dead Remain wins #PeoplesVote
LIVE: Theresa May hits back at Donald Trump as she tours regions to sell Brexit deal
Another reason to #supportyourlocal
There should be a gagging order on Theresa May talking about Brexit. In the national interest.
Theresa May's Brexit deal is doomed - Sir Michael Fallon
He's not 'worth' £55 million. He's the beneficiary of offshore finance and inherited capital. Personal worth?
The return of the Titanic #Brexit
Are the Brexiters who tweeted the most filthy abuse towards Gina Miller the same ones who also hate May's Brexit "deal"? Should they not be thankful she fought for a vote in Parliament? Remember when the judges were the "enemies of the people"?
Yes, how ‘cynical’ to discuss austerity, or even mention that it provided some context for Brexit happening in the first place and oh god where do they get these stupid shit-drenched takes from?
Brexit: British PM Theresa May's chance of winning vote 'zero'
Please read Mr Lammy’s email in this article. David Lammy MP calls for Massive demo to OPPOSE Tommy Robinson Brexit March! via
Theresa May.. The politician Universal. my brexit hallelujah. #satire #universalcredit #dwp #esa #pips #disabilityhatecrime #toriesout #brexit 430
Hey, how about it, Sir Keir Starmer? Now you can help undo some of the damage you made in March 2017 by participating in a 3-line whip to force Labour MPs into voting with with Tories to make Brexit happen. Vote to repeal Article 50.! Now!
Here are the 10 Labour MPs who are considering voting FOR Theresa May’s Brexit deal via
I live in the middle ground. I'm watching the window move right when I've wanted it to go to the left enough to avoid the politics of Brexit. Centrism go us here, it won't get us out. We need to see clearly who values human's intrinsically and who sees them as commodities.
Quite a depressing and at times tetchy meeting with the Migration Advisory Committee earlier. Regardless of Brexit, we need access to skills at all levels if NI firms and the economy are to be a success.
#Brexit is dead Remain wins #PeoplesVote
btw leave means leave what part of the question on the ballet paper did you not understand about brexit?
Remember, if a right wing government comes in, it can be voted out, if the EU becomes right wing we cannot. did I hear someone say paid holiday's only applied at the we join the EU, I started work in 1959 and I have always had paid holidays.
I think we all know what the PM is scared of. The First Minister would wipe the floor with her. But, formidable advocate though she would be, I think – sadly – those that need to be persuaded would not be as receptive to a Scottish voice as we might like. Would Ken Clarke do it?
They are the places where you will find the votes when reality bites in and the insanity of Brexit enfolds
English Brexit T: What British people really think of the UK leaving the EU
Surely they can't get away with this shit?! Fresh row looms as No 10 refuses to publish full Brexit legal advice
One thing that really worries me at the moment is All the different pro brexit groups are doing there own thing or arguing amongst themselves? DIVIDED &amp; CONQUERED! Is it not time for all the various leaders to get their heads together - STOP ARGUING - work to get brexit done?
Migrants 'rush to cross Channel by boat before Brexit': Undercover footage captures migrants being told that "when the UK leaves the EU, the borders shut".
Just vote with your heart.
It’s ok to call #FBPE people cultists, but not Corbynites? You’ve called us Tories because we don’t believe Corbyn has the answer to our priority, which is to #StopBrexit; because we don’t believe that he’s infallible. I would support him IF he opposed #Brexit … not otherwise
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
Or to put it another way Theresa May's #brexit deal will imperil a large number of livelihoods across the UK and leave areas facing long term economic damage. But... People should support it because not doing so may offend some people who didn't know what they were being offered
Nigel Farage wants second referendum if Remain campaign scrapes narrow win - Mirror Online #PeoplesVote #Brexit
Bleeding hell that is alot of judges....
Again typical #BrexitCult answer: "IT IS ALL A LEFT CONSPIRACY!" Nothing to do w/ the right-winged, xenophobia-in-denial-Brexit-World!! It is a travesty a tainted referendum marred by lying, cheating &amp; meddling allowed this toxic view of the world. #FBPE #StopBrexit. Bye Mark.
It's no wonder the EU look so pleased with May's deal - it's bad for us and good for them. We need a proper Labour Brexit with a new, increased standards, customs union to enable tariff free access to the single market. Increased standards mean 3rd party trade is possible too.
Jordan Peterson on Brexit and the Doom of the EU via
*Boris Johnson music hits*
Great work Piers, I hate that fucking lying cunt Lidington
You haven't asked me what I want People who voted to leave didn't vote for there to be a deal! They voted to leave. End of. You are not doing what the British public want. Not the remainers nor the people which want full brexit. You are doing purely what you believe in!
should be present in debate she is PM of Scotland and is 3rd Big party in Uk
I work for a county council that have effectively cut wages, no pay increase for 7yrs and Blair, Brown and Cameron spent our pensions and cut our so called final salary pensions to a 1/4 final salary Yes I struggle day to day but I still want Brexit and I will vote ForBritain
Michael Gove Unleashed As May’s ‘Secret Weapon’ In Bid To Sell Brexit Deal To Tory MPs
Does it needed to be pointed out that Greenspan was part of the problem?
The dirty dozen. Tories hiding on Labour benches
Steve Bell on Trump savaging May's Brexit deal – cartoon
UK-specific EEA pillar (with UK in customs union with EU) almost certainly preferable for the EU side, for a multitude of reasons cc
And this idiot wants to debate Jeremy live on Tv... Bring it on.....
Don’t see the point of this debate either, it’s two people who both want Brexit.
excuse me, i'm utterly shocked in you, where is Mrs Thatcher's trust in you Mr ??? she said "vote for William Hague, have you got the name". a true loss that you have not kept even 1 inch of Thatcherism or her trust in you. #Brexit me ASAP #NoDeal
Yes, #DonaldTrump is talking perfect sense on May’s #Brexit deal
He's got many, many years to do that
Steve Bell on Trump savaging May's Brexit deal – cartoon
No point in having the debate then. I won't watch two Brexiters trying to decide which of them has the best Brexit policy. If there's no Remainer, the debate is a waste of time.
This brexiter argument makes me sick. Just because you're a lazy prick who can't be interested in your countries future doesn't mean you should screw us all. You expect everyone else to deal with everything for you yet call others leaches. Plus it'll only end when we end Brexit
Book quickly. They'll be £27 000 in a couple of minutes.
Immigration plans might not be published before Brexit vote, says Javid
Hate and will never accept #brexit and you don’t speak for me at all, nor the people of #Scotland #Gibraltar #NorthernIreland #iameuropean #weareeurope #brexitshambles
The latest The Brexit Digest! #brexit #peoplesvote
Carefully place a "Bollox to Brexit" sticker on said leaflet, place in envelope and sent via freepost to the #ToryTwats HQ Optionally, include letter to tell how disgusted/angry/frustrated you are...
I voted Remain. If the Brexit referendum were held today - how would you vote? via
BBC News - Sturgeon: Brexit deal 'will make Scotland poorer'
This is why idiots like you shouldn't be allowed to vote, you imbecile.
Will brexit cause erectile dysfunction?
Maybe if these libs would listen to themselves - the older folks voted for Brexit BECAUSE they remember what their fathers fought and died to preserve in WW2. She says “they should know better” - well THEY DO! But heaven FORBID libs admit they might be wrong.
Immigration plnas mhgit not be published before Brexit vote, says Javid
Why is "Leave EU" tweeting about this? What's it got to do with Brexit?
OK got it. Yes I do think the extra money coming in has bought in 'experts' giving wrong advice and leading us in wrong directions. Too much focus on #brexit and not enough thumping table on the loads of other things we could go on about.
Labour and Conservative parties are too broad churches now, Brexit has exposed this. Splits probably necessary for future along with a PR voting system.
They are. People should boycott the 'performance. #Brexit
Nothing wrong with wanting to stop Brexit. But there’s something seriously wrong if you’re referring to yourself as “pro-EU”.
Cc please do read
Road to the vote: 'People were sold a lie': Ruthin restless over May's #Brexit deal
Too bloody right!
Yeah, sounds like a great plan. Maybe we could nuke ourselves and do it properly?
Britain needs an Opposition of National Unity to oppose Brexit and to oppose Austerity. Where’s ?
'A year ago, talk of another vote was strictly taboo. Now it is back on the table. Most want to get this out of the way and return politics to where it should be – focusing on housing, health, security, jobs and education.'
Drain the swamp.. and Brexit. Super Canada or WTO terms...
christ im tired of how Scotland are being treated regarding brexit
Write to your MP today to tell them you're #NotBuyingIt. No one wants this dodgy #Brexit deal. Demand a #PeoplesVote:
Really! Name one business that is winding down because of Brexit!
May Vs Corbyn in a #Brexit debate
It’s because he’s scared that common sense will prevail. He’s a hardcore Brexiteer &amp; wants the debate to be about “deal or no deal” (not the game show). The rational argument is a “people’s vote”. If Brexit wins- we go ahead with our eyes open. But we also have a chance to stop.
Fresh row looms as No 10 refuses to publish full Brexit legal advice
That's fine but we don't need to leave the EU28 to lift the Non EU caps. This is happening though:
Seen today in a charity shop window. Brexit in a nutshell, perhaps?
Why is Theresa May going round the country talking up the draft agreement when the ones she needs to convince are sitting in Parliament. I think she knows she’s on a hiding to nothing.#Brexit
I have no words.
Here are the 12 [now 10] Labour MPs who are considering voting FOR Theresa May’s Brexit deal via
'No space for a proponent of a second referendum'! Two archaic political machines carving up the agenda to ensure the status quo. Some of our more aspirational political leaders are in the LibDems, Green Party and SNP. Voice of 17m catered for, rest not.
The latest The David Hurley Daily! Thanks to #paid #brexit
The country may have voted to leave; but they never voted for a vassal state. During the referendum various options on brexit were mooted: Norway (efta), Canada (hard border), or no deal (no 39bn) go back to the people with another referendum and implement the will of the people
How's Brexit going to impact on jobs?
Brexit court case 'could lead to disaster', EU lawyers warn
“There is no leader, no overseer, no plausible guarantor of peace. The only promise is of anarchy.”
. Parliament to vote on May’s draft Withdrawal Agmnt on 11 Dec - though still denied sight of the legal advice given to her by UK government lawyers. If rejected, then 2 choices: 1) Revoke intent to Leave, i.e. remain (“ #A50 ”) 2) Leave with no deal
Time until BREXIT is 122 days, 02 hours, 59 minutes and 59 seconds #BREXIT #BREXITCLOCK #CLOCK #EU #EUREF #LEAVE #ScotRef #Indyref #Indyref2 #FBPE From our friends - Looking for a new Heat Press? - Stahls Clam Basic #HeatPress #HTV
This fantastic response to Theresa May's Brexit letter is going viral
As we do already, with the added benefit of EU membership. Expect you'll be supporting the PM's 'Wogs start at Calais' so called Brexit, to make all that more difficult. Keep hiding sweet pea.
There are 2919 hours until we leave the World's largest trading bloc. It might sound crazy, but own Government has recommended that #UK Companies establish a presence there. Germany, anyone? #GmbH #Brexit #SingleMarket
There are 2919 hours until #Brexit - For a realtime countdown clock, visit
Michael Gove Unleashed As May’s ‘Secret Weapon’ In Bid To Sell Brexit Deal To Tory MPs
we need a fit brexit
Nowt will be said re the myriad of #SNPLies bundled out on their media today The March 2014 EU letter to on effects of a YES vote at #IndyRef. Out of UK &amp; EU! A deliberate choice of both in 2014 No negotiation, no customs union or single market etc #Brexit #SNP18 #GE17
British parliament to vote on Brexit deal on December 11: Theresa May
Offering peerages and knighthoods for Brexit votes is disgraceful – and it won’t work
Despite being a British music icon, Osbourne recently admitted that he was ignorant about Brexit.
These are really interesting questions from . Imo the premise is sound but will need extraordinary political will to deliver
EXCL Number 10 chief begs Labour MPs to back 'tenacious' Theresa May's Brexit deal
There's everything wrong however with putting winning power over a countries future. Labour under Corbyn are pro-brexit so are only concerned with power. Long time ago I used to be mildly pro Labour on a UK level but the last 2 years have shown them up poorly
Brexit is 2931 hours away. #brexit
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
Top US House tax writer floats a tax bill on retirement plans and the IRS Gonzaga leapfrogs Kansas Duke to take No 1 spot #in AP Top 25 rankings EUs top court will give quick verdict on whether UK can reverse Brexit Waiv .
Why Brexit is tearing the United Kingdom apart
Brexit could hit F1 races around Europe, says McLaren chief #Formula1
May and Corbyn it will be pitiful...May can barely string together a coherent sentence and Corbyn wants Brexit to happen. It is yet another Little Englander meeting no one else gets a look in.
Food warehouses 'almost full' before Brexit
As PM May starts Brexit tour, deputy warns difficult to win parliament vote for now #Topbuzz
Of course it is! Why have two Brexit Ministers (both Brexiteers) resign? May is doing her own thing via Olly Robbins. She is betraying the country.
Michael Gove unleashed as Theresa May’s ‘secret weapon’ in bid to sell Brexit deal to Tory MPs
Here's the scoop - the original video, Trump's comments, and May's response!
Brexit: Theresa May denies 'rolling over' on deal
blue-eyed brexit
UK government and Bank of England to give Brexit reports on Wednesday
More trouble
‘I haven’t had to forgo anything as a result of austerity, so why can’t we just discuss Brexit in the context intended - how it will affect the better off?’
Theresa May has said the UK "will have an independent trade policy and we will be able to negotiate trade deals with countries around the rest of the world".
#art #crafts #artist #labour #tory #brexit #FBPE #JC4PM #1DDrive Arts and Crafts pick - Buy now - JUMBO CRAFT BOX - GIANT BOX FILLED WITH OVER 300 PIECES
Not sure it’s quite so bad for Brexit as Roland thinks. But the ground is shifting in very unpredictable ways. And has been prophetic before...
Banks extend UK plc's overdraft ahead of Brexit
My thoughts exactly.
I told you this would happened I must be mystique mark.
Vince this would be a sideshow to the brexit sideshow you are not relevant to the future of uk.
Seems to me your blinkered loyalty to #Brexit - a right-wing wet dream - is doing just fine on its own on that last point.
Petition: STOP BREXIT
So why did you continually push / support #brexit when you know it was interfered with by foreign powers ?
Might be a bit advanced post Brexit. We could all be down by the river bashing the washing on rocks!
I’m sorry, do we offend Jeremy ‘hard brexit’ Corbyn too much?
Dream on - can you imagine how hard breaking up the UK would be compared to Brexit??
Lord Kerr (who drafted art 50) is clear that it is revokable. There is a test case before the ECJ right now to clarify. May tried so hard to block it, It was pathetic to the point of comedy. To summarise Brexit. Is. Dead.
She will lose the vote, the country will be faced with either a no deal which all say is a non starter or she has to let the people decide, now look at these stats How do u feel people will vote this time? Plan B?- COULD WORK - REMAIN
Sadly yes. My friends in Milton Keynes would rather not vote at all than vote for a party that supports Brexit - despite loving all of Labour's other policies, they can't in good conscience support Brexit in any shape or form. Completely disillusioned by politics at this point.
Fuck. Jeremy. Corbyn. #PeoplesVote #PeoplesVoteNow
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Fishermen were told Brexit would make them winners. That looks difficult to achieve, writes Paris Gourtsoyannis.
Yes, Donald Trump is talking perfect sense on May’s Brexit deal - Peter Mandelson #Brexit
What will happen to the U.K's property market after #Brexit? This article takes a deeper look... #ukproperty #realestate #propertymarket #homeowners
So what you're saying is that a brexit that those on the left may want could never happen under a tory government?
Brexit: Theresa May denies 'rolling over' on EU deal
Explain why Vince Cable and Tim Farron were absent for a key vote on amendments to #Brexit – you're really no opposition at all
Honey, she’s scared shitless of you and the millions of us who would tune in and watch you give her the roasting she deserves.
This fantastic response to Theresa May's Brexit letter is going viral
#Brexit is dead Remain wins #PeoplesVote
Boris Johnson stands on the bank of the tagus river in Lisbon and proudly speaks of the UK &amp; Portugal's unity during WW2. Portugal was neutral. #Brexit #GTTO
A poll from I hadn’t seen before from the date of the referendum from . Data for the view that the referendum question was the equivalent of “Do you like Green or Another Colour?”
Michael Gove Unleashed As May’s ‘Secret Weapon’ In Bid To Sell Brexit Deal To Tory MPs #healthnews
so brexit won’t damage EU:UK trade? yay!
brexit is more than this but the deal doesn't control ppl entering into our country illegally GET A GRIP OF IT!!
That’s great Matt, what about ESA cuts,benefit sanctions,foodbanks, child poverty,housing crisis,NHS crisis, the 45% cut to local authorities, homelessness,not all bad news though, Corporation tax has been cut for millionaires, I won’t ever mention the Brexit shitshow
The majority opinion of Brexit rn
Dr. Roy Foster jumps into the #Brexit waters. Good read...
Finally, a Brexit deal to unite all sides: the "Germany - - -" Brexit. The EXACT SAME access to EU markets as Gerry but &gt; NO Schengen &gt; NO Euro &gt; NO laws we don't have a say in! PLUS a big discount (or "rebate") on what any other country our size would pay! LET'S "BREXIT"!
Worth reading this reply to T May’s lying letter, which is apparently soon going to be sent to households at a cost of millions, to US. Governmentt-funded party propaganda. Sickening. Read this reply. Heartfelt; truthful.
I would never vote again, and encourage everyone I know not to. Democracy will be dead to me, along with my faith in any existing party.
Jeremy Corbyn can be so much better than this, I quite agree. Please RT.
There is no possibility that the gvt's Brexit Deal Explained could shake my belief that voting to remain in the EU was the most sensible decision. And much good will it do me as I go down with the sinking ship.
Forget Brexit, war in Ukraine is the biggest threat to Europe | Simon Jenkins
Brexit: Are Tory whips threatening their own MPs after bid to win Labour support failed? via
Martin Rowson on a bitter dose of Brexit medicine – cartoon
I sometimes wonder what I could have achieved if I'd had a famour father instead of a farm labourer with a fucked heid.
Migrants 'rush to cross Channel by boat before Brexit' -
Please sign &amp; RT.
Read my Nov 27 Newsletter featuring “Brexit: Trump says May's deal 'more difficult' for US-UK trade”
TY David. I am getting a tad irked by the remoaners generalising. I thought about my vote very carefully.I wasnt influenced by any numbers on a bus &amp; I was fully aware of what I wanted i.e a hard #Brexit, complete separation for the good of my country that I love more than life
Unless and her band of merry men are preparing for a #peoplesvote or a #generalelection there is no good reason for a Brexit tour of the provinces. There is no possible need for a televised debate is there? what do you think?
Keep sharing this.
Aren't we also still waiting for an Answer from the PM on whether she stopped an investigation into Aaron Banks pre the Referendum? We will not let her forget. #corruptGovernment
Signing this will help add pressure at a crucial time in the whole Brexit /not Brexit nightmare. Please take 30 seconds to sign and share!
Jacob Rees-Mogg condemns May over £39bn EU divorce bill
Your voice is not a voice for the remainder. You'll just turn it into another platform to spout your broken record independence speech. I don't agree with Brexit but it went to the vote and the majority chose. It's not the best of three in any vote.
What for her incompetence??... Do me a favour, remoaner in charge of brexit, she had no intentions of leaving, brexit in name only.
The latest Breaking News In Shopper Marketing ! Thanks to #marketing #brexit
Were they disingenuous or idiots Or both? Whichever the public has been seriously misled
Brexit should go ahead. This shouldn't even be subject to debate. But...this deal is worse than Remain. It is worse than any other option. Nobody should be voting for this deal.
'Brits aren’t STUPID!' Brexiteer brilliantly DISMANTLES no-deal Brexit scare stories
That £2.50 solution from Screwfix was a bit of a waste. All the screws are loose.
And if you chase working class brexit and UKIP leaning voters to the exclusion of all others (which some people on here want) then that is indeed what you will be. You lot do make me chuckle here are you calling the EU Thatcherite while your opposite numbers scream about marxism.
Before then, the question is increasingly about what flavour of Hollow Brexit is entered into that contest. May's? Or May's-with-EEA-overlay?
It's clear as crystal that we need to stop #brexit. I just wonder if the EU would actually have us back?
Raab makes the case for a Brexit via
Virgin Atlantic calls on MPs to prevent no-deal Brexit
#Brexit victory: Gibraltar has fallen 'out of love' with #EU in last two years
2016: IFS forecast leave vote will cause immediate hit to economy/investment/shares Result: stock market booms, jobs record high, FDI highest in Europe, growth 3rd highest in G7 2018: IFS forecast no deal Brexit will cause big hit to economy Will they be as wrong this time?
Brexit not going well I see.
Brexit: Are Tory whips threatening their own MPs after bid to win Labour support failed? via
It’s been commented that it’ll take balls to see this through. Well, good job I kept the old ones I’d had lopped off my old self.... give them a reminiscing little glance every so often #Brexit
Parliamentary sovereignty my arse.
This old Fry and Laurie sketch is going viral because it basically sums up #Brexit
The non-Brits guide to #Brexit (because it affects you too)
The UK economy will be 1.9%-5.5% smaller per person by 2030 under Theresa May’s painfully agreed Brexit deal, compared to if it remained in the EU, according to new research published on Tuesday (27 November).
This sums up brexiteers
But what is the point of Corby being in there? He’s not actually offering an alternative. He and May both want the same thing. An end to FOM and Brexit at any cost.
Because of gross political misjudgment on both sides we’ll end up with a hard brexit. Mainly driven by the NI issue which the EU and ROI have used foolishly. That = hard border with the ROI and they will be forced by the EU to enforce it. A bad outcome for all especially the ROI.
You disgraceful liar , cheat, fraud, charlatan and happy clapper incompetent racist
Everyone who wants to stop Brexit should have this as their twitter photo
He's referring to brexit. Obviously they are not the same, but Labour haven't been doing much "opposing" recently
Why do they lie all the time? Last week we had a cabinet member creating percentages, this week telling pure lies to anyone that’ll listen. They need to be challenged, nice one piers
'might'?... I'd say it's a racing certainty to be better than anything Mrs May can concoct....
Rubish the only thing better for Brexit than one night of May and Jezza is two nights
Alternatively we could all just watch PMQs on a weekly basis. #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Neither Brexit Secretaries were allowed to negotiate, that is why they resigned. They had to play second fiddle to Mays attack dog, Olly
DUP slates British prime minister Theresa May’s Brexit deal on Northern Ireland visit
Take back control #brexit
May rebukes Trump as she bids to sell Brexit deal
Brexit court case 'could lead to disaster', EU lawyers warn
Pool of support for May's Brexit deal even shallower than first thought
#Brexit is dead Remain wins #PeoplesVote
Gahd I miss Ted Heath, oh hang on…...
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
Today, joined us on campus to discuss #Brexit with business leaders, civic leaders, students and our Professor Ian Queen's University Belfast Greer.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Travel expert Simon Calder debunks the myths and sets the record straight on how #Brexit will really change the way we holiday
14th June 2016 Daily Telegraph “Boris Johnson and Michael Gove, the two leading figures in the Leave campaign, have drawn up a blueprint for implementing a Brexit. Sensibly, it calls for flexibility and a period of reflection.”
Looking forward to speaking about the impact of Brexit on faith communities. It’s not as clear cut as you may think...but there is a shared &amp; deep concern about impact of increased polarisation
Let's have a vote on the plan which the prime minister has repeatedly and explicitly said is predicated on tightening the rules on immigration, without any idea of what that might look like or the impact of it. Brilliant.
A televised Brexit debate between Nigel Farage and Nick Clegg? Oh crap, they've already done that
What a legacy for the current government. Oh and brexit.
The Brexit divorce deal: What's next? - France 24
I would believe Trump rather than some working group consisting of un elected unknown people.
Dancing clowns to distract the few left that believe this horse and pony show.
Ukraine +++
The two leader option makes it possibly the most pointless spectacle of the decade. Two leaders with less than a cigarette paper between their stated plans “debating” from the same side of brexit. Our First Minister is the only one who has been open and informative throughout.
Opinion | Brexit’s Plan B has a fatal flaw..
Ha ha ha.....the loss of the fiscal transfer alone is more than thre times greater than the putative Brexit loss Ha ha ha ha ha...what fucking clowns...
Everyone needs to look at this amazing baby. I love this baby.
If you were genuine you would support the free brexit betrayal March on the 9th December.
4/ The agreement itself misses time as a crucial influencer: what might be agreed now will diverge with time (i.e. hard border, even if by some weird scenario, is not immediate, it is by the nature of Brexit inevitable).
Brexit in a tweet
Besides every other point...that’s my end of. Getting some pride, or a bit more control, is not worth the literally countless economical, political, and social issues which will likely arise from Brexit.
“Beer and Brexit” *glasses of wine* - it’s like a subtle signal they’re aware of the glaring inconsistency
you have already lost them their jobs with ALL your lies to the BREXIT voters
#TheresaMay Not Seeking #Trump G-20 Meeting After He Slammed #Brexit Deal
The Maybot is trying to stitch up a debate between her and Jezza. With no true anti-Brexit representtion. Its not on. Sign the petition. #StopBrexit #PeoplesVoteNow
This is more ridiculous than Teresa May's Brexit deal plan. Absolutely batshit crazy.
Slight danger though - scapegoating by the leaver side is a strategy to paint her as having ruined Brexit &amp; it would all be peachy if Johnson (or in another version of the fairy tale, Corbyn) were in charge. If Brexit goes down it should take them all with it, not just her.
Today, joined us on campus to discuss #Brexit with business leaders, civic leaders, students and our Professor Ian Queen's University Belfast Greer.
Low-quality post-Brexit food imports threatening UK farmers, MPs warn
We are prepared for Britain to cancel Brexit, says EU president
Trump is almost right. Brexit closes off our global opportunities. #StopBrexit
The Government is ignoring the fact it lost a unanimous vote in parliament (Tories abstained at the time) forcing the publication of the full legal advice issued on Brexit. Hard to know exactly how this will play out, but it’s certainly not a good look.
Right on, . #brexit
What Melanie said. I honestly like Caroline Lucas. Her track record shows she is a principled leader, but her failure to get behind Labour's brexit strategy is making her look silly. Add to the desperate plea for money and, well, Melanie's right. It's not a good look.
Can we come back to Brexit when the country, nay, the world ISN'T ON FIRE?
In one of the Danish Papers today. #Brexit
She coming to visit, she's just not letting us come along and ask questions.
So what? Blue passports, sovereignty, keeping aliens outside, these things don't come cheap.
The Court of Justice of the EU is an imperial court, not an impartial court - it should not have post-Brexit jurisdiction in the UK
The debate is a stage managed load of Jackie Baillie. Nicola shd do her day job of achieving Indy not promoting her own deification.
"The backstop must go." -DUP Leader Arlene Foster talks with &amp; about the Irish border &amp; Theresa May's Brexit deal
Lea, Minford &amp; Lilico are seen as outliers in the economics community, and their work on Brexit is rebuffed. Most economists think Brexit is a damaging project. Succinct article about reactions to Minford's work here:
Brexit is good for EU households. As we can no longer sell our goods to Britain we have to dump them on the single market. Cheap cucumbers and tomatoes for everyone on the continent while the price for Brits will skyrocket by 300 to 500 percent.
In the past 6 months I have only 'chatted' to 2 FBPE who have not been in that camp and genuinely only want to stop Brexit, so do I, but as things stand, there is nothing that can be done, short of a GE first, destroy Brexit after and even that would create a greater division
A woman in Camden Town was giving out flyers and screaming: "No deal #Brexit, clean break!" I took a flyer and ripped it into pieces straight away. I don't think she was amused...
And here in the UK Trump has stated that, if the Brexit deal goes ahead, the USA wont do business with us unless we sell him most of the NHS. Fuck you Trump.
If only it was that easy. Independence is the only answer to this batshit Brexit crazy situation
Wishful thinking that EU will reopen Brexit talks if parliament rejects deal: UK minister: It is wishful thinking that the European Union will reopen Brexit negotiations if the British parliament votes down… #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachKavanaugh #TheResistance
LIVE: Theresa May hits back at Donald Trump as she tours regions to sell Brexit deal
Well if I can add something I was also bullied on, in my school days in Scotland, in part for being a foreigner (and also for being a good student). And there was no Brexit back then...
Leave voters hit by austerity now realise how EU membership benefits them, study finds
RealClearPolitics Today for 11/27/2018: Seismic Shock of Brexit Will Change UK's Politics For Ever; GM Cuts Show It's Going to Get Worse for Workers Via
If you’re a Teaching Assistant in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a failure for you. If you live in Northern Ireland then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this misery! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
When...ah cba I just want Brexit
knows full well supports #Brexit
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral via
Oh dear!!
The ‘soft No that were also Remain group’ are looking for clarity on Brexit, once that fog clears over the next 6 weeks a fork in the road emerges + status quo is no longer an option. If we want to win that group we need a wee bit of patience to let them see what we already know.
Despite the dissonance in Scotland over Brexit, the déjà vu of this Project Fear (on the back of the 2014 indyref version) should forearm them for indyref2. Established power never relinquishes that power easily.
So I guess only way you will call it brexit is if there was not trading with the eu I guess.
come you guy stand up for UK sign this
It's going to be great! JC: "Labour will negotiate a Brexit that's nearly as good as EU membership." TM: "Can't be done - that's why I've spent 2 years to get this crap deal instead" JC: "Oh." Audience: "We could just stay in?" JC &amp; TM: *fingers in ears* Ends....
#UK rejects Trump's criticism of #Brexit deal
Brexit can be canceled it has been agreed. Message your MP and tell them: … #brexit #PeoplesVote #skypapers #bbcnews #bbcbreakfast #channel4news #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy
No shit?!
Owen Jones....
Whistleblower Protection: Install people into companies with ethics remit &amp; golden public handcuffs of say 10% company value if sacked to prevent whistleblowing. #GreenwoodTheatre #TrumpRussia #Brexit #Byline
Withholding legal advice from Parliament - who the bloody hell does May think the client really is, if not Parliament?
That kind of attitude may be one of the reasons the whole Brexit debate started.
Whatever happened to the 48 letters? #brexit #48letters
It takes literally seconds to find.
Really ? Come on, I thought you stood for democracy (hopefully including defending it from illegal influence) you're alienating the voters you'll rely on if you get that election.
If you were genuine you would support the free brexit betrayal march on 9th December.
I do hope others don't leave UKIP, we can be a broad church and so need to keep going and remain strong in this moment which is the most important time for Brexit
The outcome of the case will be very interesting, I think Pandora’s box is already open as the full implications of Brexit become clear. The court will hand down a decision and whatever that is will not close the box, but might open it a bit further or leave as is.
i blame brexit
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
This response to Theresa May’s letter has gone viral
Please do not do this debate. Absolute waste of time, people will just change chanel. has lost her mind needs sectioning.
Labour to block People's Vote taking part in Brexit TV debate
My mrs has come up with a great #Brexit idea. The govt know who voted and who abstained in 16. So now there are more facts known, abstainers are the only ones allowed to vote this time. Proper democracy, every voice is heard #peoplesvote
'You dirty old man'
And that should scupper the prospect of any debate on tv
Not surprising as the #Brexiteers did not risk saying what #Brexit would look like and they still won’t or can’t. Retaining all the trade and other benefits of membership whilst paying none of the financial or shared obligations was always an unachievable fantasy
Brexit would win.
As ATAD and UK compliance is yet to come into force - actual impact on the exchequer is yet to be seen Government modelling (as with Brexit) is open to interpretation Today's reality is that tax avoidance by multi-nationals is at industrial levels, depriving the exchequer
Is this what we've come to? This victimisation of a child is some perverted idea of being British? I'm ashamed of my country under the conservatives #Almondbury and with a xenophobic Brexit #Brexit
Couple of months ago I had a quote for double-glazing, something I urgently need. On the verge of going for it, then pulled back - not sure I can risk spending £15k unless Brexit is cancelled. I can't be the only cautious home-owner? Surely this must be impacting small biz?
What bit offends you!You brought Pat finucane into a tweet about an IRA murder of a kids TV presenter, Totally unrelated and uncalled for.I also didn’t say that UVF killed Pat Finucane.If your looking for silly tweets go read some SF tweets about Brexit, usually good for a laugh
Sometimes it’s good to listen to actual experts not political opportunists #Brexit
Theresa May heads to Scotland as Brexit deal founders in Westminster
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Where's mu #FBPE money?
About as attractive an offer as May's Brexit deal.
My letter to Jeremy Corbyn: your nation is threatened – back a people’s vote | Gina Miller
Tories gag to prevent the true consequences of Brexit. A catastrophic time to have corrupt government.
Scotland's Brexit legal bid explained: Can the UK still choose to revoke Article 50 and stop Brexit?
If Brexit fails, democracy falls with it
I blame Brexit
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
quite how you get away with your bias pro brexit/2nd vote reporting I will never know
Here, imagine what a DUP Brexit deal would actually look like.
It’s interesting how May keeps referencing free movement, she clearly knows Brexit is about so much more, ? She is up to something ?
Robert should ask Nigel &amp; Sammy what they think about the time Ulster Resistance assault rifles weren't decommissioned
The Brexit referendum opened Pandora's box! Look at the mess we are in: hatred, discord, increasing poverty. All the ills came flooding out over our nation. That box needs opening again to let Hope out! All is not yet lost despite May's efforts!
Good luck with your independent socialist peoples republic of Scotland Tony. Funny enough I think brexit will indeed bring you independence and I think that is the right thing for Scots having voted so heavily to remain but I doubt you'll see any sort of cold Cuba anytime soon.
Fascinating and def worth reading in preparation for another vote
Please do not let her do this to our country, what an awful betrayer she is
well I WANT/NEED to take part in our #indyref2 , THAT should e Scotland"s priority.
#C4news Fracking is a big issue yes; another tragic Tory policy putting profits &amp; big business before residents &amp; environment. *BUT* surely BREXIT is the defining issue of this moment .. Where do you and stand on #Brexit #PeoplesVoteNow ? #FBPE
27/11/18 Londonderry Youth Say Independence From the EU – BreXit Now! RT #LiberalFuture #LF #NationalLiberalism #Londonderry #Youth #SelfDetermination4All #SelfDetermination #BreXitNow #Brexit #BreXit #X
This week we welcome Mike Allen, Board Director and Head of Research at Zeus Capital to our 2018 Financial Conference. Mike will be presenting A Pre-Brexit Economic Outlook for the Automotive Sector. #automotiveIndustry
coat will be on a shakey nail if her gamble on #brexit doesn't pay off. Too big a risk in my opinion. We could be going for Indy now. Why wait ? many many reasons for Indy not just #brexitshambles
Hadn't considered extra costs! Became aware of this when talking to a work colleague. He's lived here for 20+years. Brexit is forcing him to take a side now, before it didn't matter. Way too much for a lot of working people, especially if multiple family members.
Essential reading: 'No 10’s argument that arbitration could provide an alternative route out of the ‘backstop’ Protocol to that of having to reach agreement with the EU is not only wrong but entirely implausible to any competent lawyer.'
BBC News - Reality Check: Is Trump right about the Brexit deal?
very sorry we are not all like #Brexitees we want a #PeoplesVote
or or
All the Mad Nats are believing the putative future Brexit Analysis done by the Scot Gov economists whilst not believing their past GERS accounts done by the same economists.... Ha ha ha ha ha.......what roasters......
Trying to compose a response to this. So many mixed emotions. Anger, sadness, disgust, despair. You want to blame Katie Hopkins &amp; the Daily Mail &amp; Brexit but it has nothing to do with politics or culture and everything to do with God awful parenting. He's a monster at 15.
Jolly good.
Unionism as a whole are have concerns over Brexit
(BuzzFeed):This Is How The #Government Is #Wargaming What Happens If It Wins The Meaningful Vote On Brexit : Exclusive: BuzzFeed News has been leaked details of 57 dummy amendments that Theresa May’s aides fear could be laid by ..
It's obvious. The Brexit deal would leave the UK in bad shape, and No-Deal Brexit would leave them in even worse shape, so either way it gives the US more leverage than if they dump Brexit entirely.
good luck
Please listen to this.
Please RT like mad
Theresa May has an impossible job selling her Brexit deal — and Trump isn't helping
This govt are just awful. Downing Street will reportedly not give full Brexit legal advice to MPs
That is the fervent hope. A multilateral approach based on collaboration and international law. But that will require reengaging with the EU and quickly. Firstly we have to get rid of these disastrous Tories and stop Brexit.
Jacob Rees-Mogg condemns May over £39bn EU divorce bill
Mike Harding sums up Brexit and the Tories perfectly!
There’s two thirds of environmental law not in place come brexit and NO ONE IS TALKING ABOUT IT
Theresa May's Brexit deal is doomed - Sir Michael Fallon
Count me in. We need to stand up to the far right. Britain is better than that, #Brexit or not.
and this one ??? Happen just front of your house #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit
Its a fix - a Brexit Fix, a scam a sham ...
#Brexit is dead Remain wins #PeoplesVote
Absolutely. But the way to educate, rehabilitate and goodness knows what else is to plaster the un-redacted face of a minor committing an offence all over the internet and to potentially put his life at risk. Attack was cowardly and shocking - I blame Brexit - adult’s stupid
I voted for Brexit for all the right reasons, but I'd have voted to leave just to have caused this reaction. I hate the left, but I do love the comedy that their actions bring into my life.
We will be watching all of somersets mps very closely over the next couple of weeks. #Brexit #MayMustGo #VoteItDown
Of the options listed, I would vote for Channel 5. Seems most appropriate, somehow. Labour to block People's Vote taking part in Brexit TV debate
#QAnon #QAnons #QAnon8chan Head's Up-Close Border in Air: EngChannel between UK &amp; France, more migrants are being rescued every night, as groups camping near Calais know Brexit vote, planned 11 Dec, could mean a border closure for the UK.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
The vote on the deal is the confidence vote that the ERG couldn't organise #Brexit #BrexitDeal
Jacob Rees-Mogg: "Theresa May's Brexit argument is childish" | Julia Hartley-Brewer
Double: We must deliver a true Brexit or faith in democracy will be shattered - Westmonster
If J Corbyn does not come out in support of a PEOPLES VOTE &amp; REMAIN in the TV debate then labour will never see government , we the people will never forgive him as he said the membership decide , well we did at conference . No waffle JC plain and simple PEOPLES VOTE REMAIN
Worthless debate between and which will prove nothing as they both have a similar alignment on the issue of brexit. Bring in and and that would be a debate worth watching. May is too afraid to stand up to real opposition.
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
Again - id agree, if it wasn’t at the likely expense of our social and economical future. Brexit will make the poor poorer and the rich richer, and enable the government to keep making the poor poorer and the rich richer. That’s sad to me.
I’m not making it up Nige. I live in Edinburgh and my family and friends regularly discuss politics. We’re all fed up with Westminster and Brexit. That’s why it’s time for #IndyRef2
You have got to be kidding right????? Brexit job losses? HOUSE OF FRASER?!? Do you actually believe your own post? Incredible.
I don’t get to church often but a meeting on meetings take me out of usual practise! Feels odd to have c500 people here but not actually be discussing a real live political issue. From universal credit, homelessness or Brexit there are many issues to discuss...
can i come on tv and talk with somebody about something we both agree on anyway? my sister and i both really like cinnamon biscuits, can we have a tv debate? it'd only be as pointless as this one.
It's a head-to-head debate between Government and Opposition leaders. Labour supports a new referendum if there's no way to get an acceptable deal. Ehy you support the deeply divisive anti-brexit People's Vote campaign that alienates the very people we need in a referendum.
Young ple check out this man if u have some time: Vladimir Pozner has faith in young ple &amp; power of internet for direct communication. Talk "How United States created Putin) at Yale University
Yes, #DonaldTrump is talking perfect sense on May’s #Brexit deal
At least some balance!
Good luck with that missus.
A British government-commissioned survey has asked non-UK European Union academics if they were considering a “move back home” after Brexit
Worth a follow #BollockstoBrexitbus
Compelling 85sec video, well worth watching, showing the truly gigantic discrepancy between the Brexit that Leavers voted for &amp; the Brexit that we’re all going to be saddled with unless we can #StopBrexit via a #PeoplesVote.
Brexit Article 50 Levy Out
#TheresaMay fails to soften DUP’s #Brexit stance on North visit
With respect, why do you want #Brexit Billy? What are the specific tangible benefits of #Brexit to NI that convinced you to support it? DUP still can’t justify why they did it, but I’m interested to know if you can, or did you just wrongly assume it was a good thing for NI.
Duncan tried to connect Breitbart Russia and Brexit this morning on Daily Politics - Ian Dale called him out for it quite rightly!
I think the wise position is not to trust anything from the MSM on Brexit: BBC, ITV, Sky, C4, the Dead tree press. They all have an agenda which is pro Remain.
Jesus Christ what a mess. Although, you've got to love that a non-binding referendum is will of the people, yet a binding vote is wilfully ignored.
#Brexit is dead Remain wins #PeoplesVote
Good man Bruce! Live in Argentine. EU had absolutely nothing to do with it.
Every reputable economist has predicted we won’t prosper under Brexit. The betrayal of the 17.4M actually happened when they were lied to about how the EU works, and what would be available to is if we leave. You’re young, so I’m guessing your parents heard the lies firsthand.
He’s also a nutter.... so I’d treat that with a pinch of salt.
The country is not far off going into war so it does not really matter. 14 million in poverty, massive frauds going on, no police or gov commissions fundcitoning properly, buggered by Brexit, society breakdown etc
Trump Trashes Theresa May's Brexit Deal! via
BBC Scotland’s political editor under fire after news report pokes fun at FM’s Brexit press conference
They can't even do that properly!
So if brexit does go badly we’ll all be straight down to illogen, cornwall with a fucking baseball bat to smash our way into their home and steal their food
It’s jarring going from so much Brexit on #C4News to people actually cooperating and building things together on #LegoMasters. Bonus points to the latter for intergenerational consensus.
It still astounds me the number of people who think that by going for a no deal option means we don't have to pay the EU... Have these people ever tried defaulting on a loan or mortgage? #Brexit
Brexit has exposed just how corrupt,out of touch &amp; conniving the UK political system is. Politicians look down on British people, don’t respect our vote &amp; most are anti British preferring to support EU Dictatorship rule over our country. They are betraying us &amp; selling out UK.
Senior UK academics call for people’s vote to save universities
What is Matt Hancock going on about? Individuals can’t stockpile prescription meds - GPs won’t prescribe in sufficient quantities. I think many would like to though, not trusting govt planning ( or lack of) #Brexit
may is not getting the message , is she that dumb that she can't see when she's WRONG
Boris as Foreign Secretary was always a stretch, but necessary to hold the Brexit team together. Clearly in over his head.
yep, that's exactly what trump was saying last week about the 9th circuit court ... and what the EU is trying to do to brexit. do we get it, yet...? leftist alinskyites hate true democracy, and want to destroy it. wake up ....
Of course Brexit must be on this, there would have never been a thought of Brexit had Nigel not fought for it.
Calling it’s a #PeoplesVote is patronising. You think ‘people’ believe you care about what they think? Then respect what they said! Give them a proper #Brexit or nothing, but don’t patronise them.
I think the government's austerity cuts are to blame. Brexit has been a handy distraction.
Boycott it? "Downing Street will reportedly not give full Brexit legal advice to MPs"
You can absolutely have Brexit with no hard border. Both EEA and May's deal leaves the EU (satisfying the only question defining Brexit on the ballot paper) while not requiring a hard border.
Looks like an arse and speaks out of it ...
What will the European member states do when UK abandons them? They haven't thought that one through. #C4News
This fantastic response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
Not surprisingly the ridiculous young female Labour goon can’t substantiate anything she says. Mind you Tories can’t boast having just struck the worst deal in human history.
Brexit news: Spain rages after after Sanchez agrees Gibraltar deal | Politics | News |
Hope so, the grass roots remain movement is one of the greatest democratic uprisings this country has ever seen, to brexit without giving us a #FinalSay would shatter belief in democracy for over half the electorate.
Brexit deal latest news: Theresa May has 'given up', Arlene Foster warns as Belfast visit dismissed as 'waste of time' via
There's no point #theresamay putting on a #brexit debate just for show. I think we're past that - it will convince nobody, or make it worse. If we need a debate let's hear the arguments from all sides.
Scotland - how many times do you get snubbed?
PETER KELLNER: The case for a People’s Vote grows by the day /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Brexit Britain close to agreeing open skies deal with US - FT
There is no point because point taken
As a Labour voter, I’m appalled by this - and I’m not the only one.
FYI, Yesterday Theresa May said the ECJ wouldn't settle UK-EU disputes, said they would be settled by an 'arbitration panel' without saying who that panel would be. Could this be applicable to Gibraltar? See: Hugo Swire MP/minute 17:08:59 of video: #Brexit
The hook last time was Brexit and it just saved her skin ..... This time it is remain ..... not a good look ..... skinless
Questions is WHY?
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
The seismic shock of #Brexit will change the UK’s politics for ever | Rafael Behr
Government admits it could try to halt Brexit if MPs want to #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote
Put this alongside them being dragged to the high court to force them to adhere to a meaningful vote and alongside them having to be forced to publish impact assessments. They have a lot to hide about brexit. There’s a lot more to come.
'Brits aren’t STUPID!' Brexiteer brilliantly DISMANTLES no-deal Brexit scare stories.#Brexit #BrexitShambles #Brexiteers #TheresaMay #politics #PoliticsLive #news #today #Goverment #Tories #Cabinet #BrexitAgreement #BrexitChaos
It means we need to move to indyref2. ASAP
No words
But look at the data you were given. Massively negative, and proved to be grossly inaccurate. You have to look at the real world. Are lower housing costs a cost of Brexit, or a benefit? Do you want to live in a country obsessed with growth at any cost?
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
Welcome to Brexit Britain. Horrific!!!
Scotland, Northern Ireland all voted remain now Wales want to remain, that just leaves the little Englanders, could we not just put them on the Isle of Wight or the Isle of Man, then the rest of us could just get on with our lives.
No taxation without representation, if Brexit doesn’t happen in a full and meaningful way then we should all withhold payment of our council tax payments.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Ha ha are u serious? Maybot doesn't debate she simply parrots back preprepared responses.
Yes and sell them out to the USA? #peoplesvote #StopBrexit
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
They've also helpfully told everyone where this stockpile of food can be located. Expect Mad Max style roadtrip after Brexit.
...as well as risking losing Scotland, NI anf Gibraltar. The biggest Remain voters, in fact.
Useful.
READ IN FULL: 'The British people don't want to spend any more arguing about Brexit' - Theresa May's summit statement - PoliticsHome
AMEN!
I'm sure there's a perfectly valid reason why the Govt would want to hide their legal advice from Parliament in advance of a vote. We can trust them. (Actually, I'm not; and we can't)
A no deal Brexit means:- We leave the EU No open borders No more money to EU No £39 billion handout Free trade with whole World Make our own laws Sovereignty returns to UK Out of SM &amp; CU Fishing waters back No longer under ECJ NO TRANSITION THAT'S FREEDOM It's what I voted for!!
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
“Mrs May you have helped to divide this country to such an extent that families and friends are now no longer talking to each other, you have managed to negotiate a deal far worse than the one we had and all to keep together a party of millionaires.”
Official vet #OV shortage before #Brexit? Experienced food/animal product #export vets must revalidate their qualification this year. Our team will all be doing so.
Government Procurement Agreement - so much for freedom after Withdrawal
Q. Who in their right mind wants to be forced into an #EU super state where we share different values, different cultures, different humour, different language, different styles but also wants an army, a common currency and open borders? A. Nobody #OneSizeDoesNotFitAll #Brexit
, a brilliant journalist always worth reading.
They got Al Copone on tax issues. Brexit to fail on chlorine washed chicken. Brexit to fail on drinking water for which we need EU chemicals to be safe. The of unexpected and unsung goes on and on and on.....
Hard and soft Brexit are terms introduced by Remainers after the Ref. Nobody ever used those terms before then. You’re missing the point, we’ve missed the boat for a proper, managed “hard” Brexit. If that was the strategy 2 yrs ago a proper transition could have been agreed.
With #Brexit calling the political future of Gibraltar into question, Forces News has taken a look at the history of the territory...
Coming to spoons and instead of a menu we have a leaflet chatting shit about Brexit cba
Not one to post political material, but to my current third year cohort and past students...altogether now ‘brexit is.....!’ (First one to reply gets a prize).
'Teach us a lesson' Nigel Farage reveals his biggest #Fear over Theresa May's #Brexit deal
'Teach us a lesson' Nigel Farage reveals his biggest #Fear over Theresa May's #Brexit deal
There we go. There it is.
Most likely reasons for not showing legal advice to HoC are: 1) No such advice was sought or 2) Advice _was_ sought, and was to the effect of: "Are you crazy? You *can't* agree to this, you nincompoops!"
Problem is democracy is based on nationality not where u live. Many issues effect me even though i dont live in the UK and Brexit effects me heavily therefore its democratic to give all citizens a vote!
Brexit-backing BBC host Andrew Neil just got absolutely destroyed on his own channel via
Where are you from? No, but like, originally?
Fresh row looms as No 10 refuses to publish full #Brexit legal advice.
I think your reasoning is deeply flawed. The majority of the British people have no stomach for your version of Brexit because they know the problems it would bring us. In fact I suspect over half of your constituency would now vote to remain in the EU.
If you ever wanted proof of how phoney May's supposed "Brexit"is all you need to know is that there are no bilateral talks between the UK and the US at the coming G20 meeting in Argentina.
there we go...
I'm Irish. I don't care. Enjoy brexit. You deserve it
...no longer have the respect of many, because of various cock-ups - nor do they have the resources necessary. Labour have resources, but because their leader is allied to Brexit, he will not represent what his own members have asked of him. In short, our democracy is v sick
So very true
please put your letter in. May needs to go. We need someone who believes in Brexit.
Quite rightly too.. 48 letters might help?
Same thing applies for #brexit and #Brexitards
I love your GOVE ACTION It's such a ... etc and so on (Pic by obvs)
Steve Bell on #Trump savaging May's #Brexit deal – cartoon
So stating possibility is threatening for you? Geniue question when you voted for Brexit did you know you loose your rights?
Not when it comes to the party that enabled brexit stole £27,000 pound from every uni student and have done nothing but take places in parliament from proper MP's. If you don't like my language don't read it. I swear because i care.
Corbyn 'He is a melting camembert', as said by welsh guy on channel 4 news.
GM sold the lot to PSA of France a year ago (Inc Opel), nothing to do with Brexit.
Why Brexit is tearing the United Kingdom apart
Being anti-Brexit is fine. But not at any cost.
Blow for Theresa May as wavering Labour MP confirms she will vote against Brexit deal - PoliticsHome
Fresh row looms as No 10 refuses to publish full Brexit legal advice - the guardian
Trump probably thinks Brexit is a vilage in the Czech Republic.
I still think it makes more sense to approve the deal but make it subject to a #PeoplesVote - if people vote leave again at least we don’t have a no deal in March/May...it would also be more likely to get a commons majority and there could be no accusation of reneging on Brexit?
Literally no-one is saying we will run out of water, Daniel - only run out of chemicals to ensure its safe to drink. But in very hot countries many poor people have to drink unsafe water every day, so why wouldn't we, in glorious #Brexit #NoDeal Britain? #FBPE #WATON #Remain
Someone mentioned Brexit in the pub !
This is utterly horrifying. How did we slip from being quite a cool, post-Imperial, social democracy into a bestial, nativist, mini-Me of Trump's America? We need to destroy Brexit for lots of reasons, but one of them is to find a little humility and humanity.
No point in brexit then!! Fml.. this makes illigal emigration legal! Farage for PM...NOW!!!
Brexit May heads to Scotland as deal founders in Westminster
#Brexit LIke the #Tories care about fishermen's or anyone's jobs, low class people are dispensable, remember, things change so they must adapt like the Miners' driven on to the scrapheap. So #nastyparty don't pretend you care about any "ordinary" people.
#BrexitDeal Brexit can be canceled it has been agreed. Message your MP and tell them: …
yeah, come on if you think you're hard enough!
Maybe not terminally vile, but very ill. What more evidence does one need than the 46% who would still vote for Brexit after everything that happened in the last 2 years?
shitebag if you don't....
Sajid Javid and Philip Hammond 'in row with Number 10' over plans to rush through post-Brexit immigration shake-up - PoliticsHome
The Government Is Wargaming What Happens If It Wins The Meaningful Vote On #Brexit: Exclusive: BuzzFeed News has been?
Disruptive Brexit could hit minimum wage rises
doing what he does best...saying what he feels and putting 2 fingers up to the Establishment.
Technically there should also be a debate with "no deal" on the table too. More for comedy effect and a light-hearted Segway, but still.
QUENTIN LETTS: May’s defence of her Brexit deal ponged via
tickets??
Never mind Brexit. More importantly he has done a terrific job as our MP in fixing Cheltenham's potholes.....NOT!.
'Brits aren’t STUPID!' Brexiteer brilliantly DISMANTLES no-deal Brexit scare stories
This playlist alone has convinced me that brexit means brexit #boycotfspotify
Your constituency voted Remain. Shock horror, they want Remain or the softest Brexit possible.
BBC Scotland’s political editor under fire after news report pokes fun at FM’s Brexit press conference
Brexit? All I want for Christmas is social care's green paper says care boss
Markets lower on Brexit, Italy and US-China woes
Nope not that easy. Around 20 member countries have said they don't want the UK bidding for some contacts in WTO
The far right is marching for Brexit. Will the left stand against it? | Michael Chessum
So predictable. Students fees will pale into insignificance if Corbyn enables Brexit. It won’t just harm students - it’ll damage the entire country. Corbyn will never be forgiven. Oh and Clegg wasn’t the leader - he wasn’t even an MP when he moved to FB
Immigration plans might not be published before Brexit vote, says Javid
Brexit: Tell UK broadcasters to make it #ARealDebate
There’s and at Byline event in London on Putin, Trump and Brexit
Now it’s under threat. Note trump said trade not FTA may not be possible. #brexit #leave #peoplesvote
I guess this largely explains the recent attempts to restart the British Empire. #Brexit
Trump has called this one right. Technically anything is possible but why would trump bother doing a marginally beneficial and very bad deal with the UK when its sold itself down the river by its own stupidity ?
Might just adopt his technique next time an idiot #Brexiteer asks a bloody stupid question.... #Brexit
"May has said that regulatory differences already exists between Northern Ireland and the UK, which have not challenged the constitutional integrity of the UK"
TP we the people can't allow you continue to threaten, bribe people into backing something that JUST ISN'T BREXIT. TP stop now, be graceful, and do what is right for Britain, and step down.
Elizabeth Dunham, the Information Commissioner: it’s essential that regulators can operate across different countries in order to prevent misuse of big data in politics or commerce, and cites the new EU GDPR regulations. What happens after Brexit?
May knows her Brexit deal will fail in Plmt. She wants a TV debate to size up if she should call a GE and if she can out-argue #Corbyn on TV. The same reason is why she's travelling around the UK. If not, she'll offer a 2nd referendum or resign. .
Al Hail Democracy haters....
Have I read that right in that it suggests GDPR won’t affect business that don’t trade outside of the UK? I thought the UK government already said they’d keep GDPR regardless of Brexit
Exit from Brexit
The latest The Delaine Robinson No Debt Daily! #brexit
I just demanded that the broadcasters promise fair representation in the TV Brexit debates. I think the public should hear from anti-Brexit voices as well as Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn. Add your name to 's petition:
Labour still desperately trying to appeal to the right-wing Tory/UKIP-minded enclaves in middle England plus it's common knowledge Corbyn was a Eurosceptic long before the #EURef. Not surprised by this political opportunism in the slightest.
You might as well say F@*k Brexit if you are going to be censored!
Fresh row looms as No 10 refuses to publish full Brexit legal advice
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Not true, only 66% did in 2015 for example. Why did Remainers vote for the 2 main parties, 16m could have made a significant difference, no?
Nice to see leadership from top Brexiteer and future leader of the Conservative Party #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Foster condemns ‘offensive’ talk of ‘bribe’ for DUP support of Brexit deal
How #Trump has made #TheresaMay’s #Brexit deal an even tougher sell #EU
Westminster seats decision for Brexit vote up to Sinn Féin, says May
The people elected these representatives to work for their county’s, no government in the north ,all are on full pay from all parties if I personally didn’t turn up for work I would not get a cent in pay Mary and Michelle needs to wake up .
#Brexit #TV debate: commentators discuss possible line-up
why are you voting for the brexit deal? This is not want leave or remain voted for. I will make sure I won’t vote for you again. You deserve to be deselected.
The leave campaign were making it up ad they went along then. 2yrs 6mths later and they are still at it. It was tosh and poppycock then ad it is balderdash now. Brexit is a dead horse.
I‘m on your team here. Brexit is devastating. I was referring to the divide between the UK and continental Europe. We want to remain allies afterwards, and the messier the breakup, the harder it becomes.
There's bigger issues than this such as Trump, Brexit, the rise of attacks on the LGBTQIAP community and women not getting paid an equal wage to name a few.
Is this a democracy or a dictatorship? Because I'm beginning to wonder....
Yes, Donald Trump is talking perfect sense on May’s Brexit deal
BBC News - Brexit: Theresa May denies 'rolling over' on deal
Look forward to reading it !!
Then every effort should now be spent on blocking this. We cannot have 2 people on the Brexit spectrum debating the most important issue this country faces.
Nice to see a list of People’s Vote supporters, but a bit depressing that the i doesn’t appear to know the difference between an MP and an MSP.
'Brits aren’t STUPID!' Brexiteer brilliantly DISMANTLES no-deal Brexit scare stories
Immigration plans might not be published before Brexit vote, says Javid
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Brexit because the EU's directives on waste are destroying the environment Loopholes in the current {European Commission} Waste Electrical &amp; Electronic Equipment (WEEE) Directives
I mean... that is a fairly big assumption that hes ignoring those issues. he is specifically referring to their stance on brexit, and a peoples vote, he doesnt have to have a full rundown of both parties policy in every tweet he makes.
It really is going sour for the pro-Brexit crew.
What’s the relationship, as you see it, between “scrutinise the deal properly” and “vote to settle Brexit”?
This playlist alone has convinced me that brexit means brexit #boycottspotify
"Independent" AND in the EU? Rather irrational don't you think? Especially when Scotland does substantially more Trade with the Rest of the UK, than anywhere else. is less, much less, than the sum of it's parts. In fact, they're imbeciles.
HYPOCRITE ALERT If you spend 2 years saying #Brexit means parliamentary sovereignty, and then blackmail parliament by saying its your abhorrent #BrexitDeal or #NoDeal, then you are a hypocrite. Theresa May, YOU ARE A HYPOCRITE! #PeoplesVote #BrexitShambles
Wine to be ‘overstocked’ in the UK ahead of Brexit -
#EnglishChannel #Dover #Calais #Brexit BRITAIN IS FACING A NEW INVASION MID-EAST AND AFRICAN MIGRANT COUNTRY-HOPPERS HAVE FOUND A WEAK SPOT TO EXPLOIT - AND FLOODS OF THEM WILL BREAK INTO OUR COUNTRY, POSSIBLY COMMIT CRIMES AND BLEED ITS PUBLIC SERVICES DRY GOVT MUST ACT NOW!
It’s crystal clear what &amp; who the 2 arch brexiteers &amp; are afraid of.... 1. Clear, lucid arguments showing the absurd self harm that is Brexit 2. Bring handed their arse by
It is #TheresaMay that is limiting this pending #brexit deal vote to 2 options, people only support her option because it is not as bad as no deal. A true leader would do what is best for the UK and add remain as an option #peoplesvote #brexitshambles #exitfrombrexit
well said if wants to go on TV &amp; spend millions of pounds on propaganda with on her Brexit deal they both should be called out by the people its a disgrace we want a #PeoplesVote
Of course they have. They’d have been delighted too with Scotland out of the UK AND the EU since March 2016, businesses and taxpayers leaving, austerity max and generally chickens coming home to roost. Scexit four times as bad as Brexit to our economy but, hey, who cares?
They could aleast call it "The BreXit-Factor"
This is a fore taste of post brexit britain!
I wish we had a border so we could deny her entry. You're not welcome here, Treeza!
Good to see this analysis which tells it how it is.
Maybe-even if you slam Pandora's box closed now there will be consequences. If we proceed with #Brexit the compromisers are first to go then the victors fight for the soul of what they have won making present mess look like a tea party
The optimism on display here is absolutely inspirational
Yes. I did, and I do not agree, of course!
Get on with it? No, May’s Brexit plan was a disaster from day one
Write to your MP today to tell them you're #NotBuyingIt. No one wants this dodgy #Brexit deal. Demand a #PeoplesVote:
This typifies the distane shown by our Tory overlords towards Scotland... Remember the lies they told in 2014? They called it the "vow"... an equal union of nations moving forward etc. Actions speak louder than words. I hope people don't buy the bullshit for #IndyRef2 #Brexit
I just pissed in their data pool and you should too, close your eyes and vote at random. weren't you looking for polls it was unlikely that you should be voting in? Maybe you'll like this one.
Alan Greenspan was brilliant in his assessment of #Brexit.
Brexit BOOST: Wetherspoons boss claims EU illusion in 'deep trouble' - and they know it
Delaying Brexit will cost another £10BILLION warns Brussels in HUGE blow to Theresa May
Let us hope he speaks the truth!
#furnesshustings Vote for air hockey not brexit
After Brexit, we'll be at the mercy of cnuts like Trump!
I've walked across hot coals, once, because the experience was offered to me and I thought I ought to try it. It's not hard. Prepare. Don't look down. Keep breathing. Focus on the end target. Keep going, and don't stop. Rather like resisting Brexit?
I love so much
Hypocrisy Let's have that #PeoplesVote
The latest The Navy Campaign Daily! Thanks to #brexit #royalnavy
I don't get the point in a leaders debate about Brexit between two people, one supposedly opposition, who will argue what is the best and most efficient way to make us slightly less fucked. Bit taking the piss, innit?
And there you have it, #Brexit on a stick. #BrexitShambles #FinalSayForAll #finalsay #ffs
Indeed, apparently in Holland the UK vote had the opposite effect. The Durch took one look at Brexit and said Nee bedank, je maakt een grapje.
Brexit isn't worrying in the slightest. It's only the government and the media that they make people feel like that.. How will it affect anyone as an individual.. No one knows because no one knows exactly what will happen, if anything.
li lo lil was a tart she is a brexit prostitute for the ELITE
This response to Theresa May’s letter has gone viral
Congratulations to Carole Cadwalladr. Very well deserved.
It's like Brexit, but with PaRappa!
Perfectly put. Now let’s stay put. #StopBrexit
“We’ll unleash ideas, and people’s thinking, and altruism once again.” addresses #GuardianLive as he launches ‘Economics for the Many’ book #Brexit #Socialism
Ahem no. There were as many types of Brexit as people who voted Brexit. Canada, Canada +, Norway, hard Brexit soft Brexit, get rid of immigrants Brexit, extra money for the NHS Brexit.....
I wonder if nanny would notice a few more birds in the best?
No we are social democratic and pro- Brexit
So now it's clear: the UK government CAN revote Article 50 and stop the clock on Brexit. The next time someone tells you "it's this deal or no deal," tell them the truth.
I genuinely like the guy but regardless of the dubious merits of #Brexit, the idea the left behind of this country should have simply sat back &amp; waited for change that was never coming is idiotic. In fact the only thing going for them (us) in 2016 was Corbyn.
Brexit- could this threaten a UK-US trade deal? EMEA Brief 27 Nov
Forex- Dollar Inches Higher as Sterling Slumps on Brexit Angst
Wouldn't want Brexit to dominate this Brexit debate - much better to use it to discuss the same things they do every week in PMQ's #Brexit #Brexitdebate #Labour
IMO it will be May's. For a second referendum to be seen as legitimate, the Brexit option has to be something that can be presented as "taking back control of our money, laws and borders", however much smoke and mirrors it involves. Norway Plus can't do that.
Again not true Theresa May's Brexit Deal is precisely coming under attack for the reason that it fails to maintain regulatory alignment going forward with EU legislation
They’re supposed to set the direction, the framework and the goals, not to negotiate themselves. Principles don’t, they only come in at the end. If they failed then it was to set a clear direction, clear goals and framework. Caught by the Brexit unicorns.
Get back in your box, Scotland. #BetterTogether ? Aye right! #Brexit #BrexitShambles
Oh, he £#c{ed up in Europe as well!
Caroline Lucas is more of a leader than JC will ever be. And I am a pro nuclear power eco-modernist
Brexit: Turner Broadcasting applies for licences in Germany
Yes, Donald Trump is talking perfect sense on May’s Brexit deal | Peter Mandelson
Thankfully I just scored 65 points on the Australian skills based test so if Corbyn gets his wish for a second vote on Brexit or Theresa May's shitty deal gets through, at least I can go live where they have got control of their own country.
has received a lot of flak for unbalanced reporting on Brexit (I’ve even given flak myself)... so full credit when it’s due.
Theresa May heads to Scotland as Brexit deal founders in Westminster
Always watched why did your reporter think it was appropriate to say “Nationalist’s in Scotland bang the drum of Independence “ re #Brexitroadshow is trying to show the UK there is another option to Brexit
I can't imagine anything less likely to work.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
What did you expect , step aside Mrs May your delaying Brexit now ! Your not delivering what the majority of the people here wanted ! Lets get out and let the EU crumble ! We all know its a shit deal and why ? Mr B liar has ratified it the same person that gave FMP its his fault
It will never be democracy until we get rid of FPP, and have pr.
Lying bastard. Whatever trials and downfalls we the British people suffer as a result of Brexit shall come back and haunt you!
Mrs May, you offer a false binary choice to terrorise us: A Shit Deal OR No Deal Suicide There is a 3rd way : Remain and Reform Join us #Brexit
Same for Brexit then? -wont stop trading??, That ISNT the point -putting up barriers/trade frictions to your BIGGEST market -esp when you share same currency/language et al is BONKERS &amp; will reduce GDP. Indy is far far worse then ANY Brexit for Scottish economy
The Pakistani home secretary is set to abandon the target of reducing immigration to the "tens of thousands". Of course that "target" itself was a blatant lie to win votes and was never actually going to be implemented.
Quite night tonight James
The latest The VeriSmart Dorset Bugle! Thanks to #brexit #eu
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Clearly Treason May has something to hide.
Is that Teresa May sorting out the brexit deal?
#UK #Parliament no-confidence vote on #Remainer PM #TheresaMay is imminent. Risible #Brexit deal is pronounced Dead-On-Arrival. #BrexitChaos #BrexitAgreement , , , #leavemnsleave
That already have and plan for more after Brexit. They are the only ones to reap a Brexit dividend.
Here in the uk we would be mighty proud to have somebody has strong as president Trump leadind our brexit negotiations and also our country.
There that twat with the banners again, everytime BBC reports outside Parliament, hes there, no pro brexit banners, just him, do you think BBC could be BIASED? #NODEALS
these are the traitors those who swear the oath of allegiance to the BBC and the union!
We have been warned: 'While parliament fiddles [over #Brexit] Europe burns ... History could not be clearer. The diversion of the Russo-Ukrainian conflict into the Sea of Azov is precisely the kind of escalation that has preceded Europe’s past cataclysms'.
He right it does which I thought that was the whole point of leaving
Of course, the only way we can survive post brexit is to become international gun runners. We will be supplying bombs and other arms to any tinpot despot who can come up with the filthy lucre
Rik Mayall, #Worcestershire's finest comedian, 30 years ahead of his time #Brexit
Err, I think you'll find the far right is here and strong as ever cause of Brexit you ignorant cow! You created the mess you wretched ignominious fool, everyone is now paying the price you hate peddler. You should be deselect and thrown out of the labour party! Red Tory swine!
Team Brexit.
This flurry of discussion about a TV Brexit debate has made me think about an issue of political comms tactics that was already bothering me re. the College Green ‘Stop Brexit’ bloke. And let me stress, this is no comment on him or People’s Vote, just about comms tactics. (1/5).
Let’s imagine the debate ends up with reps from all strands of the argument, including People’s Vote. Now, at that point, no-one from that campaign would think it was a good idea to have the College Green guy in the audience, screaming ‘No Brexit’ over every answer. (2/5).
why is touring the uk trying to sell this fake Brexit deal that is in no way beneficial to us &amp; unites remain &amp; leave as neither side wants /likes it? She works for the Uk not the EU! Are you supporting her in selling us out?Or sticking with your principles?
I just love this.
Well said #PeoplesVoteNow
You might not have seen us on the news today but you might have heard us on the one o'clock Why? Because we are protesting against Brexit and we want a #PeoplesVote.
She's my hero. Un modelo a seguir. "Why did you leave it to me, as a private citizen, to question the unlawful use of the royal prerogative to trigger article 50?" My letter to Jeremy Corbyn: your nation is threatened – back a people’s vote By Gina Miller
Agree with Caroline. #BREXIT - there has been too much Criminality, Lying, suppression of facts, cajoling and manipulation. If there is a debate (and I really don't see the value in it - at all) - then all views should be represented.
They all need to waken up to the fact that it's not the 1970's anymore..
You had a vote you lost. We deserve the brexit we voted for and won
It’s gonna be the new Med after brexit though why the hell they want to come here is beyond me.
They will all eventually capitulate! No spines! No moral! No scruples! I bet the whip has got his little black book out and threatening scandal to all those who dare oppose #Mayhem! #StandUp4Brexit #Brexit #ch4 #bbcnews #skynews #lbc #talkradio
Theresa May just admitted #Brexit can be stopped -- now let's make it happen!
I think you will find lastvyears election proved otherwise. And Brexit aside the #toxictories justvwant another excuse to keep #austerity and anyone who voted for the tories really should #checkthemselves
Brexit VICTORY: Gibraltar has fallen 'out of love' with EU in last two years
SO, the electorate should just trust the MPs &amp; never question the powers at be? What if MPs have invested interest in Brexit (see below)? So, no accountability! And, the electorate should just be sheep and ask no questions? Odd thing to say. Truly odd.
Current state of #Brexit enthusiasts and doom-mongers. Pause for a second; you don’t know.
The Great Brexit Betrayal March - December 9th - 11:45 - Whitehall - London #BitChute
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Shame your politicians have deserted the British people .
Brexit: Theresa May denies 'rolling over' on deal - BBC News: Brexit: Theresa May denies 'rolling… #News #Politics
well said if wants to go on TV &amp; spend millions of pounds on propaganda with on her Brexit deal they both should be called out by the people its a disgrace we want a #PeoplesVote
Should have done it long ago. Migrant boats crossing the channel driven by Brexit is the last straw really - material politics not the niceties of my own conscience. Fuck that. Also you’re invariably right I suspect!
If you ever wanted proof of how phoney May's supposed "Brexit"is all you need to know is that there are no bilateral talks between the UK and the US at the coming G20 meeting in Argentina.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
What global opportunities would those be?
#channel4news #BBCNews If you insist on canvassing the public for their views on Brexit please find someone who has a clue and who can string a few words together that mean something.
Your occasional reminder that Labour is actually playing a blinder over #Brexit.
THE CONSERVATIVES Alien beings from a dying planet. Their destination: the Earth. Their purpose: to make it their world... ...by causing as much disruption as possible through Austerity, Brexit, Trump, and Putin to seize total power and control the people.
There are more pros for indy that’s cons get if your knees we don’t know england time they stood on their own two feet and stopped wanting us to hold their hands - most of them would sell NI and Scotland out to get their beloved brexit your union does not want you ‘n
Television : A People's Vote speaker to be represented in the televised Brexit debate via
#Markets lower on #Brexit, Italy and US-China woes
Nothing more vague than your own rhetoric od Brexit and absolutely no plan for future
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
When thinks is more interested in Breakfast than Brexit.... #brexit #channel4news #blooper
is #ontour of the UK - hope she plays #hits like "Strong &amp; Stable","Brexit means #Brexit", "Look, I've Been Very Clear", "I'm In", &amp; that old fave "My Judgment as Home Secretary Is That Remaining a Member Of The EU Means We'll Be More Secure From Crime &amp; Terrorism".
Section her and TM, no debate, no deal, just fulfill the Brexit people voted for, not this dressed up hard remain.
This is the point I have been trying to make about it being a class thing and Brexit will have an effect on their quality of life. It's going to effect all of us, but these deaths have been going on since 2010, Brexit, the last few years. Where was the outrage from them then?
via 'Teach us a lesson' Nigel Farage reveals his BIGGEST fear over Theresa May's Brexit deal #UK_News
Rachael there are idiots in every party...you know then ..lets hope there are more with good sence..regarding Brexit...lets pray it helps...you take care love...xxx
I don't know what you're trying to convince me of. BTW Hitchens advocates for a diminished and humbled Britain. Not in so many words but if you read his columns you know the yearnings of his heart. Therefore his positions on Brexit and other things don't surprise.
DUP reveals real reason why Irish businesses support Theresa May's #Brexit deal
Nigel Farage: May's Brexit deal the worst deal in history
A clue
Life goes on. #Brexit deal or no deal, here is a good summary of #business plans.
"Lies, Damn Lies and Brexit Lies" #C4News
Why doesn’t the silly deluded woman throw in the towel? She will never get this national surrender ‘deal’ through the HoC. Time for a WTO #NoDealNoProblem #Brexit
A fantasist immune to the daily onslaught of facts.
So, now, Brexit means Broken-Exit.
BBC Scotland’s political editor under fire after news report pokes fun at FM’s Brexit press conference
My U.K. people tell me I’m so wrong about Brexit. Let’s see gas in Texas is under 2$ a gallon. UK 1.30£ per liter. (3.79 liters in a gallon)
You say "European Standards" European=Whole Europe. No crisis in Scotland maybe cus of Brexit and is in an island. But it's undeniable that Continental Europe is worse now before the crisis since 2008 &amp; have been handled bad. Venezuela is the perfect example of populist socialist
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Yes and Brexit will make every single one of them worse. That's why we want to stop it. If Brexit goes ahead thousands will lose their jobs, the NHS won't survive, it will be austerity on steroids. For goodness sake, wake up!
Oh, but of course, 'all options remain on the table' #Brexit
More fake news from mainstream journalists trying to influence Brexit via
It's not the final deal though, it's a half blind brexit which gives away our leverage and ushers in years of wrangling and uncertainty.
You are a nation who don't get to be independent without the consent of Westminster. Look at how the tories have refused to accept your remain vote in the brexit referendum.
Allin-Khan - just another lobotomised drone. Has she come up with the names of any relocating companies yet?
It wouldn’t be a debate about Brexit..it would be about who is the best leader to run the country and who would win a GE!
#London #Market midday: #Brexit And US-China Trade Keep #Markets On Edge
NOW: We cross to the UK for the latest on Brexit talks &amp; heading to Argentina for G20.
Americans don’t sit around talking shit as May will discover
Linguists rock
The comments on this by brit Nat trolls.... shameful sheep the lot of them
No-deal Brexit: Amazon blamed for lack of food warehouse space
Theresa May is claiming to be getting a very clear message when speaking to the public about her brexit deal. I think all sides of the brexit debate can all agree that this is absolute bollocks.
Brexit metaphor?
I thought Tony Blair's administration were lying and deceitful. Well, Theresa May's Government are taking it to a new level. #Brexit
He really isn't better than this, I'm desperate to vote but despise Corbyn for enabling Brexit.
Is this political retribution?
And it is a ludicrous statement to claim the LibDems caused Brexit. Brexit was caused by decades of our own politicians misrepresenting the EU, ignoring the deprived areas - and a far right, dishonest tabloid press.
Whatever your politics, this is not acceptable. What are 2 politicians with almost identical visions on #Brexit going to debate? Need to include at least anti-Brexit voice (either Lib-dem or SNP) for this to be credible.
Failed negotiation has led to third and fourth options none of which are Brexit, mum always said honesty is the best policy, unfortunately I've a few examples to contradict
THIS.
Good to see the Scottish Government treating the economic consequences of Tory #Brexit with the seriousness they never applied to the consequences of independence
“If ministers continues to dig in, then Labour will use all the mechanisms available to force this information to be published,” Starmer said."
Bizarre understanding you have of some European countries I know well. My original point was that the Brexit deal on offer is not likely to deliver what you hope as regards the UK fishing industry. We'll never know who's right because Brexit is not going to happen. FINIS
Anyone supporting Brexit is forced to utter one ludicrous claim after another. The emperor has no clothes, is standing before a mirror, can see his own danglies, can even see us pointing and sniggering, and still denies he's naked. It's quite something.
What's the point. Mr Starmer will vote against the government anyway because (I presume) he wants a soft Brexit or to remain
This response to Theresa May’s letter has gone viral
Mike Harding's response to Theresa May’s letter
Note: a lot has been said, in true classist fashion as is customary here, on EU citizens working for Russell-group universities. But there are also lots of us working in post-92 universities and making a positive difference. Will be a lot harder after Brexit. The UK's loss /ends
Wish we could dissolve parliament and start again, we all think there are too many shysters who are unable to put our country first and give us a final say on Brexit. So sick of it. Dragging country down. Still cannot believe country's stockpiling.
. what constitutional grounds do you have to ignore the will of parliament? Parliament is sovereign in the UK, so this is arrogant and illegal act is extremely serious.
#CCN: The Brexit Deal, a Tumbling Pound, and a Ceaseless Crypto Bloodbath #cryptocurrency #caprehab #bitcoin #crypto #blockchain #news #cryptonews
Write to your MP today to tell them you're #NotBuyingIt. No one wants this dodgy #Brexit deal. Demand a #PeoplesVote:
Unite has a series of tests to judge the PM’s botched #Brexit deal - find out why it fails them here:
Although they would still be better off in the EU. Wales has also received a huge amount of funding through the EU Regional Development Fund. If *IF* we leave the EU, they won’t be getting any more. #StopBrexit
Seen it, and know brexit will make it worse.
Err, I think you'll find the far right is here and strong as ever cause of Brexit you ignorant cow! You created the mess you wretched ignominious fool, everyone is now paying the price you hate peddler. You should be deselected and thrown out of the labour party! Red Tory swine!
You misread it. The rights apply whether you are on holiday OR for pre-planned medical care. Here’s the BMA document link: After Brexit, UK migrants living in EU (e.g. pensioners) may need to return to UK for free healthcare.
This response to Theresa May’s letter has gone viral
Brexit deal doomed, says Theresa May’s former cabinet ally - via
Democracy means people get an opportunity to revisit. Brexit is a disaster and must be stopped.
They built a tower to keep that Stop Brexit guy off BBC News, so he did this
In Tel Aviv to speak at a conference. I get into a taxi. Driver hears my accent &amp; immediately starts interrogating me about BREXIT! Wants to know what has happened to our fabled British pragmatism &amp; commonsense!
Former May loyalist said he will vote against 'doomed deal' and the UK should send the negotiators back to Brussels.
Brexit news latest: 'Debate someone who believes in Brexit,' Boris Johnson tells Theresa May - Evening Standard
Over 100 people gathered with us last Friday to discuss Ireland and the #EU – Moving beyond #Brexit at a public meeting. The audience listened to a panel of key players and experts followed by a Q&amp;A. #FutureofEurope #EUDialogues #Waterford. Photos: John Power
Serious question for those of you who can still be arsed with Brexit: “could any Prime Minister have concocted a deal which would have got approved by Parliament”?
As thick as the Brexit cunts commenting on his tweet.
This response to Theresa May’s letter has gone viral. Telling her exactly how it is. YOU CAN SHOVE YOUR BREXIT WHERE THE SUN DOESN'T SHINE!
Farmers say a no deal #Brexit will effect meat farming. So no a deal Brexit will help reduce greenhouse gas emissions, arrest climate change in addition to reducing the risk of cancer and heart disease. #climatechange #NoDealBrexit
This week, the G20 summit &amp; the potential for a Brexit deal will be the markets main focus.
This is overwhelming, thank you Stephen &amp; Naomi for being so proactive and quick on this. That you took the time and opportunity to raise these issues today is invaluable, especially as Brexit draws near. Thank you.
From the Archive: What's it like to be a pro-Brexit academic in an anti-Brexit university? We talk with panellist back in Nov 2017
Not sure if I want Brexit called off because at the moment it seems like it would be an unprecedented social disaster or because it would be absolutely humiliating for Britain.
Regardless of whether you're a Brexiteer or a Remainer, the politicisation of the border in Ireland is dangerous and wrong. Please stop throwing us under a bus for your own agenda. #Brexit #BrexitDeal #WithdrawalAgreement
From the Daily FAIL.
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
And yet people think Trump is less damaging than Brexit. That any damage can be corrected once Trump is gone.
We now have some idea of the price the #EU expects the #UK to pay to leave, what we don't know is how much is EU prepared to concede to get us to remain? #BrexitDeal #Brexit #BrexitChaos
Boris: Brexit debate must include Brexiteer
The majority are interested though. And you know that, don’t you? And Corbyn isn’t representing the majority of the party who want a second vote now we can all clearly see the fiasco that Brexit will be. A bag of carrots would be on 40% v May.
Nicola has failed Scotland not Brexit getting in the it's not my fault early stuff blaming Brexit . She knows she has failed yet her cult let her away with murder some being paid off others hate all things English
You are a traitor to Brexit but worse of all the Voters of The UK, PM May
The #eu is good for the #rich only - it's time for the #Dexit after the #Brexit. #Germany #merkel
"The Empire has no clothes!" #Brexit #BrexitDeal #BrexitAgreement
BBC Scotland’s political editor under fire after news report pokes fun at FM’s Brexit press conference
Congratulations . Your doggedness remains inspirational. They are scared. Carole Cadwalladr wins Foreign Press award for Trump and Brexit work
#Brexit #TV debate: commentators discuss possible line-up
is now talking about Brexit and I'm back in my safe space.
Until Brexit has taken place, no pacts or treaties should be signed. If there is a signature on such a document it should be declared null and void. There needs to be an urgent need to get her out before she does this to further damage the UK. Get this stupid bitch out fast.
we don't want your Brexit deal bollocks we want a #PeoplesVote
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
DOWNING STREET IS DEEP STATE...MAYBE MAY WAS THREATENED.
Finally she says it.
He’s in a difficult position: he’s been pro-Brexit his whole political life, his target voters are for the most part pro-Brexit but his party supporters are very much pro-EU on the whole.
Feck Brexit for now, get part 1 of the Treble Treble achieved on Sunday
Why don’t you want Scotland to have a voice in brexit?
EU will not renegotiate Brexit deal, says May deputy – The Guardian
I know what they meant now about a blindfold Brexit.
can you just maybe leak the full Brexit legal advice please?
How do these people go through life?
Theresa May's Brexit deal is doomed - Sir Michael Fallon
Totally agree!
The perfect song that reflects the #Brexit #twitter comments tonight ....walk on #ShakespearsSister '#BitterPill' via
I don't question your honesty in coming out against what you object to about UKIP, but I seriously question your timing. Encouraging any splits in the Brexit support vote potential could be disastrous &amp; give undivided power to one of the main parties after a future vote. Not good
I would urge everyone to read this. It's a series of comments on specific sections of May's "deal". Her office responded, and Martin Howe QC is replying to the responses. It is a devastating legal summary.
The difference is that May's deal is a possible path to "proper Brexit" over a long period of time if there is continuing appetite for it. Norway Plus is conceding that this won't happen.
All has done is negotiate us into a worse negotiating position. We should have been preparing to leave. #Brexit is being betrayed Join us in London on the 9th Dec (meetup loc TBC) This cannot be allowed. #BrexitBetrayal #BrexitBetrayalMarch #MayMustGo
Arlene Foster just told Theresa May don't bother coming to Northern Ireland as the DUP are not going to back yout treacherous deal and your not really welcome. She came to Wales today and wasn't welcome we voted to Leave, we voted Brexit. Not welcome in the UK only in the EU fact
You know what I'm bored of? No. Sick of. Being told what I bloody well want by politicians who refuse to listen to what I want! Don't assume you know what I want when you plug you're ears to anyone who isn't kissing your arse or lining you pocket! I want a People's Vote!
So ...the Black Tuesday Brexit sales pitch is almost over. Who's bought something?
And this will all happen if we have the Labour version of Brexit? What is this version?
Austerity created Brexit. How many times does this have to be said before the penny drops with some
I’m confused. Are you still supporting Brexit? Or were you duped at the time?
Brexit is the Tories making, Cameron called this. May is messing it up. They have got a lot to answer for.
Independence transcends Brexit but I can't call another Independence referendum until I know what the full terms of Brexit are.
Unbelievable! During the last GE the were mocked by Labour &amp; Tories for warning about #Brexit. Now 2yrs down the line &amp; who is it that gets asked to speak at a Debate about Brexit against the Government, Yep you got it the Brexit Loving Labour Leader #StopBrexit
No, he isn't. He's always been a Leaver. He's anti-Europe. We can't rely on Corbyn to save us from Brexit. He wants us out.
The #Brexit vote was won on downright lies and foreign influence and the deal now on the table is the worst of all worlds, even the hardcore leavers hate it! It can be stopped
Fresh row looms as No 10 refuses to publish full Brexit legal advice
The premise to "Being left destitute and homeless with Brexit"
#TheresaMay fails to soften DUP’s #Brexit stance on North visit
Ok, pay attention, folks.
He’s a Bennite. He supports hard brexit. It’s no secret .
Agreed, or we don’t leave at all
"Groupthink is not limited to foreign policy. It can also be a major risk in any organisation" #Brexit
It's interesting that fans of Brexit are so opposed to a second referendum. It's almost like they don't believe they could pull the same trick twice.
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
Something about Brexit
Hope she has her anti-stab vest on
#brexit is to blame for the new version of abc murders. Poirot has been deported and the murderer gets to z!!
May rebukes Trump as she bids to sell Brexit deal
"And here, Mrs May, is an actually detailed Brexit plan I've conjured up for you." #Brexit
Bless him. Full on Uncle Joe’s Balls ...
I voted YES. Should Nicola Sturgeon be involved in any televised Brexit debate? via
lying toads , it’s not just unskilled , it’s our rules, our money, our jobs, our nhs, our transport, our waters and our money spent in the uk on our pensioners on our homeless our veterans and young not on eu , and you lot havnt upheld an already existing rule to have skills in
David is trying to row back and accept Brexit. A clever choice of narrative after opposing Brexit vehemently for over 2 years.
So, after hearing Donny’s comments about Brexit and the possible trade problems between UK and USA, my English buddy stated “he is a twerp” which delighted me. I can think of many other derisive adjectives to describe our leader, but he truly is a twerp!!
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
The data I looked at is negative because that’s what the data shows! Data is just numbers, it’s not bias, it just shows what it shows and nearly all studies point to Brexit being entirely negative. It’s not growth at any cost. It’s avoiding complete financial meltdown.
That depends on klopp’s mid 3. We go with brexit, we’ll get spanked and schooled like Napoli game.
That’s right. If Article 13 comes into effect, Europe will basically have no free will on the Internet. Content Creators won’t be able to make or even watch videos. This may or may not the UK what with Brexit going on. I hope it doesn’t.
The latest Daily Twitter Tidbits! #brexit #worldatwork
making t shirts that say "Gender fluidity is as lasting as time, you’re just too crusty to know" lmk if u need one thnx
Decided to skip on plus 1 Brexit has lost out to #legomasters It's the only way to go
My son just lost his job too. Brexit uncertainty was the reason given for loss of work leading to loss of hours leading to loss of employment. Born here, not born here, if Brexit wasnt happening, hed have a job. P.s. he never lost his job between 13/14 during Indy uncertainty
FYI ps time to get real &amp; ditch #Brexit
Reality check. 46 million registered UK voters. Petition "Leave the EU immediately" 141,857 signatures. Petition "Stop Brexit" 54,558 signatures. Petition" Grant a Peoples Vote" 11,115 signature. Way to go
Of course! Poor boy!!!! Hope u guys in Scotland are not dragged into this wave of xenophobia thanks to Brexit (it didn’t appear to me this summer when I was there).
Anyone else remember what the news cycle was like before Brexit? No. Me neither.
Or one trying to influence a parliamentary process, and in so doing potentially toppling a Prime Minister, and undermine the UK economy by provoking a no deal Brexit. His motive? A trade deal entirely in America’s favour. Trump is no friend of the UK, don’t kid yourself.
Yay a debate between Jeremy ‘hard brexit’ Corbyn and Theresa ‘May, May takes your freedom away’ May. What have we done to deserve such a pleasure. #stopbrexit #finalsay
On the one hand the FBPEs are right a televised Brexit debate is broadly pointless, especially when held so late as Dec 9th. On the other hand, had Corbyn refused they'd absolutely have used it to claim someone else should be Labour leader. (They'll do this anyway OFC)
Theresa May's office hits back after Donald Trump suggests Britain might not be able to trade with the U.S. after Brexit
Astonishing
I love that the Brexit vote happened when I was 16 so I didn't get a say. And now that I'm 18 I somehow have even less of a say in it
I think Brexit is a good idea. However if you are too obtuse to understand why, I can’t be bothered to call you. After all we must all be plonkers!
The flaming candle that will destroy us is Brexit. And to mix metaphors you have been one of the Sirens who for 40+ years have been luring us on to the rocks!
Have you been offered a Peerage or a Knighthood to support PM’s betrayal #BRINO (Brexit In Name Only)?
I mean... I've been trying not to think of that, but I am curious as to how Brexit will factor in with Article 13. Either way, a lot of my favourite fan content creators are in Europe, so it'd suck to potentially lose their work.
I just gonna leave this here!
The politicians like Nigel FARAGE and other Brexit supporters need to stand up and cause a fuss.
Brexit news latest: 'Debate someone who believes in Brexit,' Boris Johnson tells Theresa May - Evening Standard
We are prepared for Britain to cancel Brexit, says EU president #CancelBrexit
This video was filmed at a stall at the end of November. This man explained how his Dad changed his mind on #brexit and now wants a #peoplesvote. Why not listen why?
1 If anyone in Ireland is doing work on connecting the landlord state/housing crisis to the tech imperialism that has arrived pre- and post-Brexit, can you please direct me to it? I've seen a lot on the housing situation, but not how it was co-created by these miserable companies
Yeah it's that trust thing that will swing it.....
which is why we need wide spread dives into u.s. based, high-mid profile, early brexit adopters. have to root the network out.
You are failing to grasp what Brexit is all about. Falling back on old tropes of Leave voters being thick , racist, lied to, misled, voting against austerity, Trumpian etc. You should follow Matt Goodwin from Chatham House. You might gain more insight.
Voted twice
Debate musnt be just May &amp; Corbyn
Preparing your firm for Brexit
#Warricker on tonight asking what has caused the uptick of #migrant attempts to come to #UK. Has anyone thought that, with #Brexit, #FrenchAuthorities have no real incentive to prevent migrants crossing Channel anymore? Wonder if they are turning a blind eye? #GTTO
Lammy supports the raping and grooming of children by Paki§tani men all over Britain, that is my conclusion as to why he is so Anti - TM.
Brexit.
When life imitates art. #brexit #agoodeal #notagooddeal
If you saw through all the deception and still voted for #Brexit, then you are also OK with the deal that came out now, because that was roughly the deal which was foreseen in 2016.
How does Sir Michael Fallon KNOW that Theresa May’s Brexit deal is “doomed”?
Tony Abbott: How to save Brexit
Folk singer Mike Harding was a fixture on British television throughout the 80s. He's clearly lost none of his vim &amp; vigour. As good a response to Theresa May's Brexit letter as you are likely to read.
Seismic Shock of Brexit Will Change UK's Politics For Ever
Absolutely. The debate has to be between a committed remainer and a committed Leaver. Anything other than that isn’t a Brexit debate.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
sooo AS my FIRST part, i would LIKE to taLK aBOUT THE IRISH DEVOLUTION — As you KNOooow Tony BLAIR asked the PEOPLE for a referendum But tooDAYYY Theresa May is voting in favor of Brexit. Now…
It could b that JC scrapes GE but that is no guarantee that would end Brexit. I understand the violent extreme right r lurking &amp; LP MPs have suggested that is a reason 2 stop pushing for a Peoples Vote. In my view that is precisely why Brexit must be stopped its a right wing coup
#Brexit premonition from &amp; Hugh Laurie of #abitoffryandlaurie in the 90s:
Yes, Donald Trump is talking perfect sense on May’s Brexit deal | Peter Mandelson
Who should be involved in any #Brexit #TV debate?
Cowards.
Wrong. Delivering a Brexit free from the EU is what was voted for. The people have already voted. #NoDealNoProblem
If you have only five to ten minutes, but really want to understand why #Brexit is such a mess and why the #UK can't find a solution, read this interview with . An example of clear-eyed analysis - and exasperation at the present situation.
Post-Brexit NHS.
Absolutely. And heartbreaking to think how many services have suffered during this 2 year Brexit obsession. A single issue that has overshadowed everything in the UK. At a massive cost to all of us.
A knifeman with this gets community service. A Muslim rapist is given rights to access to a child whose mother he raped. This is normal in the UK. It makes Brexit looks absolutely sane.
another blow to the uk..
Because, unlike any other option, no deal does need a Commonsmajority. If all else is defeated, it is the default path come 29 March.
There's no majority in Parliament for an Election, the government don't automatically fall after losing a major vote in the Commons. People are getting a bit carried away at the moment, willfully ignoring or ignorant of the realities of the Fixed Terms Parliament Act. #Brexit
BREAKING IMPORTANT INFORMATION REGARDING BREXIT MEANS EXIT MARCH ON 9TH ... via
If you’re a Welder in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a tragedy for you. If you live in the North East of England then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this farce! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Ah - behold! The Great Panjandrum!
Hawes: "Brexit is about damage limitation. There is no Brexit dividend."
#Brexit deal will leave the average Brit poorer Sent via
Yay a debate between Jeremy ‘hard brexit’ Corbyn and Theresa ‘May, May takes your freedom away’ May. What have we done to deserve such a pleasure. #stopbrexit #finalsay #peoplesvote
#Windrush #HostileEnvironment #TheresaMay idolised #Thatcher She learned well how to terrorise ordinary citizens, right or wrong, it didn't, doesn't matter. #Brexit voters are the very people who were driven into the ground by #Tories They didn't vote for YOU they want you gone!
Superb ........... But...... Hate the UK............. #Brexit #Brexitshambles
Won't be an issue for Anna Soubry, she gets her water in from France, pre-bottled and fermented
Tories defy binding democratic Parliamentary vote in desperate attempt to hide “damning” Brexit legal advice via
more #blindfoldBrexit than very ever imagined then!
'Brits aren’t STUPID!' Brexiteer brilliantly DISMANTLES no-deal Brexit scare stories
There still is and MI5 are watching them all. Never DOING anything, mind, just watching.
True to form however we can rely on Channel 4 News presenters to deploy their unconscious bias when describing the various Brexit options: “crashing out without a deal” rolls off the tongue as if an apocalyptic outcome is an established fact.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
We really need Christmas this year after this Brexit fiasco.
Who are you trying to fool James. Forget politics for one minute and actually think about what’s best for Britain and the sovereignty of the country that Brexit is meant to achieve.
The seismic shock of Brexit will change the UK’s politics for ever – The Guardian
#Fed poised to raise rates as #Powell will signal it when he talks about how this Fed is different. Analysts like Cramer sees bear markets rally as Dow and Nasdaq rise 2nd day in a row at a time Trump TradeWar, #brexit Unknown’s, Debt bubble weigh in on markets
Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn won't want Nicola Sturgeon at the Brexit debate because she'll make mincemeat out of them.
What are and so afraid of? They both want #Brexit and knows #scotland does not. She’d hammer the two of them in a debate and they’re scared of her. Pair of fearties.
You said "Labour has decided it isn't for anyone". That is demonstrably false. Now you move your goalposts and start on about Brexit. Honestly man, give it a miss.
We have had the referendum. Remain lost. No point having a Remainer on unless they are arguing for soft Brexit.
It’s time for a revolution ! We’ve reached the Bottom.... #Brexit
The Brexit deal
Well, no. It will be decided in court whether we are out or not, not by the legal counsel of one side.
This is disgraceful. Brexit hatred? Or poor school discipline?
A no deal Brexit means:- We leave the EU No open borders No more money to EU No £39 billion handout Free trade with whole World Make our own laws Sovereignty returns to UK Out of SM &amp; CU Fishing waters back No longer under ECJ NO TRANSITION THAT'S FREEDOM It's what I voted for!!
She’s scared because she has mislead the public
THIS
#big fearty
She’s sold out Brits abroad She’s sold out the country
Michael Gove Unleashed As May’s ‘Secret Weapon’ In Bid To Sell Brexit Deal To Tory MPs -
No-deal Brexit: Amazon blamed for lack of food warehouse space – The Guardian
Product discription 15.6" (1366 x 768) HD Display, Intel HD Graphics 620 Intel Core i3-7130U Dual-Core processor, 2.7 GHz, 8GB DDR4 Memory16GB, 1TB HDD 5400rpm; Picture is for reference only, price rate: Used &amp; new (29) from $340.00 buy now click the link:
#NoBrexit is better than a Bad(any) Brexit!
Have just watched saying we need to stockpile medicines. Now have to apply for an international driving permit. Has any country ever voluntarily done itself so much damage? #Brexit is utterly illogical, pointless and stupid
To give context. During the 2008 recession, we saw growth cut by 2%. After Brexit, it will drop by between 5-9%. That’s like removing the input of London. To take your example, what’s the point of houses being cheaper if no one can afford to buy one?
You could well be right #School
Write to your MP today to tell them you're #NotBuyingIt. No one wants this dodgy #Brexit deal. Demand a #PeoplesVote:
Brexit, UKiP, British Nationalists, Stephen Yaxley-Lennon and the BBC didn't create this bully boy. They have however created the conditions in which racist thugs have become emboldened and this type of behaviour has become acceptable. Utterly shameful.
Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn won't want Nicola Sturgeon at the Brexit TV debate because she'll make mincemeat out of them.
So you tell your wife you plan on divorcing her and expect to get a good deal out of it? #brexit
I’m happy to go with NI business talking about NI business. I get the whole “sovereignty thing” (genuinely)...but the harder the Brexit the worse economically for NI. That might be a price worth paying..just don’t agree with that
The public are much more in favour of including someone who would be willing to consider a "no-deal" Brexit as a serious option as well as Mrs May and Mr Corbyn - 63% say such a figure should be included,
Eric's right mate, your Brexit fantasy is crumbling before your eyes and if you can't see that, your as deluded as May....
The latest The Nogbad News! Thanks to #brexit #brexitdeal
Also to cope with the hideous greyness and creeping insularity of Brexit UK we have decided to move to France. Want to come with?
Brexit has exposed just how corrupt,out of touch &amp; conniving the UK political system is. Politicians look down on British people, don’t respect our vote &amp; most are anti British preferring to support EU Dictatorship rule over our country. They are betraying us &amp; selling out UK.
Taken you over two years to deal with brexit reform should be a doddle what 50 years.
The Guardian talk up Westminster. I’m Alt Left, I support the deal and Yvette.
Theresa May has agreed to Brexit TV debate with Corbyn
Post-Brexit tea?
France prey to 'poison' that caused Brexit says Emmanuel Macron, as he tries to defuse 'yellow… #Brexit #Telegraph
Donald Trump offered Theresa May trade deal four months ago, but she rejected him, former… #Brexit #Telegraph
Overwhelmed &amp; grateful to &amp; who today took the opportunity to raise issues stemming from our case with the Prime Minister &amp; NIO today. Seeking clarity on our rights in NI &amp; holding the UK Home Office accountable is essential in the run up to #Brexit
They're in it for themselves. Like the last days in The Bunker, they'll go down with their Leader, no matter what.....
Petition: STOP BREXIT
Markets lower on Brexit, Italy &amp; US-China woes
Are you sure they're not all Brits trying to escape the fiasco that is Brexit, in order to remain as citizens of Europe too :)
NEWS! NASA receives signal from Mars saying Brexit deal is shit
They've always said that. It's true.
Brexit explained: What is the Norway model and is it an option for the UK? - The Irish Times
May heads to Scotland to share her Brexit bullshit with Fluffy Mundane and Ruth Darkmoneyson. I trust Scots to give May the welcome she deserves for shitting on Scotland
I thought was exceptional on Monday #politicslive Jenny Brexit knowledge is outstanding Darlington should be proud of the Shadow Brexit minister.
Good point
It took a remainer to have the guts to take us through the Brexit negotiations while you and your cronies sat back waiting for chaos.
These people are gonna end up voting for the same party as Boris Johnson, Jacob Rees-Mogg, Michael Gove, etc
Doubt that will make it to UK We won't have any money after BREXIT
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
national stupity was voting for Brexit
Well your right their Sir theirs nothing for the British people
The best division is the ousting of this evil, treacherous EU puppet!
Vox is consistently really good at the vital art of explainer journalism. This on the Brexit deal divides with is great
Long shot…
UK Won't Revoke Article 50, Which Triggered Brexit Process - May's Spokesman: via
Please tell me you don’t do your household accounts. If you do please stop and I will seek help.
Theresa May's Brexit deal will leave the UK economy as much as 5.5% smaller after a decade than if the UK remained in the European Union, according to new research. via #Sky #BusinessNews
LYING REJECTS one and ALL.
Yes, Donald Trump is talking perfect sense on May’s Brexit deal | Peter Mandelson
A Brexit debate between &amp; is about as useful as two alcoholics arguing about the benefits of booze. #BrexitDebate
To be fair to Boris, there is no point in 2 Remainers debating Theresa the Deceivers non Brexit betrayal. She should debate a true Brexiteer, not Corbyn the Commie.
I liked a video Brexit II: Last Week Tonight with John Oliver (HBO)
#brexit bring back Cameron Blair and Brown that will sort brexit
Could be that Brexit was built on lies and is now crumbling under the weight of reality...
Theresa May heads to Scotland as Brexit deal founders in Westminster: Number of Tory MPs opposing proposal rises as prime minister attempts to win support around the UK Theresa May takes her Brexit publicity blitz to Scotland on Wednesday as opponents of…
Yes, Donald Trump is talking perfect sense on May’s Brexit deal | Peter Mandelson #NEWS
Yse, Donald Trump is talking perfect sense no May’s Brexit deal | Peter Mandelson
'People were sold a lie': Ruthin restless over May's Brexit deal
Theresa May heads to Scotland as Brexit deal founders in Westminster #NEWS
We'll have the Euro by then ,Unless May's Treacherous plan is'nt stopped .. #Brexit #BrexitBetrayalMarch #mbga #QAnon #WWG1WGA
You don't even have a say in how #Brexit comes. What do you care about US?
Donald Trump tells May her Brexit deal is 'great for the EU' but warns US-UK trade at risk | Politics | News |
And your government made promises to the infected and affected people involved in the scandal of Contaminated Blood administered by UKGov/NHS.........
'Teach us a lesson' #NigelFarage reveals his BIGGEST fear over #TheresaMay's Brexit deal #UnitedKingdom
'Debate someone who believes in Brexit,' Boris challenges May
Tories defy binding democratic Parliamentary vote in desperate attempt to hide “damning” #Brexit legal advice via
The #conservatives are dinosaurs voting for extinction. #Brexit is just another failed attempt to keep the party together.
'People were sold a lie': Ruthin restless over May's Brexit deal
Maybot rejects what is saying! Sad,but the vicar’s daughter is delusional. Her vassal-Brino an attempt to keep the UK in the nasty-EU. Now to the 416 leave area MPs
Brexit weariness could win us this thing. I mean everyone is sick of it and going ahead with it means 10x more for years and years
Have we forgotten how DODGY, this lot are? The EU Commission's lavish travel spending shows it's learned nothing from the Brexit vote via
Or PM and
The politicians may have no choice but to pass the buck back to the public Brexit has obstacles that were barely thought about before &amp; during the campaign Some of these obstacles are almost impossible to overcome without destroying in the union All good fun
This fantastic response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
Do I read this right? We are waiting on the European Court to rule whether our Parliament has the right to cancel Brexit. And there in a nutshell is why so many voted to Leave.
"We need to compromise" but you voted against the EEA amendment to the Withdrawal Bill. Why, when a SM/CU brexit is probably the best chance for bridging the remain/leave divide? #BeerandBrexit
Get your Brexit name by taking your real first name followed by your real surname and then endless screaming.
‘Brexit opens UK to WHOLE WORLD!’ Iron Maiden frontman issues Brexit RALLYING CRY
And who are you to say the majority no longer support brexit??? Most still want a hard brexit not this shower
Opinion | Our Chelsea Brexit Club has placed a bulk order for Evian and Brie. It's imperative that you to prepare for the absolute worst case scenario | Polly Toynbee
Scotland has made its position on Brexit clear, &amp; they have every right to do so, &amp; I applaud them for it, but Scotland is a regional government, &amp; the national government does not require their permission to conduct international negotiations.
Mike Harding gives it both barrels
'Brits aren’t STUPID!' Brexiteer brilliantly DISMANTLES no-deal Brexit scare stories -
'Brits aren’t STUPID!' Brexiteer brilliantly DISMANTLES no-deal Brexit scare stories -
newsthump: NEWS! NASA receives signal from Mars saying Brexit deal is shit
And she's right, this is the DUPers trying to scare their voters. Again. And they'll fall for it. Again
Might as well punt on #Brexit talks too, have you ever heard Brits speak? It’s like listening to Brad Pitt in “Snatch.”
And she's right, this is the DUPers trying to scare their voters. Again. And they'll fall for it. Again
FOREX-Dollar hits 16-month high; Brexit fears knock sterling - Reuters: via #forex
No-deal Brexit: No more warehouses to stockpile food because Amazon may have booked them up, MPs told. Perhaps successive UK Government should have put more emphasis on farming, UK food production and food security.
it is so refereshing to see younger students taking a interest in brexit im seeing more and more student switching or agreeing with brexiteers- I just thought i would say that
A knifeman with this gets community service. A Muslim rapist is given rights to access to a child whose mother (a 15 yr old child) he raped. This is normal in the UK. It makes Brexit looks absolutely sane.
Britain must make sure can have free trade with US Canada and Japan
Corbyn hasn’t a clue on the Withdrawal Agreement. Labour couldn’t propose a Lego plan - he relies on government collapsing - not seen a feckin plan from Labour (OK Momentum) or have I missed it? Labour is the weakest opposition party of our times!
probably clearing their desks .either moving to france frankfurt or been tin tacked cos of brexit
'Brits aren’t STUPID!' Brexiteer brilliantly DISMANTLES no-deal Brexit scare stories
And nearly all of it is safe in the EU!! #BrexittoDublin!!
‘The problem with this deal is not the prime minister so much as Brexit itself... I am naturally sympathetic to those in my party who want to negotiate a better Brexit – a “Brexit that works for you” – but it will inevitably trip over the same obstacles.’
Brexit : Donald Trump savonne la planche de Theresa May
The Dinosaurs united party represent about 30 percent of the electorate so she can sit and whistle dixie
Do not accept Theresa May's false choice of "Deal or No Deal" Join us #Brexit
The Great Debate con?
All roads lead to another Brexit referendum, but this time make the options explicit, no fudge or frippery, and require a supermajority just for good measure, and while we are at it make the vote compulsory! Time to own the future. #PeoplesVote
BBC News - Brexit: Theresa May denies 'rolling over' on deal Rolled over, dry fucked by the EU more like!
Our team highlights some of the main elements of the Withdrawal agreement and briefly discusses what’s ahead as a disorderly #Brexit appears more likely.
BREAKING: Council invites paedophile rapist to meet son he conceived with a then 15 year old girl. #Conservatives #Labour #UKIP #LibDems #Greens #ForBritain #BritainFirst #Brexit #BBCNews #ITVNews #C4News #SkyNews #BBCQT #BBCTW #Newsnight via
I have to say I don’t admire her -her husband made a killing out of G4S when she was HomeSecretary &amp; now I understand has interests in medicinal cannabis which she has just legalised -Brexit won’t touch them either way.
Arrogant Ms Coburn asks, ‘ is it wise for Mr Corbyn to do this debate’. Hilarious. Mrs May ran scared of a GE debate in 2017. Labour’s plan is on their website, and has been broadcast on PMQs for the last year. Useless BBC Tory bias.
Revokation is omitted from the art 50 formulation. Only reference is to reapply once out. This case is crucial not only for Brexit but for art 50 itself. Absolutely wonderful what you have done so far.
the problem with Brexit is how it will affect quality and quantity of Chebs.
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
Write to your MP today to tell them you're #NotBuyingIt. No one wants this dodgy #Brexit deal. Demand a #PeoplesVote:
Labour to block People's Vote taking part in Brexit TV debate This is despicable. Corbyn is a knob .
all to play for - IF YOU WANT A #PeoplesVote NOW IS THE TIME TO SPEAK UP. contact your MP and party leader - be a European and make a fuss!
Sadly, most of us find it easier to cast blame than to accept responsibility. It was easy for UKIP to blame EU, migrants etc. for all our ills than to own up to the fact that most of our problems are of our own making.
Attempt to woo Labour MPs backfires as they say Downing Street 'treated us like idiots' during Brexit briefing via
Sickening what is happening!
this hasn't aged well, has it? I saw you pontificating at a 41 club event last week. Nasty misogynistic comments about Diane Abbott and an ability to use first name. If you think that Brexit is good for business, then you're an idiot!
Does anyone actually immagine that #Trump has read any of the #Brexit agreement papers? No. Of course not.
Reality Check: Is Trump right about the Brexit deal?
Theresa May heads to Scotland as Brexit deal founders in Westminster
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
So cutting but also true from ...
Just get Damian Collins to rock up with the Serjeant at Armd and nick the documents
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
Vote will be against the deal. May will resign. Will revert to square one, as in no Brexit, or Article 50 will be revoked or extended.
Did u honestly expect anything else John Theresa May knows Nicola Sturgeon would wipe the floor with her If she does a debate with JC is only b/c she reckons she can beat him by lying &amp; him not pulling her up on it She knows Nicola would tell all the true facts of her Brexit deal
"When future generations judge those who came before them on environmental issues, they may conclude "they didn't know": let us not go down in history as the generations who knew, but didn't care" ~ Mikhail Gorbachev
Theresa May has been asked to produce an example of the ballot paper from the 2016 referendum. Something seems wrong to me... #Brexit #SortOf
Secret weapon?! Gove has long since burned through any credibility he may have had as a Leaver. Backbenchers will use the common sense regardless of what “Gutless Gove” says, and will #VoteDownTheDeal #DitchTheDeal #standup4brexit
And how come does Stephen Fry's idiot Tory look &amp; sound so like Jacob posh prick Mogg?
More fake news from mainstream journalists trying to influence Brexit via
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back! Sign this petition to help stop #Brexit. #yes2eu #yestoeu #betteroffin #votein #ukineu #bremain #strongerin #leadnotleave #voteremain
Where is the evidence ref the harder the Brexit the worse for the economy ?
Theresa May's Brexit deal will damage UK public finances
BBC News - Food warehouses 'almost full' ahead of Brexit
I’ve thought hard before tweeting this. If you don’t attack #Brexit you’re NOT attacking austerity. Brexit is the logical result of austerity policies. If we ignore it, as Corbyn has ignored it every day, Brexit will enable more austerity than you or I ever thought possible.
Yes, Donald Trump is talking perfect sense on May’s Brexit deal | Peter Mandelson
Couple of Leavers about to debate Leave. Again. Get ready for a #GE . Again. Both (apparently) favour Leaving the EU. Well if that happens Corbyn will go and a woman will replace him for the GE.
I blame Brexit
I honestly think this govt may very well be the most ideotic bunch of incompetents every to hold office... This legal advice must contain something very very damaging, almost certainly commentary that is at odds to Govt line about the deal taking back control, would be my guess
Yes, there's logic there. "Norway Plus" (not to be confused with "Norway") strikes me as a last gasp to save Brexit.
Best reaction to Brexit yet.
Difficult to see how compromises on what is already an abject failure and total surrender will improve things. We need to get rid of May and her humiliating treasonous deal.
The Government Is Wargaming What Happens If It Wins The Meaningful Vote On #Brexit
The warning for Theresa May is clear: staying close to the EU will make it harder to sign other deals
I want 3 thinga: 1: Brexit dead 2: Tories &amp; Labour destroyed 3: Complete root &amp; branch reform of our political institutions &amp; systems.
Terrible this Brexit. For all of us. Bad signal for Europe.
WHO'S LAUGHING NOW? #Brexit #unicórnios #análise
Write to your MP today to tell them you're #NotBuyingIt. No one wants this dodgy #Brexit deal. Demand a #PeoplesVote:
Oh God no. Help us!
your Tweet was quoted in an article by
More of our fish? Dont you mean ALL of our Fish? Because if we cant fish ALL of our Fish we are still in a renamed CFP just as May has renamed BREXIT as BRINO.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Disruptive Brexit could hit minimum wage rises
Here’s another of your cult members. Putting forward constructive criticism of Brexit. Engaging with leavers and criticising the tories.
Brexit McBrexitface, got as much say in that do eh
Honestly thought this was an advert for a hilarious new sitcom. It's not. It's an actual documentary. Watch it. And remember... It's real. #Brexit #BorisJohnson
'No space for a proponent of a second referendum'! Two archaic political machines carving up the agenda to ensure the status quo. Some of our more aspirational political leaders are in the LibDems, Green Party and SNP. Voice of 17m catered for, rest not.
BREXIT TOXIC....lol
Corbyn’s EU SNUB: Labour leader rejects Brussels pleas and pledges to BLOCK Brexit
Oh god no!... the last thing we need is to hear more politicians lying about Brexit ... how about hearing from some experts? Time for the political class to shut up and show some humility after their catastrophic failure over the past couple of years!!!!
who cares ? meaningless drivel focus on the here and now if May has her way, how one votes WILL NOT MATTER
Blow for Theresa May as Donald Trump says her Brexit deal could hinder UK trade with America
User: u/Leprecon
Omg gareth is brilliant. Listen to us talk about post capitalist "friends", Brexit cupboards and other nonsense .
Earth calling Lammy
Give us responsible for May getting the top job and screwing us all over. If Boris had been PM we would have had a proper Brexit deal by now.
Brexit: Are Tory whips threatening their own MPs after bid to win Labour support failed? via
Indeed, but neither is Corbyn.. when he will rant on about being allowed to negotiate a Brexit deal with the same benefits as EU membership. Yawn....
Even the Brexit MPs want to shut down the sharing of information on the internet. #1984
U.K. can unilaterally scrap Brexit, Scottish politicians argue at EU's top court via
Wisteria training goals right there.
look no further than fingal council stopping my 75 year old mother coming home to retire and escape the racism of brexit.
We are making videos to discuss how #brexit affects different countries. Which country should we cover next? #brexitchina #brexitrussia #brexitcanada #brexitaustralia #brexitusa
Well said Sarah- he has an embarrasssed smirk on his face as he tortures the English language to tell his lie that’s not quite a lie but we all know it isn’t the truth.. no respect for voters is what that is, right there on his stupid face. #PeoplesVote
stop talking your bollocks &amp; your Brexit bollocks #StopBrexit stop Trump's bollocks too! You lied to the people &amp; now you are doing the same again on this show. We want a #PeoplesVoteNow &amp; a end to this bollocks!
Fellow citizens. The government is again spending your money to withhold key documents from your MP. Above all else, Brexit has SLASHED parliamentary sovereignty. This is tyranny.
Westminster seats decision for #Brexit vote up to Sinn Féin, says May
Westminster seats decision for #Brexit vote up to Sinn Féin, says May
IATA: Brexit declaration doesn't cut it
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Not fan of but he makes so much sense and has contributed meaningfully to the #Brexit debate in recent times. Why is he not listened to? #StopBrexitNow
The far right threatens violence if Parliament asserts its authority. Brexit was never about Parliamentary Sovereignty. It was about giving power to violent thugs.
Jeremy Corbyn on Brexit deal: "Failed and miserable" negotiations - BBC News
Really ?
*If* this turns out to be true, it will be exactly what I would expect from a coward like . It would be an utter betrayal of everything Labour used to stand for. What a time in history for the #Opposition led by a self-serving, dithering, neutered pussy cat! #Brexit
Wasting more money.
Broke Brexit
INFH UXEYX 271118211525
i am fed up about hearing about brexit just do it already
Brexit means transfiguration
#ReadThis - scathing response to Teresa May
My god would roast them. Fair representation for the United kingdom..... I'll get the popcorn in
took 86. pencilling in the big brexit day for the 11th
Westminster seats decision for Brexit vote up to Sinn Féin, says May
Labour to block People's Vote taking part in Brexit TV debate Starting to look like Corbyns just another twat.
Heya, hope I am able to shed some light amongst all Brexit darkness, riddles and incompetence
When I see him I do not trust him. Sleekit. Pusillanimous. Snake like. A bit like Corbyn who is the Airbnb Michael Foot era look alike. Toads all
'Brits aren’t STUPID!' Brexiteer brilliantly DISMANTLES no-deal Brexit scare stories
The latest Politicos, political, politique,! Thanks to #brexit #mselex
I'll fill in the part that's missing. Only if the EU allow us to. No need to thank me.
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
Brexit: Theresa May denies 'rolling over' on deal - BBC News
How the Fuck does earn £76k a year and is allowed to claim all these bullshit expenses. Buy your own fucking pens &amp; paper and donate £100 to 5 nurses instead of stealing from the public &amp; crippling the forget brexit. Lock this muppet up
It's quite galling that you have audacity to mention uncertainty since this whole Brexit mess, the most serious crisis since the end of WW2, was started by your Tory party.
Goodness I will definitely “NOT” be turning on the tv that night!
The TV debate Tez vs Jez #TEZJEZ aka Corbyn vs Theresa May will only show how much there is in common on Brexit between them. #stopbrexit
One month. That's it, one month, that's all I reckon the SNP have to progress indy before the window has gone. I'm failing to see the benefit of continuing to play the westminster brexit game.
I liked a video Could There be CIVIL UNREST Over a Brexit BETRAYAL? - LBC
Gove is responsible for May getting the top job and screwing us all over. If Boris had been PM we would have had a proper Brexit deal by now.
May thinks in the next 2 weeks she can 'Sell' her Brexit means noBrext deal. How arrogant! EVERYONE who lives in vote leave area, with an MP throwing 2 fingers at them. NOW is the time to group and start the process of pushing them to resign. Don't wait for them to Vote - PUSH
Govt are now playing fantasy war games instead of facing the reality that May’s Brexit deal has no chance of getting a majority. She should accept what her own ministers admit, that her deal is dead.
All this Brexit stuff has got so bad that traffic cones are contemplating topping themselves.
Just seen the #labour party political broadcast on tv....a clear anti #fracking statement. There it is folks forget #brexit and concentrate on an even bigger issue. Lets have an election and stop fracking
So do you have a workable plan to reverse austerity &amp; unite the country? Because I’m only hearing problems from you, no solutions.
put together really valuable information about Brexit providing advice on what steps to take to prepare. This is important, and should not be treated lightly by New Zealand businesses.
#AskSturgeon how Brexit will impact Scotland against, say, Scotland leaving the UK. THEN judge her *cough* analysis.
Sir John: knighted Tory MP still won't back May's deal Kind of describes the state of things. It’s like some medieval court. Buying dodgy alliances for £1B and knighthoods for votes, and then get betrayed whist others plot to take crown. #offwiththeirhead
Almost a metaphor for her Brexit policy.
newsthump: NEWS! NASA receives signal from Mars saying Brexit deal is shit
Err, I think you'll find the far right is here and strong as ever cause of Brexit you ignorant cow &amp; everyone is paying the price you hate peddler. Deselected &amp; throw this red Tory out of the labour party. BTW If you worked as hard on behalf of your constituents as you tweet...
...what with the buffoon who had two articles prepared....one pro, one anti Brexit....the spineless opportunist...
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
For the benefit of the hard of thinking and as part of ‘post Brexit keep the Union’ campaign this programme otherwise known as ‘Scots are a bunch of savages and can’t be trusted with all that oil’ is blatant propaganda
What's the point? Unfortunately it won't achieve anything, and I reckon it's going to get violent. The government will be chuckling to themselves out of the windows of Westminster. #Brexit #Betrayal
Why are people commenting on the brexit deal when they haven’t READ IT
Theresa May’s attitude to Scotland is the same as her attitude to every party and every individual who has beseeched her recently to reconsider She is not interested She is certain she’s right She believes she is above all others in wisdom/knowledge #Brexit
Titanic 2: Brexit Dawning
Hmmm…I think instead we'll just dump the EU puppet .
The latest Conspiracy News of the World! Thanks to #trump #brexit
The seismic shock of Brexit will change the UK’s politics for ever | Rafael Behr
Theresa May's deal is not in the UK's national interest it's a fake Brexit.
Verratti won't be able to play a 2-yard pass after he gets a propa brexit tackle from James Milner in the 1st minute PSG aint ready
I see no reason why when OFOC is seemingly so well funded.
Does anyone else find it strange that migrants / refugees are attempting to cross the channel in tiny boats just before the Commons Brexit vote. Almost as if a third party was involved in creating more chaos.
The Great Panjandrum Scares a Dog via
Brexit.
Senior UK academics call for people’s vote to save universities | Education | The Guardian Hope many more University leaders will back this call
Theresa May heads to Scotland as Brexit deal founders in Westminster | guardian
The EEA is not the EU. They definitely voted not to have a say. EEA membership is therefore entirely consistent with the referendum unless of course you are Nadine Dories who appears to think that a bad brexit means losing a commissioner and your MEPs.
Also has parallels with The Generation Game where nobhead dad bigs himself up as a renaissance man at the start, tries his hand at pottery, the wheel spins madly out of control and he spunks clay all over his face to an increasingly hysterical audience. #Brexit
Her look says it all.
New post (Theresa May heads to Scotland as Brexit deal founders in Westminster) has been published on Parsian English News -
It is not just the #UAE calling them liars and there appears little chance of any of these puppets growing a spine. #JameBond #MathewHedges #BBC #Brexit #Novichok #WhiteHelmets #Russia #ISIS #UKIP #Murdoch #Rothschild #TommyRobinson #MasterChefProfessionals #TheresaMay #Russia
It's her good-bye tour...
New post (Yes, Donald Trump is talking perfect sense on May’s Brexit deal | Peter Mandelson) has been published on Parsian English News -
She doesn’t like the truth does she. Really beginning to worry about her motive as she seeks to destroy Brexit &amp; hand over power to the corrupt eu. Parliament will become a museum soon
We’re heading for a second referendum – and maybe a third | Vernon Bogdanor
We need her sacked before the vote.
The problem with a Norway deal is that Labour would be whipped against it, as it wouldn't be a hard enough Brexit for their leader. Sad but true.
May is turning into Heath #youtube by Steven Woolfe MEP #Brexit
TV debate looks like Labour leadership and Conservative leadership supporting each other in mutual delusional madness in a political Folie à deux.
Theresa May's office hits back after Donald Trump suggests Britain might not be able to trade with the U.S. after Brexit
New post (No-deal Brexit could hit F1 races around Europe, says McLaren chief) has been published on Parsian English News -
#voteitdown Theresa May’s disastrous Brexit deal offers no guarantees for workers’ rights or consumer protections &amp; threatens an economically devastating hard sea border; all to leave open door for trade deals with the US which will threaten our NHS.
True. He deserves to take his share of the blame for the Brexit Shambles . He had no real plan at all except get into Number 10.
BBC Scotland’s political editor under fire after news report pokes fun at FM’s Brexit press conference
'Sounds like a great deal for the EU' – Trump slams May's Brexit plan via
UKs food warehouses already full as companies stockpile ahead of Brexit
#Brexit : #wine to be “overstocked” in the #UK because of uncertainty over #customs I contributed to this story
UK preparing for dire straits • Food warehouses 'almost full' ahead of #Brexit
They should have walked away... They will come out of this looking very bad. Complicent in the Brexit betrayal.
yungest comes home and says he got a 9 in re. not fuckin havin my son learn muzlim. go to school and headmaster says piss off. swift brexit backhander knocks him spark out. got son kicked out. brexit means fucking brexit none of that herlal muck
But what about dishonesty? Dishonesty won as well. And because Dishonesty won, respect the will of the people and let politicians keep lying. Just let May get away with this, it is consistent with the Brexit you voted for. No prospect of customs duties = backstop.
New post (Immigration plans might not be published before Brexit vote, says Javid) has been published on Parsian English News -
So effing what!! I voted for Brexit and look what TM gave me?....
Well, that’s totally unacceptable wether your for Brexit or not.
Haven’t we already wasted enough money on Brexit? Not just money but resources? All that ink, paper, electricity? We’re doomed!
Good blog. We also need to remember that people will vote not just on Brexit bit in issues like housing, NHS, education, public services, transport, taxes, economy, and so on. I think Labour will do well on these issues.
BREXIT WHAT BREXIT. What is happening in Brexit Britain? Will there be a MAY-DEAL Brexit or a NO-DEAL Brexit, or a CANCELLED Brexit? Read our views on different types of scenarios with Brexit on Myfun-page.
When will our society waken up to this shit. The tone of the country from the top down is rotten. Immigrants have become an easy target since Brexit referendum. I’ll never understand how people are so easily led to hate. Hope Jamel and his family get the peace they deserve.
Attempt to woo Labour MPs backfires as they say Downing Street 'treated us like idiots' during Brexit briefing via
Dear Prime Minister. Having seen the previous PM try and fail to negotiate with the EU, I was confident the only solution was to leave completely. Not with negotiations. Not with a deal. And certainly not by surrendering to their pig ignorant demands. SORT IT OUT. #Brexit
Since brexit
Pool of support for May's Brexit deal even shallower than first thought
DONT FEED THE ILLITERATE TROLL.....OBVIOUSLY JUST WOKEN UP ...OR BELIEVES . LAST 2 YEARS OF SCOTTISH PROPOSALS FOR BREXIT ALTERNATIVES AND 65% REMAIN PASSED STONE HEAD BY
You're so angry about Brexit and want it reversed so much you have become delusional in what you believe. You're going to be very disappointed. The political reality in the commons is a million miles from you.
Opposition? This? Oh god, when I think greens reached the bottom there is a knock-knock from down below. (Free movement and building on the green belt can not be "green").
And all we have to do is revoke Art50...?/ Sounds great? - Where do we sign?
To quote someone "Now is not the time" when Brexit happens which Jeremy is determined to deliver that will be the time
Indeed billions in Military contracts will go elsewhere.
brexit is really good for exposing the hypocrisy and bull-headed stupidity the british state is built upon. no wonder the serious brits are worried.
New post ('I feel sorry for her': Newry reacts as May begins Brexit PR drive) has been published on Parsian English News -
May's leaflet to every home: - An economy 3.9% smaller, the annual output of Wales - £1,000 less disposable income for every adult - £18Bn-£23Bn less public spending, £846 per household - Fewer jobs, less investment Tell the truth , the lies must stop #PeoplesVote
#Brexit Tried 8 times to apply for Settled Status on EU exit App (Home Office) - but system kept crashing. Working in Higher Education, I was invited to participate in this pilot project. After wasting 1 hour, I've decided to give up &amp; not to apply
I thought we were the ‘united kingdom’ - seems that only applies when it suits :(
'To provide intellectual heft'(!!). Nearly wet myself when I read this. Michael Gove Unleashed As May’s ‘Secret Weapon’ In Bid To Sell Brexit Deal To Tory MPs
The Green parties everywhere do nothing more than guilt people. A waste of oxygen the lot of you!
Femi YOU ARE GREAT!
The latest The Rural Gardener Daily! Thanks to #lancashireday #brexit
Remain should have campaigned harder on London’s status as the financial centre for a currency we wouldn’t accept ourselves. That’s alpha state craft right there.
This response to Theresa May’s letter has gone viral
“May you live in interesting times,” goes the Chinese curse. Could things be more interesting?? Trump Russia Brexit Kashoggi Assange/Manafort Weinstein/MeToo Austerity and thats before we get to climate change and the end of the world as we know it.
utter bullshit
Omg gareth is brilliant. Listen to us ( and I) talk about post capitalist "friends", Brexit cupboards and other nonsense .
Yep , that’s it in a nutshell. BREXIT
Being new to Twitter I apologise for my errors - I am a british passport holder living in Europe for over 30 years and disgusted with the behaviour of the uk population and government- especially as I was not even allowed a vote re Brexit- please do not give in !!
The #Tory's really are a bunch of two faced, underhanded, lying shit heads.
So that's what it's all about thinks he's an actor in a movie called #brexit Nooooo Boris it's real, so start doing something sensible...
Funny if we Win a Rugby match 29 / 28 it's a Victory same in football if the score is 3 / 2 it's a great win . So let's get on with proper Brexit LeaveEu WON just Leave go WTO .
All has done is negotiate us into a worse negotiating position. We should have been preparing to leave. #Brexit is being betrayed Join us in London at 11:45 on the 9th Dec (meetup loc TBC) This cannot be allowed. #BrexitBetrayal #BrexitBetrayalMarch #MayMustGo
I'm surprised she has time to indulge.
Brexit: Theresa May denies 'rolling over' on deal - BBC News She was steamrollered buy the EU
Listen to Vic talk about post apocalyptic friends characters' chances of survival
My family first came to UK about 300 years ago when they accidentally crashed their spacesaucer into the Thames. Since then we`ve been mating with earthlings within the M25 Orbital. Mom syas Mogg must be a distant cousin cos his name means turnip in our home language. #Brexit
Any thgoughts on this latest Brexit news? Debate RT #NationalLIberalParty #NLP #NatLIbs #NationalLIberalism #BrexitDeal #BrexitAgreement #Brexit #TheresaMay
And she expects to get elected 3 % in the polls for her giving away Gibraltar a strategic assett our gateway to the Med.
Imagine basing brexit policy on the UK car industry. It's already finished. Germany nearly in recession because of it too. Problem is they made the existing cars far too good so the only reason to upgrade is if you want to impress your neighbours.
reveals post #Brexit survival strategy...
Theresa May is going head-to-head with Parliament. It's a fight she cannot win because every malcontent Tory can oppose her while claiming the moral high ground of parliamentary sovereignty.
#Corbyn is the same as most politicians? He has no more a desire for "democracy" than anyone else. Already ignoring c80% of his members, despite saying he delivers what his members ask for. Starting to believe that Corbyn is the biggest risk to Mays #Brexit deal getting through.
I liked a video Brexit Betrayal Demonstration - 9th December - BE THERE!
No one has any evidence of what will happen to UK economy post Brexit. How can they when we don't know what "deal" we'll have with the EU &amp; trade agreements with other countries?It's impossible. EU growth however,is at it's lowest for 4 years.I'd worry about them if I were you.
So excited for Christmas, can't believe it's only 4 more Brexit Secretaries to go
BBC News - Sturgeon: Brexit deal 'will make Scotland poorer'
not in my name your a disgrace to the nation we want a #PeoplesVote &amp; a end to this Brexit mess
Who cares what this orange wotsit thinks anyway. Look at the mess he's made of the US already.
It's not a problem, Article 50 can be revoked.
Everything is a metaphor for Brexit these days.
Are u seriously suggesting that bullying wasn’t present in schools before brexit referendum or Katie Hopkins/trump got there hands on a smartphone?
Nigel The-Brexit-Clawn #Farage promotes Brexit while he has EU german passports for own children.But your and all common Brits children are to be EXCLUDED from #EU &amp; EU #BENEFITS like schools, travelling or work, ALL but not Farage’s. Who is framed looser at the end of the day?
'No deal' Brexit could hit F1 races around Europe, says McLaren chief
Welcome to hateful Brexit Britain.
TIL why #brexit is inevitable
Finally.
Are you confused, the debate is about brexit
LIVE: Theresa May hits back at Donald Trump as she tours regions to sell Brexit deal -
In a heart beat. Add the cancel BREXIT too - am happy!
Because has any credibility? I think not absolutely desperate and laughable yet again your judgement is found wanting. An even bigger defeat on the WA now guaranteed.
Some people might not think this is a lot, or an amount worth sacrificing. It would mean the difference between me paying the bills and not. At the upper end of estimate I can't afford to feed my child
Westminster seats decision for Brexit vote up to Sinn Fein, says PM
Brexit-backing BBC host Andrew Neil just got absolutely destroyed on his own channel via
Attempt to woo Labour MPs backfires as they say Downing Street 'treated us like idiots' during Brexit briefing via
It wouldn't matter how f sh offered to pay us to listen. It's NOT BREXIT, it's not happening.
#May "Its in the #NationalInterest!" .....psst! we have used that already..... "Delivering #Brexit for the pe.." .....nope, that too.... "Its all #Jeremys fault!" .....use that AFTER we lose the vote.... "Protects the "vital interests" of the whole of the #UK?" ...sigh ok...
Subscribe Here to get a few chapters for FREE from the book Please #RT #gold #silver #stocks #trading #trades #markets #Investing #today #rich #education #hope #dreams #Giveaway #free #positivity #focus #goals #life #money #success #fun #levelup #brexit
Fresh row looms as No 10 refuses to publish full Brexit legal advice
Ignore the lede, but read regardless.
MPs should pause #Brexit, leave May's deal on the table with the EU and then decide how to proceed after an investigation into foreign interference during the referendum. Anything else is grossly irresponsible when there's this much evidence of corruption of our democracy!
What else does May Dumb Ass brother Trump has to say if not sees a perfect way of Executing Khashoggi,Implant Racism in America and number of high death rate....As we are talking there is an Active shooter now in Maryland near Walter Reed Military Medical Hospital
Without Nicola I will not be watching it
Get on with it? No, May’s #Brexit plan was a disaster from day one | Polly Toynbee I fully agree with this piece by . and especially her words for Tory Remainers such as . and . every vote is needed to stop this deal
Theresa May heads to Scotland as Brexit deal founders in Westminster
“There is no #Brexit dividend for the car industry. We need frictionless trade. Nothing less will do” - SMMT chief Mike Hawes kicks off the annual dinner with a clear message - more on
Nicola, no one cares what you think, you are irrelevant.
Brexit DEBATE: Brexiteer reveals Theresa May will have THIS ‘big’ advantage over Corbyn
Judging by this month's bill I reckon are a bit ahead of themselves on Brexit
Nigel Farage, the mind behind Brexit, is now an FBI “person of interest” in Trump-Russia via
Nicola Sturgeon wont get a platform to debate because: 1. Corbyn and May are both Brexit supporters. 2. Nicola would destroy both of them at a debate. 3. Nicola would sway many to remain and that goes against what the establishment want to happen. 4. England speaks for everyone.
BBCNEWS 12:16pm BREXIT DEAL PUSH. May: This is a really important moment for the country' I BREXIT DEAL PUSH. Theresa May has visited...
Sorry, but being held to ransom over the #Backstop by #France and #Spain and any of the other #European countries does not fulfill #Brexit it leaves the #UK in no mans land and subservient to the #EU without any guarantees. No person in their right mind would agree to this.
Wow. Yet again the Government of has deceived , lied to the people and is trying to ram the #Brexit fraud down our throats. How many times do we have to watch our MPs fail to protect democracy &amp; appease fascism before WE take back control ?
Brexit means Brexit
Well deserved too! Keep up the good work ! Carole Cadwalladr wins Foreign Press award for Trump and Brexit work
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Too late for that. We can't determine the future relationship unilaterally, nor really at all inside 2 years of negotiations. And EU will also not always reciprocate on extensions to the transition period, nor would these necessarily be seen as fair play by Brexit voters.
'It's historical STUPIDITY' Fury in Spain after Sanchez agrees Gibraltar Brexit deal
I didn't think I'd ever say this: Boris is right! There should also be a hard-Brexiter and a proper Remoaner!
What a joke. After the way he backstabbed Johnson after brexit campaign. After the way he campaigned for brexit but is now supporting mays deal. This snake in the grass has zero credibility.
please #RT asap #economics #SPX #trading #options #brexit #Italexit #GRExit #stocks #markets #Motivation #today #SundayThoughts
The #backstop is certainly not "dreaded" by anyone in Ireland, and is supported by the vast majority in #NI , including 93% business and farming. A bit of respect as you #Brexit , please!
Don’t let fool you. The political declaration is just words, more empty promises. It is not legally binding! #BrexitAgreement #Brexit
The UK govt say people should not stockpile medicines ahead of Brexit. We all know what that means don't we? aaaaaarrrrrrrgggggghhhhh!!!!! #dontpanic #dadsarmybrexit #Brexit #BrexitShambles #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote #stoptheinsanity
A coward and a traitor. The knighthood is in the post. #Brexit
This fantastic response to #TheresaMay’s #Brexit letter is going viral
And no legal guarantees of rights for #The5Million
She is most welcome. We shall be rolling out the yellow carpet for her. YES we will. And send her home, to think again. Wtat
Once more this slippery Government tries avoid providing all the facts and to circumvent democratic processes. They’re a disgrace. Trying to get their own way by keeping people in the dark.
Now they know how LEAVE voters feel....
This is a non-deal. 2 options left ...No deal or no Brexit... it appears it has been a complete stitch up from the beginning... if I was a betting man there will be no Brexit and the EU will have subjugated us as planned but under worse terms... or we could grow a pair of balls
More fake news from mainstream journalists trying to influence Brexit via
Good to meet Wrexham MP in the Strangers Bar at the Houses of Parliament tonight to show our appreciation that he plans to vote against Theresa May’s Brexit deal on the 11th December. #PeoplesVote
And rightly so. The UK voted to leave the EU, staying in is not an option. I'll have a WTO rules Brexit thank you.
Could you face 10 more years of brexit
We had a "peoples vote" on June 23, 2016 and the result 17,410,742 PEOPLE voted #Brexit.
Customer at work: What’s the pantomime this year? Me: Brexit.
They think this is the deal! When will these brexidiots understand it's only the Withdrawal Agreement. Negotiations about the deal start once we've left. There is years more of this shit left to come, years and years.
And suddenly the centrists realise that liberal democracy is a sham
BREXIT BOMBSHELL: EU27 draw up tough new demands to lock UK into joint fisheries deal
Carole Cadwalladr wins Foreign Press award for Trump and Brexit work
What a star.
Momentum lot and Corbynistas castigates me for criticising him for this even though they also admitted to being Leavers eventually. I for one felt let down by him over Brexit. Regret supporting him in the summer of 2015. I was being idealistic after the disappointment of GE loss
"It's a deal that can be the right deal on dealing with the deal we're dealing on" says (Is that what he said?) #Brexit #channel4news
remember this!
BREAKING -'GET OVER IT!' Furious Britons are 'fed up' of Brexit and want...
'Teach us a lesson' Nigel Farage reveals his BIGGEST fear over Theresa May's Brexit deal -
It’s always good to be prepared. Cold winters, floods etc. They happen. As do strikes around French ports. All good reason to prepare. None anything to do with Brexit. Apart from our French friends not always being very good neighbours..
. runs through seemingly dozens of the stories about foul play around Brexit. Some have open investigations attached to them, most don't. None of the investigations will report back before the Uk leaves the EU. #DialMForMueller
Has Trump’s torpedo sunk British trade hopes after #Brexit? Read more by and explore the UK’s dealings with the US, the EU and the rest of the world here -
"Salvini LASHES OUT at #EU for #Brexit - ‘Someone in Brussels has DONE SOMETHING WRONG’"
EUref was advisory, i.e. non-binding. Gov said that, &amp; Parl never voted to make it binding. So, any MP who now thinks Brexit -short or long term- is a bad idea has a perfect right to vote against it. MPs are not bound by a non-binding referendum.
#brilliant Please share
New standards, #Brexit and evolving responsibilities - what CFOs and COOs need to know ahead of SuperReturn CFO/COO #SRCFO
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Brilliant, indeed.
Thought it was an unexpected effect of Brexit for a minute......
will be outside Parliament all day on the 11th of December at the Brexit vote, join us if you can! Event details here:
Due respect, that being the case why on earth do we want to be tied to the EU? You are still supporting the PM &amp; the #WithdrawalAgreement Surely we need to be trading with the rest of the world? #Brexit #Standup4brexit #DitchTheDeal
NO DEAL BREXIT BOMBSHELL: Half of Britons would rather May CAVED IN to EU - shock poll
Clear view from afar: NASA receives signal from Mars saying Brexit deal is shit - via
#Brexit deal is doomed - Sir Michael Fallon
#BREXITPLANB NOT SURE ABOUT BREXIT BUT I CAN GUESS WHAT MAY'S PLAN B IS
Could you explain this to us all please Alastair ? Thanks in advance for anyone else on this thread helping out too
Where is she looking? Every credible source says that this is it. Allowing the UK to cherrypick does a massive disservice to the EU. The DUP approach to negotiations here simply doesn’t fly fly on the international stage.
The only deal that now deli ers 9n the result of the people's vote is the WTO #Brexit deal, and it is what we should have spent the last 2 years planning for, but instead we've had remoaners in charge and remoaners sabotaging negotiations at every stage.
No. She really hasn’t. No Brexit voter I know voted for this shambles. I’m astounded there are Tory politicians trying to pass it as acceptable just to keep their flagging political careers going. Tories certainly won’t get my vote again. And we won’t easily forget who betrays us
Quite pathetic. Once Brexit is done, what then for UKIP? Already seen as a 1-trick party. Although Brexit is a critical step for the country, the unchecked onslaught of Islam is on a path to destroy our culture. That noone dare speak of it &amp; those that do are demomnised says all.
Many in Britain think the country can do a better Brexit deal with Brussels. They dont know what Brussels is. Brussels is the politburo of the apparatchiks. Ppl who believe and follow rules to the letter not exactly open minded business men. Leave without a deal, rest will follow
You really are an ass
Why get involved in England’s Brexit debate. Nicola ... time to get Scotland out of this rotten ‘union’
Perhaps a black v white thing from Mr Farright
It's got me this far through Brexit on one side and EKRE on the other. Nature's Valium.
“Two fingers to you and your unity,” from this proud citizen of nowhere.
Hey so this is why they call you Brexit ears?! #Brexit #Ears #STFU
Because just like Twitter if all you are left with is Brexit viewers/followers the answer is going to be skewed
I'm surprised that you attack the entire #FBPE movement and yet you don't understand the Labour Brexit proposals including what has already been ruled out
a small price to pay for securing our autonomy, sovereignty, identity and avoiding an ever increasing federalist empire. You money people just don’t realise that some of us are motivated by greater altruistic things than money.
Hey Mike, LOVE the show. You mentioned that you spent the break listening to your favourite Brexit podcasts. Can you share your recommendations for someone who doesn't currently listen to any?
The people behind #Wooferendum Dog March claim 1/2 of vets starting work in the #UK each year come from the #EU making 1/4 of total number of vets in the country. A #NoDealBrexit could affect pet food manufacturers, many reliant on access to EU SM &amp; CU.
Not a Moggins fan but if this was a far right group there would be terrorists accusations etc with them gate crashing a so called Peoples Vote March. So in the interest of balance I hope these numpties get sorted out also! #ianbone
Poetic summary.
'Utterly sh*te'. What a perfect description
You seem to have forgotten that not only do the dislike Brexit, but the majority of those who voted in Scotland also dislike #Brexit is the ONLY one standing up for Scotland.
Frustrated YES Bored by HER repeatedly lying YES Bored by brexit NO
Trump is right about the brexit deal The possibility of not having independent trade is out of the question
Their dads voted for brexit, just saying
BBCNEWS 12:17pm BREXIT DEAL PUSH. May: It’s vight for people to hear Jeremy Corbyn's views' I BREXIT DEAL PUSH. PM: We should...
She is a double agent conniving with Brussels since the beginning of Brexit stretching it out so we get fed up now dropped bombshell deal Diebetes affects your brain and thinking she has become a dictator
Brexit deal: Tories days are NUMBERED – IDS accuses May of 'breaking agreed position'
Time you threw the towel in and realised this is not we wanted as a brexit plan. Rather no deal and WTO deals without the EU unelected gravy train which will finally go your up!!
will be outside Parliament all day on the 11th of December at the Brexit vote, join us if you can! Event details here:
Trump is playing a bit clever or attempting to be, saying UK can't sign a trade deal with the Brexit deal. He's hoping it will coerce May into signing whatever deal is offered in order to prove his comments wrong.
May’s Brexit Worse for Economy Than EU Membership, Research Says - Bloomberg
Are we really doing this?
This response to Theresa May’s letter has gone viral
May rebukes Trump as she bids to sell Brexit deal
Too late for that EU lawyers already told MPs cannot stop Brexit
can you please confirm that Government will not publish full text of AG legal advice on Brexit. If not, has to be challenged and publicised. More corruption.
will be outside Parliament all day on the 11th of December at the Brexit vote, join us if you can! Event details here:
If the brits were not rinsing Scotland they would not want to keep the union in tact. Pity the unionist ghouls can't see this, queen and country my arse, they couldn't give a fig about Scotland (broken indyref promises, no consultation re brexit) just 2 recent examples
With food and medicines shortages now a clear possibility #Lidington says no plan B. Is a government with no plan B fit to govern ? What a complete mess this is. #BrexitChaos BBC News - Brexit: Theresa May denies 'rolling over' on deal
'Brits aren’t STUPID!' Brexiteer brilliantly DISMANTLES no-deal Brexit scare stories
JC, as you think he is, is supporting Brexit which is essentially stripping the rights of continentals to live and work in the UK which will be reciprocated for Brits on the continent. It's anti prosperity, anti growth, only beneficial for the top 1%.
Couple stockpile four months of spare food in case of no deal Brexit
He's not better than this Caroline, that's the point. The man who voted against party line 100's of times now whips his members into line whenever it suits. This guy is no more a democrat than May. He has HIS agenda and that's it. Brexit has exposed the hypocrite for what he is!
(The Financial Times):May rejects #Trump criticism of #Brexit deal : UK working ‘very well’ with US on trade, says PM, under fire from DUP for ‘giving up’ ..
Mr Boles is one of our more creative MPs but is right ‘Norway Plus’ plan is another Brexit blind alley
Well done to all the colleagues behind this achievement! Because it's important to get the info directly from the source #EUresults #EUmatters
it’s been pretty funny watching all the shit proper geezers love being taken away by Brexit
Failing to plan is planning to fail. It’s almost as if they want it to bomb.
I never thought she was afraid of anything BUT SHE IS if she is proud of her deal then she should want the ENDORSEMENT of the devolved assemblies. territories and a PEOPLE'S VOTE
What a formidable secret weapon to have.
Yes, Donald Trump is talking perfect sense on May’s Brexit deal
EU tensions brew behind Brexit: Eight countries ganging up against Austria and Brussels
Let me say this to businesses that want to talk our country down. If we don’t get the Brexit it for which we voted, my family and I will ensure never by any product that can be identified with those businesses, so you’d better hope your Ezu friends will help you out!
I agree. It's dispicable to hear that kind of comment coming from the highest office in the land. It can't begin to describe how much I detest this vile #Brexit process. The conservatives are making UKIP seem like moderates in comparison. How did we get here? #PeoplesVote
but for the EU to agree they must insist on a 50%+1 of the electorate mandate plus a wider franchise, including 16/17 year olds and Brits in EU and UK cits in EU #brexshit #NotInMyName . . . #FBPE #Brexit #exitbrexit #FBR #stopbrexit #PeoplesVote
How many people can meet on her tour of the UK? 1000? 10,000? It will be a very small proportion of the electorate. The only way to get the true opinion of the people is to hold a #PeoplesVote. #Brexit #BrexitDeal
Oh great. Another bloody Brexit phone in. EVERY DAY? Seriously? You want people to switch off? Crying out loud.
I'm not scared.
As she proves time and time again that she is one of the UK's most able politicians and been steadfast in her view on Brexit I cant think of anyone better. Scotland is still part of the UK after all.
She's already having to borrow loads of money to deliver a rather fake Brexit Dividend. Are you going to tell me that Brexit should have the prospect of customs duties placed on the EU and the Republic of Ireland? Contrary to Brexit advertised during the referendum?
May has never behaved like an ally to Donald Trump. She needs to be sacked pronto.
Brexit deal 'will cost UK £100bn' a year by 2030
There are lies and lies . Then there is Theresa May's Brexit betraying , sovereignty denying , manifesto busting lies. If you're gonna lie do it big time - and she does .
We still need the opposition to be stronger and more forceful and better organized to make a stand against the impending disaster that is Brexit
Fine by me, I've no issue with Scots independence. The point is that if only one Remain MP is featured in the debate, and that's Sturgeon, if May agrees 5 mins into the debate that IndyRef2 is the best solution for Scotland, who's left opposing Brexit for the rest of us?
Theresa May has an impossible job selling her Brexit deal — and Trump isn't helping via
Brexit Britain is out of options. Our humiliation is painful to watch | Nick Cohen
DCM bankers at Morgan Stanley, this is your Brexit boarding call, non-stop to Frankfurt.
UKs food warehouses already full as companies stockpile ahead of Brexit
...but not as good as remain Over and over again, this is how all debates and discussions about the different #Brexit options end!
Welsh ports sign Brexit 'gagging orders' - BBC News
Forex- Dollar Inches Higher as Sterling Slumps on Brexit Angst
1 surprise #brexit deal fails to get through the UK parliament and goes for referenfum and people in UK decide to stay in EU versus #Brexit deal or #NoDealBrexit
. walking us through ‘#Brexit: the crime scene’ at ’s #DialMforMueller event. Series of damning revelations about #EUref (exposed through brilliant investigative journalism) that urgently need investigating.
Dealbreaker
SMMT Chief Executive Mike Hawes puts the case for a good Brexit future framework that will secure the future of the motor sector
I disagree -- "proper Brexit" is a post-referendum construct when Brexiters realised that their promised cake-and-unicorns Brexit does not exist; they failed to define "proper Brexit" ex-ante, so ex-post any Brexit is "proper"
This is what the PM is afraid of: a confident, informed, intelligent and articulate person defending remaining in the EU.
Brexiteer Dan Hannan mocked for his complete misunderstanding of how water purification works. Unbelievable, even by his standards. #brexit #brexitshambles #VoteDownTheDeal #GTTO #GeneralElectionNow
It's not a deal and there never will be one. Intended is the Backstop, with which Brexit will be stopped.
So, everybody else in the world is lying except May?
Have you been stoking up the usual leftie groups to oppose a Brexit demonstration?
Thank you for your honesty and integrity. Post Brexit a new breed of politician will hopefully, be very much in demand. There are a growing number of MPs showing the sort of integrity needed to shake things up in a positive way.
After 2 1/2 years of dithering and craven arse-licking (“negotiations”) that made Camerons’ pathetic attempts look positively heroic by comparison, Theresa May has presented us with a “deal” that is worse than remaining in the EU. How can this “respect” Brexit? Ditch it and her.
Brexit: Theresa May denies ‘rolling over’ on deal
#Glasgow Get ready the Tories are coming,show her a glesca welcome lol
May is a double agent conniving with Brussels since the beginning of Brexit stretching it out so we get fed up now dropped bombshell deal she has become a dictator Diebetes affects your brain and thinking
If that's his intent, I'm fully in support of his tactics. Theresa May is a charlatan, and an extremely ineffectual leader. Her potentially being replaced can only be a good thing.
Can't think of anything worse, this is going to be the same as PMQs just in a studio #Brexit goes beyond party politics. A proper debate would have all views. In addition to May and Corbyn we need someone from The People's Vote, ERG group,and from NI, to discuss this properly.
The only way to throw the actual architects of Brexit out is is a #GeneralElection anything else is a vanity project by New Labour, the moribund Lib Dems and MPs that are out of touch
Lincoln: the Brexit County. Official flower: the deadly nightshade.
Michael Gove is a weapon. Who knew?
Question for the debate: if we Brexit, should we reintroduce imperial measurements and pounds shillings and pence?
'Teach us a lesson' Nigel Farage reveals his biggest #Fear over Theresa May's #Brexit deal
Labour's Corbyn to Challenge May on 'Botched' Brexit Deal in Parliament: via
According to Mom, Great Great Great Uncle Zog was the first alien to mate with a member of the British aristocracy. You`d never know to look at them would you ? #Brexit
Just another reason the future excites me ... Not #brexit
It’s the accumulation of things in general and the crapness of TM in particular. Aside from the embarrassing spectacle of the May (or may not) Brexit we have the hollowing out of Police &amp; defence, the awful stain of Windrush, that idiotic election and the idiotic manifesto...
Most ridiculous is the whole idea of #Brexit full stop mate.
Only if we Remain or it is Brexit in Name Only ... or even worse Theresa May's deal
Given that the EU normally takes an age to agree on the smallest of matters yet all 27 countries approved Theresa May's Brexit deal in literally a matter of minutes, I think it's safe to assume that Donald Trump is absolutely correct in saying that "It's a great deal for the EU"
May's 'project fear' tactics working perfectly. #Brexit
The Corbyn - May debate on Brexit
I am a little far at the moment can I send you my rotten eggs to throw at her for me.. Please try and it her right in the face I would be much obliged
Question is this Labour or just Corbyn?
The guy is a wanker, he should be getting his fat arse kicked black and blue for the lies he told regarding brexit.
Just about I’m afraid. If the rumours are proven.
Tell May to shove her peerages where the sun don't shine.
You’ve got a point, but our whole government (including the state broadcaster) is toppling over to the right at the moment. Balanced coverage of Brexit would probably negate the need for the SODEM group’s amazing work. This just balances the scales a bit.
Fresh row looms as No 10 refuses to publish full Brexit legal advice
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate ...with of too?
Not the EU`s call #NoDeal #WTO European Court of Justice Considering Whether to Allow Britain to Cancel Brexit Process via
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Theresa May fails to soften DUP’s Brexit stance on North visit via
Business secretary Greg Clark tells SMMT the car industry has had "enormous influence" on Brexit deal. Says he was on the phone to Mike Hawes in car on the way to Chequers.
Fintan O’Toole: The bad ship Brexit needs a skilful mutiny via The Flying Dutchman that is #Brexit
Is Donald Trump right about the Brexit plan hurting a UK-US trade deal?
Oh dear, no more holding hands as after Trump's comment May is contradicting him and saying the Brexit deal will allow trade with the US. Both are prone to being economical with the truth but it doesn't matter who is right as Britain cannot force anyone to deal, permitted or not.
What a rancid administration this is, all paths lead to #TimeToGo
Err, I think you'll find the far right is here and strong as ever cause of Brexit you ignorant lazy cow! Everyone is now paying the price for the mess you lie peddler.If you worked as hard on behalf of your constituents as you tweet, there'd be no brexit. Deselect this red Tory.
An Israeli reporter was attacked in Berlin. That's not the Berlin with which I'm familiar
Fixed it. #brexit
Can't think of anything worse, this is going to be the same as PMQs just in a studio #Brexit goes beyond party politics. A proper debate would have all views. In addition to May and Corbyn we need someone from The People's Vote, ERG group,and from NI, to discuss this properly.
Theresa May heads to Scotland as Brexit deal founders in Westminster
No one on the planet thinks May's deal is better than actually remaining. Yet he's so worried about Brexit being cancelled out by another vote he's backing the deal?
Keep it in the family
Lmao took the wrong train again. Damn Brexit
No more warehouses to stockpile food for no-deal Brexit 'because Amazon may have booked them up'
That would make my last two years!!!#FinalSay #PeoplesVote #Brexit #StopBrexitSaveBritain
Great to meet you today for such a constructive and informative discussion.
I don’t want #brexit to happen because then #brexitcast would finish. Best podcast out there for brexit bants.
May’s Proposed Brexit Deal Explained
is determined to get this shonky deal through that gives us nothing. Do not #BackTheBrexitDeal its a con job #retweet to spread the word.
It's fear of a No Deal. Parliament's Brexiters need to organise a speedy publicity push for the benefits of a WTO Brexit. The benefits of a clean Brexit compared to this very bad deal.
You’re a unionist liar. You’re pro-Brexit. You voted AGAINST a Plaid motion for a People’s Vote. Your party is a London mouthpiece. Labour IN WALES. Never was or will be Welsh Labour. Not a single candidate has any sort of integrity. Pathetic.
What's your view on the death of 179 British service people and the deaths of hundreds of thousands of Iraqi civilians? as long as he's against brexit ey
'Brits aren’t STUPID!' Brexiteer brilliantly DISMANTLES no-deal Brexit scare stories
Just Lies and Deception,,,,, About time the media was stamped out for this shite,,
The latest The Sanday Island Daily! Thanks to #olhardigital #brexit
Yes! And what is the point of debating (agreeing) with another avowed 'Lever'? All that would be discussed would be HOW we get #Brexit foisted on us, now WHY or WHETHER we should get #Brexit foisted on us resulting from a flawed, illegally influenced and (foreign funded?) result.
UK carmakers warn no-deal Brexit would be ‘catastrophic’
Trump casts doubt on UK-US trade deal #brexit
That wouldn't be a fair contest, one against two. Corbyn and May would have to be allowed to bring some extra support.
The latest The Kintyre Daily! #brexit #isleofarran
"Michael Gove unleashed as May's secret weapon" Not so secret He is a weapon
You don't have to support Scottish independence to see that this is disgraceful. #Brexit #TheresaMay #ScottishConservatives
NASA receives signal from Mars saying Brexit deal is shit
Lies indeed
#FBPE And here in all its glory burning science and knowledge in a book burning intelligence maiming outpouring of belief is the tory practitioner of the #CultOfBrexit Notice the subservience the unwillingness to look at facts. #blissfullIgnorance
Proud of yourselves? #strongandstable -
Trump Says May’s Brexit Agreement Will Hurt Plans For UK-US Trade Deal
Brexit: Theresa May denies 'rolling over' on deal
But in case of #Brexit you’re on your own.
good eat the rich
- organise this t.v debate!!! viewing figures would hit the roof
The idea would do some sleazy deal with Maybot over #Brexit is revolting! The ONLY politician with honesty, integrity &amp; who is "100% incorruptible! He would NEVER demean himself or his values by baling out the toxic Tories whose "internecene war" has caused #Brexit
Doesn't stop it being deeply unpatriotic. It ignores everything we've achieved together as a European Union. Boast all you want. But it is economically reckless. And for what? Sovereignty we already had? Blue passports? Bluster won't make it work either. #brexit
WTF has Britain become? #GTTO #Brexit #Murdoch
BRITAIN'S ENEMY IS ITS OWN RULING CLASS, UN report. #skynews #skypapers #bbcdp #lbc #lbclive #talkradio #altnews #brexit #remain #london #cityoflondon #news #breakingnews #uknews #labour #tories #trump #toryparty #ukip #conservatives
Labour blocking the voice of the people Labour to block People's Vote taking part in Brexit TV debate
UK carmakers warn no-deal Brexit would be ‘catastrophic’
UK carmakers warn no-deal Brexit would be ‘catastrophic’
I love it! #Brexit
I can find issues with all politicians. And this is my only real issue with Corbyn - in terms of policy. But then I see where he's coming from too. Also, I'm clear with Labour policy and accepting of it. Soft bReXiT with Labour &gt; remaining with Tories.
Do any of the anti-Corbyn people in Labour care about the poor, disabled people, the global environmental crisis, or anything but themselves? Personally I see it as mostly no. #MondayMotivation #brexit
Even if Brexit was a good idea, this Deal is not.
Can't pull the trigger till we know if brexit happens
Theresa May sense of duty or hidden agenda? #brexit
BBC Scotland’s political editor under fire after news report pokes fun at FM’s Brexit press conference
#brexit metaphor?
Who is more fraudulent? “May has made unpopular choices that Corbyn pretends do not need making. His policy is to engineer an election, win it, then cook up a Brexit that keeps single market benefits without EU obligations. An unavailable combination.”
Enjoyed speaking at a Brexit Forum in New York today organised by . I discussed my thoughts on the proposed withdrawal agreement, stressing that a no-deal Brexit would be in nobody’s interests.
The far right is marching for Brexit. Will the left stand against it? | Michael Chessum
Maybe he's just a bit thick .....
Except there is still a vote going on and he is trying to influence MPs. Coupled with John Bolton also meeting with Brexit MPs and comments by Wilber Ross Trump has far more chance of influencing this vote and the outcome is going to be far worse for UK and better for USA
There seems to be absolutely NOTHING that Brexit won't affect. What next? The laws of Physics? I don't give a sod what it affects. Freedom is never free. If people are not prepared to endure any hardship or setback they will never be free.
I think this is the right analysis. And I think the 60% + figure is strong too. (My back of an envelope some time ago on a 2nd ref was 57/43 Remain on an enhanced turnout, but a Brexiteer boycott is now possible).
They stop Brexit on technicalities and there will be hell to pay.
Fucking hell. How many times.
Painful &amp; pointless. You lot may hate him... but he’s right.
Nothing surprises me any more that comes out of the USA... it’s bad enough here with the idiocy of Brexit but seriously America sort it out
Bugger Brexit #StopBrexit
Just another reason the future excites me ... Not #brexit
All of this must be very challenging for you. You’re passionate vis a vis Trump, and write great stuff. But the same forces that elevated him also elevated Brexit, which you support. It’s a bit like accepting Trump’s illegitimacy because you received a tax cut. Means and ends?
All part of the plan I reckon to stop Brexit.
For as long as there are people that continuously divide &amp; speak hate this sadly is something that will never be completely eradicated from society. Brexit has certainly made it worst and global climate has also impacted with the likes of trump
Chapeau!! Carole Cadwalladr wins Foreign Press award for Trump and Brexit work | Media | The Guardian
Does it not bother you that Brexit Ref has been declared illegal on 11 counts? That it was based on lies, fraud &amp; dark money? Would u buy a house based on a fraud survey? What are u thinking?
I'd like to see 1. May vs Mogg 2. Corbyn v or
I agree. She holds the British in contempt. Ghastly filthy woman.
Brexit is worse than Trump as the are active restrictions on him. Mere anarchy has been loosed on the British political world, largely by this cynical buffoon Johnson and his Tory MP chums.
Norway style deal is even worse than the current agreement. Locks UK into EU rules, regulations, single market, customs unions and freedom of movement. Sturgeon is wrong about this.
...and everything about #Brexit looks like this clip. It is worse then chaos, itis absent mind in alternative reality but nobody serious or reliable I think. And so is #Brexit the biggest twister of all times. But how such a clown could produce anything serious or reliable?
Done. And even if I hadn't read your excellent book, you got my vote for promising to stop Brexit!
Displacement activity from Brexit?
On the pointless waste of time dulusional PM tour, is Gavin Grenfell Barwell sitting on key SAFETY reports, and brexit facts?
Brexit has even started yet, just wait for it to be voted down by parliament, then we will leave on WTO tariffs and then the EU will crumble, what will Spain say when we get our fruit from America, or Italy when we buy Australian wine, the click us ticking. #Brexit #Freedom
Not sure what you mean. In WTO, eu negotiates for the uk, to our advantage, securing lower tariffs for certain quota. Eu and uk have together tried to split these quotas post-brexit, so uk could keep the low tariffs, but many other WTO nations complained.
Yeah its a farce. Im as brexit as they come, but right now id rather stay than have her deal. I think we need an extension on article 50 personally. This deal is awful.
After many years of supporting the BBC I have now lost faith with the Brexit Broadcasting Corporation. I would like to know who is pulling the strings at the BBC now.
Project Fear died in 2016. The establishment tried to spook us and it failed. Who could forget the threat of a recession, wars, Obama lecturing us and a Punishment Budget. They threw everything at us and we saw it for what it was. A load of bollocks!
Makes the petty and personality driven politics Down Under look pretty pathetic
Eeeeeesh. Brexit is a bad idea, but I dunno if becoming a shill for the European Union is the right response. It's a bad idea because of the phenomenal destabilisation it'll cause, and because of how Tories will use it as a bonfire for human rights, not because the EU is bae.
Layla: If you’re bored of Brexit, this deal won’t help. We’ll be talking about it for 10 years if it goes through
How about a voice for those 17.4 Mn who voted to Leave.
Britain clears trade hurdle ahead of Brexit
It seems like it's all about beliefs, not realities and facts. It's good to have instinct and emotion, but they don't work in every case. Those of us who want a better society for all, know it has to be paid for and Brexit will make things worse. Remain, then lose the Tories!
NASA receives signal from Mars saying Brexit deal is shit
Withdrawal agreement is like opening the door of the prison but forgetting that the prisoners are still chained to the walls
If you’re a Singer in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a misery for you. If you live in the East Midlands then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this tragedy! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
'Shouty Stop Brexit man' crashes BBC broadcast with EU flag despite five-metre high platform
Very interesting thread, sounds like Yvette Copper has been a star again.
This is huge.
Why should we be afraid of a no-deal Brexit when Britain leads the world in manufacturing crap souvenirs? Take this marvellous Big Ben rubber duck for example.
This is #Brexit Britain, a nation dominated by thuggish xenophobia, racism and bigotry promoted and legitimised by Theresa May and her hate peddling right-wing press allies. #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit
Jokers. Try convincing your own MPs, it’s their votes you’ll need. Or are you already conceding that a Peoples Vote is going to happen?
While Government is paralysed by its failure to plan for #Brexit, the train system is simply grinding to a halt in the North of England, due to years of under-investment and complacency in Whitehall. Train operators know that Grayling will never fire them. The chaos was avoidable
Remainers be like #Brexit #BrexitChaos
Meeting with tRump is a waste of time. The Prime Minister knows is useless and no one knows it better than she does. Theresa May not requesting Trump G-20 meeting after his Brexit comments via
UK carmakers warn no-deal Brexit would be ‘catastrophic’
Is #Brexit good or bad? Chief Minister discusses the uncertainty that remains and also the opportunities that could emerge for #Jerseyci He says contingency preparation has been thorough &amp; a new customs arrangement has already been agreed. #meettheministers
Corbyn is a default leader (as is May) driven by Momentum. In the sanity days he was an old back bencher leftie of no worth. Today - socialist worker party leader of Labour. He hopes for a Tory collapse before he offers his plan.
Must-read thread on queue jumping, freedom of movement and why Brexit is classist.
The key issues for average people are in Brexit &amp; Islam. No party will address both &amp; this must be an opportunity for UKIP to become the party of REAL issues for REAL people. TR's appeal is that he speaks the plain truth. Following the mainstream path will not give UKIP the mass.
Is Theresa May’s UK tour a General Election / People’s Vote campaign rehearsal? #brexit
Northern Ireland and Great Britain are already different - UK PM Theresa May says, while she drums up support for her #Brexit deal
All channels doing this today. They’re calling it BOB - bored with Brexit. All of them - all at the same time. They’ve had orders.
It is beyond belief that any MP who professes themselves to be Labour is considering voting in favour of May`s Brexit deal.
No more warehouses to stockpile food for no-deal Brexit 'because Amazon may have booked them up' Brexit getting our sovereignty back. You idiots who voted for this left a group of cretinous MPs in charge. An American multi national now plans to make a mint
I think like all parties is one massive coalition. And this is being exposed. But I think for the sake of Brexit, everyone should pull together till Batten's term ends. BTW Patrick &amp;Suzanne joined much more recently than me; I think Batten is more in touch w/ membership.
More likely that those #TorySleepers that tried to get May elected at the last GE by a Landslide, that would have ensured a Nuclear Brexit, will be plotting to do it again, they are not on our side whatever they pretend #PeoplesVoteNow #PeoplesManifesto #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy
Scotland has a constitutional minister who can’t read and a first minister who can’t count. What could possibly go wrong? #snp #brexit
Come on people lets show these planks that they don't mess with us without consequences
We’re not saying its time to abandon the NHS – but for some doctors, gaining experience overseas could be a refreshing change of scene.
.... 'Brits aren’t STUPID!' Brexiteer brilliantly DISMANTLES no-deal Brexit scare stories
EU lawyers reject MPs' plea for right to cancel Brexit - The Times via thanks
Tim Martin will visit more than 100 of the firm's pubs to preach the benefits he sees in having a 'no deal' Brexit
Why is the Maybot trying to defy parliament and not publish the full legal advice on her dreadful #brexit deal
think This Is England might be the ultimate brexit film
TM is targeting the BOB's (Bored of brexit) to get behind her deal. I suspect that a most of them voted for Brexit and are the same people that supposedly will lose faith in democracy if their idiotic decision is overturned.! Good - Be bored and never vote again. #PeoplesVote
Who is the real Nigel Farage... and why won't he answer my questions?
Wee jimmy Krankie wants a pop on kipper tv. She wants to leave the union too. The U.K. leek.
The leftie always goes under the bus, it's a Labour Party tradition. It's a tradition that requires revision asap. We have insurgents, on the right, who no longer deserve the tolerance they are bequeathed. When some vote for Maybot's turkey Brexit there must be consequences.
I am getting the feeling that TM actually believes that this deal is Brexit. The text of the Withdrawal Agreement does not support her . I think she is sadly deluded or badly misled
Thanks for the best Brexit laugh I have ever had in months!!!! Much needed.
Let me be clear: Focus in particular that the relationship between the UK commitment for the second reason we need to improve suicide awareness and training across the UK. Those jobs rely on side. #Brexit #BrexitChaos #StopBrexit #TheresaMay #Conservatives
Hands Mark a Tena lady.....
"Brexit... Where do I start with Brexit..." giving a fascinating insight into negotiations on Brexit and protecting Ireland's interests in the European Union
Westminster's own analysis demonstrates that Scotland losses out in all Brexit scenarios. Don't believe SNP figures? Believe the Tory numbers instead.
“Brexit is simply too fundamental an issue to be used by Labour to calculate how to get into power by deliberately enabling chaos.” | Gina Miller
&gt;Trump lies Fact checkers: LIAR!!!! &gt;Trump tells the truth Fact checkers: ...he said something
Chlorinated chicken from the USA post-#Brexit. Can't wait. Banned in Europe.
Good.
Let's keep advancing #PeoplesVote
Mysterious
He fucked up education, then he did it to prisons, then he contributed to brexit, now hes in charge of environment, good god someone stop him!
best leptop discription 15.6" (1366 x 768) HD Display, Intel HD Graphics 620 Intel Core i3-7130U Dual-Core processor, 2.7 GHz, 8GB DDR4 Memory16GB, 1TB HDD 5400rpm; price rate: Used &amp; new (29) from $340.00 buy now click the link:
Yes, and I wrote a lot in favour of Corbyn too, though I'm afraid that Brexit will make it much more difficult to oppose corporations like Cuadrilla in the future.
Fight against brexit? What do you, in your infinite wisdom, suggest? He cannot force a GE unless May's deal falls apart ( and he's voting against that). Then what? Demand a second referendum? A people's vote? What if that goes the same way as 1st referendum? What then?
Could not agree more James esp hearing Corbyn wants to broaden the debate to domestic issues - as if he could not address such issues were the debate to focus primarily on Brexit. So we’d be stuck with Corbyn’s irrelevance and May’s robotic repetition of fibs
The Brexit deal in brief by
This response to Theresa May’s letter has gone viral
Theresa May's Brexit deal is doomed - Sir Michael Fallon
elected MPs????? lmao ok morgan live in that bubble besides I thought a no deal was better than a bad deal...…
If the #tories don’t block this #bogus #brexit #deal they will basically be conceding every general election for the next 20 years. It’s false, it’s bogus, it’s pathetic and it’s #weak. This isn’t a #leave or #remain issue, it’s an issue of #integrity and #trustability
The Court of Justice of the EU is an imperial court, not an impartial court - it should not have post-Brexit jurisdiction in the UK via
Thank you Mike! This response to Theresa May’s letter has gone viral
I am happy to see simple minded brextards' dreams meet reality I am happy that the people who forced brexit upon us with lies about sovereignty will now be subservient And we will be rejoing the EU after this failed experiment in small mindedness and populism
Are you suggesting that she has changed her mind and has a right to have her new opinion heard? Good, because the bloody country wants to be heard too! There has not been a single pro Brexit poll for well over a year. #PeoplesVote It’s democracy in action.
I don’t have any doubts that she is a deceiver. “Brexit means Brexit” does it? She’s gone back on every promise. I wouldn’t be surprised what she did. I don’t know about a curved ball but leave voters are truly being played.
God knows May needs that skill for her brexit deal
It looks like Theresa May, like every Tory PM before her, has reached the, “Ye know what, I’ve had it, ye can stand there and damn well listen now” stage of dealing with the DUP.
‘Teach us a lesson’ Nigel Farage reveals his BIGGEST fear over Theresa May’s Brexit deal #news #breakingnews
Well fancy that who would have thought
Hello Mr. President, Be diplomat and open, but please negotiate and consult with respective state authorities and independent scholars before any sign to happen. You can learn from the Brexit negotiation scheme. Good luck with your term.
So eell dederved. Cadwalladr wins Foreign Press award for Trump and Brexit work
After brexit uk would represent itself in WTO, but first has to go through the lexercise of establishing a full tariff schedule because it loses all the support discounts.
Dinner for One - why some get it and we don't #Brexit
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
I should be doing my criminology work that’s due tomorrow but instead I’ve sat here for 20 minutes and tried to come up with the perfect safe word. I think I’ve decided on brexit. No particular reason why, just think that’s the word to use
‘Part of our FAMILY!’ Gibraltar will ALWAYS be British, ambassador vows: GIBRALTAR will ALWAYS… #Brexit #ClickBait
Help out these unionists with their poll
Brexit TV debate: May v Corbyn or a Brexiteer?
"For Italy with Europe": a new anti-populist movement is born in Milan #brexit #italy #EU #UE #populismo #populism #populisme
Did you read this yesterday UK food labelling laws could improve post-Brexit #fdnwhour
Good on ya fella always knew the brexit backhander would come in useful one day
So... *three* choices then, ... (Actually there’s a fourth - deliver a proper Brexit - but who’s counting?)
Trump weakens May's hand, says Brexit deal 'good for EU'
Hardly old being 6 months ago. How about this showing Eurozone/US vs UK growth only 4 months ago.
Yes, the BBC are loosing friends over their, so obvious, Pro-Brexit stance.
Forex- Dollar Inches Higher as Sterling Slumps on Brexit Angst By
I agree that Brexit is a disaster but let's not forget, JC voted remain. He's girding his loins over the issue right now, not wanting to alienate half his voter base. Forcing a GE and removing the Tories has to come first.
If be more interested to understand why he is backing the PM’s deal.
More fake news from mainstream journalists trying to influence Brexit via
No big fat cheque sadly but certainly lots of interest in the issues. Lots of discussion about Brexit and the commitment to increase the proportion of GDP spent on research. Opportunity to raise awareness of #MND too of course. BW Sally
Now speech, obviously all about #Brexit #smmtannualdinner
Given a choice I probably still wouldn't leave the EU, I think it's a distraction we could all avoid. But given a choice between a Tory Brexit or a Labour Brexit I'll take Labour 1 billion times out of ten.
It was also not a Mandate for *this* Brexit - just for *a* Brexit. Actually, given Leave campaign, it was a Mandate of leaving the EU Tyranny, which doesn't exist ....
British Lawmakers Warn They Will Vote Against Brexit Deal
#banFracking and #VoteItDown - even better let’s bring this Tory government down!
{firstly/retweet}May i remind U that NS agreed w TM{after losing 21 seats at GE 2017}that "now wasn't the time" as there was "not enough support" for Indy2 &amp; she would 'reset' timetable for Autumn 2018 when Brexit deal done/it's done now but don't hold ur breath on IndyRef2 date
what the political declaration means is zilch nada. Its nothing more than a wish list to blow smoke in our eyes and ears. Roll on the next General Election never mind #Brexit democracy and an effective goverment are both history in this country.
No-deal Brexit could hit F1 races around Europe, says McLaren chief
Big blue anti-Brexit bus pulls into Westminster for Parliament 'take over' via
The WA ultimately stops Brexit, and moat are Remainers.
Completely unacceptable. We paid for that is ours
Of the myriad things that threaten to be upturned in post-#Brexit Britain, the latest is a truly innocent bystander: British pets. #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote #pets #NoDealBrexit
For anyone wondering what charlatans look like Here we have two of Britain's finest debating who's version of #Brexit will do the least shafting of the UK #DissolveTheUnion
Brexit is worse than Trump as there are active restrictions on Trump with the American system. Mere anarchy has been loosed on the British political world, largely by this cynical buffoon Johnson and his Tory MP chums - and the messed-up meaningless EU referendum.
Oh dear god.... it’s worse than we ever imagined.....
On tonight &amp; Who both like #Brexit but not the UN report on UK poverty, having voted 13 &amp; 15X for Bedroom tax 48 &amp; 46X to cut benefits
Coverage of Brexit economic assessments has been dismal. 6 o'clock news said: "which means that every single person in Scotland will be £1600 a year worse off". Nonsense on stilts. (9' into here):
Why is Labour ignoring so many of their voters. People’s vote with full and legit information is needed
I am a remainer, yes. No secret. I also chose not to abuse or insult those who’s views differ. I try to understand genuinely held views. Which is why I ask the question. What do you think a wto Brexit means?
Britain clears trade hurdle ahead of Brexit
Brexit ‘would have dire consequences for disabled people’ via
Theresa May heads to Scotland as Brexit deal founders in Westminster - The Guardian via thanks
UK carmakers warn no-deal Brexit would be ‘catastrophic’
#Brexit: May heads to Scotland as deal founders in Westminster
OH...OH...OH...LOOK AT THAT A deal looks unlikely the suddenly the EU is available at the drop of a hat for talks even tho ink is dry. Looks like JRM and Boris were correct, walk away and watch them come running for a deal. #EUbacktrack
BBC News - Reality Check: Theresa May's Brexit letter
It will, as I’d say there is prob thousands, possibly millions like me.... they’re going to be hit hard.... they forget a lot of their votes came from UKIP voters, jumping ship foolishly expecting #TreasonMay to deliver her promise on Brexit, as in her manifesto
I made #Brexit key rings today #MamaTigerlily find me on #Facebook to order
Family keeps asking if Matt and I are gonna settle in the UK or the USA and honestly between Brexit and Trump, Canada is looking pretty glorious. #expat
People were sold a lie': Ruthin restless over May's Brexit deal - The Guardian via thanks
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
No-deal Brexit could hit F1 races around Europe, says McLaren chief
Oh, look who's crawled out from under his bridge.......sounds like a good description of himself and his other luvvie 'dinner party' mates.
Excellent! Let's get everyone in England focused on #fracking, an issue that unites everyone from all backgrounds, rather than Brexit which has created nothing but division. #BanFracking
Theory; they weren’t banking on so much in-depth analysis of the 585 withdrawal agreement (idiots), now that’s happened, they don’t want to face the same scrutiny of the legal findings (idiots). #Brexit
No one BELIEVES YOU...!
Remember when Obama said if the UK voted for Brexit we'd be "at the back of the queue" and Brexiteers went mental and slagged him off ?.
The Brexiteers were always going to blame the people who told them Brexit was going to turn into a bag of shit. Blame everyone else but yourselves why don’t you. “Project fear!!!” you won! Get over it.
More fake news from mainstream journalists trying to influence Brexit
Britain clears trade hurdle ahead of Brexit
Fresh row looms as No 10 refuses to publish full Brexit legal advice
This response to Theresa May’s letter has gone viral
A debate that just focuses on two marginally different versions of #Brexit is not worth having. The voice for remaining in the EU must be heard - I’m willing to be that voice. What is the PM so scared of? said that. #StopBrexit
Looks like she is losing this round as well as the previous ones. Time to #DissolveTheUnion and each country can decide instead of this dictator . BBC News - Brexit: Theresa May denies 'rolling over' on deal
Big publicity push needed now to push WTO Brexit
anyone: brexit me: fucking tabernak... je M’EN FOUS!!!
Britain clears trade hurdle ahead of Brexit
Vinny is on the rage tonight. Brexit and the dup’ers insecurity must be hitting him hard
Asking a stupid question...but if the EU was so amazingly great, and a warm kindhearted domain...if the UK found that brexit was a failure after 6-8 years (THEY WON'T), wouldn't you be able to rejoin? It would be costly no doubt, but if it was so great (IT ISN'T)....
Talk about stamina.. She is a wimp compared to this Man. He is a true hero in my eyes.. I think when Brexit is defeated he should get the Victoria Cross for heroic services to the country
Lmao “the resurgent SDP”.
Genuinely though, from a young age, you can be stopped by anyone on the streets of the UK and asked to name the ingredients to any cornerstone pie, if you get more than one ingredient wrong, you are sent off to France for 5 years to age cheese, it’s basically what started #Brexit
They don't have any water. Latest brexit scare story said no water from treatment plants as minerals come from EU. The maximum time an individual can go without water seems to be a week, so they're fucked!
the french wild strawberry delphiniums daddy floralwhite cruelty obama brexit
I have nothing against the European countries and don't get me wrong, I would be lying if I was not slightly worried on the short term pain of a no deal brexit. I believe Europe should have a trade agreement. I just don't believe in anything else that the EU is.
Boris Johnson Demands The Brexit TV Debate Includes Someone Who 'Believes In It' -
Michael Gove. A man so disloyal he stood against the candidate whose campaign he was managing.
The issues which face this country go beyond just Brexit, and are about the impact of May’s austerity policies and the quality of our future- having some one represent the people’s vote would be a cul de sac..
Labour accuses government of defying will of Commons by not releasing full Brexit legal advice - Politics live
Theresa May heads to Scotland as Brexit deal founders in Westminster
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Brexit is something I really don't understand.
People voted for BREXIT that’s the debate. The people’s vote is another debate.
FFS. Is there nothing brexit won't hit? What next......the weather?......oxygen?....beards?
If this government do not deliver on a no deal Brexit, I will be voting labour to cause pain and havoc, this will really give the remoaners something to moan about. I’ve always voted Tory but if no delivery on referendum No vote!!
No wonder the WhatsApp group has been culled. Someone has been spilling secrets. I am so ashamed to be a member of the with everything that is going on!
Downing Street will reportedly not give full Brexit legal advice to MPs
I liked a video Jordan Peterson on Brexit and the Doom of the EU
Theresa May will never be humble enough, nor smart enough to listen to the &amp; the sage advice he is trying to give her. Step aside May; Let Pres. Trump help us leave the EU &amp; sort out Brexit &amp; the corrupt gov't officials here.
This response to Theresa May’s letter speaks for me
Public opinion narrowly supported invading Iraq and much of the press was vehemently in favour. draws the parallels with Brexit.
Theresa May heads to Scotland as Brexit deal founders in Westminster
Even Caroline Lucas thinks Corbyn doesn’t believe in debate.
I’ve been worrying about the wrong things,,,London’s daily stabbing situation, brexit,climate change..... I didn’t realise eastenders used shit props,,, This is a game changer.
No evidence, no facts, just blind faith, feelings and a Tory Vicar. - that just about sums up Brexit in one sentence
Still Cameron for creating Brexit.
Extended article 50 is the only answer for me, although I think once it’s extended it will continue to be extended until everyone forgets. The other issue is, if Brexit is still about at the next GE the chances are Labour will get in.
Just give it time...
The Royal Mint have released a new 50p to commemorate the Brexit deal...
Do we have to submit to this dictatorship to which MPs are meekly submitting ?
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
Yep. He disappeared off to Geneva on the day of the march for the people's vote. Visiting obscure locations since and making inane statements of unity whilst the country burns.
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
Another pro Brexit prat
No. People like you have ruined our future by your false promised and lies...
Agreed - Political boundaries have been so dramatically redrawn that May and Corbyn are now effectively two sides of the very same #BrexitShambles coin. We need an alternative leader. And a #PeoplesVote
I voted YES. Should Nicola Sturgeon be involved in any televised Brexit debate? via
This makes a mockery of Brexit and should not be signed without Parliamentary debate. What is happening to the Conservative Party?
What do the experts know anyway, brexit means brexit, our country our laws... Time to start thinking logically again, time for a #PeoplesVote
Hi Jeremy, could you explain this to us all please Thanks in advance
BBC Scotland’s political editor under fire after news report pokes fun at FM’s Brexit press conference
This...
My family first came to UK about 300 years ago when they accidentally crashed their spacesaucer into the Thames. Since then we`ve been mating with earthlings within the M25 Orbital. Mom says Mogg must be a distant cousin cos his name means turnip in our home language. #Brexit
Mike Harding's fantastic response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral... The country is starting to unite against Teresa May and all those MPs who dare to deny us a #PeoplesVote take note!
returning to Brexit Britain penniless, Grimsby couple have to apply for Universal Credit.
The latest The Richard Headland Daily! Thanks to #paid #brexit
DUP ditches Govt &amp; joins Labour &amp; Brexit Tories to force May to publish full Brexit legal advice. No.10 sparks major row by defying will of the Commons by agreeing only to publish a summary.
Excellent vid from our very own Deputy CIO Alex...#brexit #markets #economy
Just met a commercial #ukfisherman he said that if the fake #brexit deal #TheresaMay has offered goes through he will sell the boat putting five employees out of a job , they were hanging on for brexit to work for them but it won't
I find it hilarious that, despite it happening years ago, we still don't have a firm Brexit deal in the UK, no US/Mexico border wall, no closure or finality to the Mueller investigation, etc. I'm kinda starting to wonder if politics are just bullshit and anarchy is better for us.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Do you not yet understand that it won’t happen. The majority of the commons are remainers so anything remotely looking like brexit won’t get through.
Wish I left Aberdeen when I had the chance. Horrendous place to live.
Number of Tory MPs opposing proposal rises as prime minister attempts to win support around the UK Theresa May takes her Brexit publicity blitz to Scotland on Wednesday as opponents of her deal scramble to plan for the chaotic aftermath of the m... #EUpol
Piers please tell me what would happen if TM was to go at his point, with regard to brexit ?
Britain clears trade hurdle ahead of Brexit via
Lol whut. It's not divided like that all... And quite naiive to think so. Not all right wings voted brexit or vice versa. Famous example being David Cameron
We covered No Brexit in our previous study published in the Lancet and freely available. Link is in the report. All forms of Brexit have some negative impacts for health and the NHS.
Once again, Nicola Sturgeon proving she's the least worst option of all the party leaders out there.
Proud of yourselves? #strongandstable -
Im never giving up my EU citizenship for brexit trash
actually maybe it's the repetitive cycle of british history that's ultimate brexit
If the nature of the legal relationship with the EU was conveyed to the public before rushing the referendum and the “compromises” explained, the UK would have not felt deceived that #brexit is being delivered when it’s actually not....
Define "proper". BREXIT means BREXIT so this BREXIT is clearly a proper BREXIT. You won, get over it.
Is the uncertainty around Brexit scaring national and international property buyers? The downward pressure on prices in London appears to be spreading beyond the capital. #Brexit #Property
Doesn’t sound that huge a difference. Big deal - one month voluntary work. Again the common theme returns: my (travel) life would be more inconvenient because of Brexit.
After brexit, uk would represent itself in WTO, but first has to go through the exercise of establishing a full set of tariff schedules - so not overnight. Uk will lose all its eu discounts.
And underneath the section of the Brexit Agreement where states who the deal will benefit in the UK it only says "Quiet Bat People"
Worth remembering when May starts banging on about democracy. She’s got to the Thatcher and Blair stage where she thinks she’s unassailable. Whatever comes next, I will savour her ignominious exit from No.10.
How likely is it that those #TorySleepers that tried to get May elected at the last GE by a Landslide That would have ensured a Nuclear Brexit Will be plotting to do it again They are not on our side whatever they pretend #PeoplesVoteNow #PeoplesManifesto #StopBrexit #finalsay
this is him...
If there is to be #ARealDebate then all views need to be represented and it's followed up by a #PeoplesVote... If there is to be no #PeoplesVote then what's the benefit of a TV Debate?
It’s like indyref2 bingo everyday. Will she call it, won’t she, will she, won’t she. Nats getting themselves all wound up and excited every morning then Boom. By the evening deflated again. Nats listen here. She’s not going to call it she knows she’ll lose and be out.
Please!!!
It would appear Matt Hancock was reading the side of the big red bus, or was it a certain think tank backing him? #peoplesvote
No more words for Corbyn.
You’re one of those who voted for #Brexit and #Article50 Any deal, or no deal will devastate the country. The only option that protects British jobs and our futures is to stay in the EU, and that’s what you should be fighting for. I can’t vote for a #ProBrexit
Meanwhile in stupid self harm land...
Stamp duty revenue in England down 10% on a year ago
Indeed. So why are Labour chasing them by sticking with brexit? On your second point I dont know. The prospect of us dragging you out of the EU against your will gives you damn good grounds for another tilt at it.
No, it's just more baloney from these idiots. Every and any flavour of brexit is miles worse than EU membership, because EU membership is actually fantastic. Thanks for the simplistic non-explanation. Not needed or asked for.
BREXIT Legend
#Brexit could mean #Pet food shortages
Yeah, noone gets a say when they are below voting age. That's how it works. You don't get a special exception for the Brexit Referendum. When you are under 18 you get zero say in votes or elections. Now that you are 18 you will have a say in future votes and election.
#Brexit could mean #Pet food shortages
Why not... if you get one BEFORE #brexit you can keep both... AFTER #brexit you can’t... it’s called planning for the worst case scenario. Who wants to have to apply for a visa to travel around with a British Passport when you can pull out a EU one and save all the hassle!
I keep thinking this too
is too busy tweeting about #Brexit, is too busy tweeting stuff about #tories is too busy tweeting utter mince and replying to people about broadband but nothing about #Torbett case, is too busy tweeting lies!
Scottish Brexit case set to reach highest European court
The tide is turning. Interesting article. #disunitedUK #DissolveTheUKUnion
So, to paraphrase: you can't see the full Brexit legal advice because it shows that you're right.
Deserves wide circulation
brexit rooney &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
Here are some facts for you:
The latest myHaskell :: DailyPub! Thanks to #brexit
Interesting to see all the different Tory factions lining up against Theresa May’s Brexit deal. If you assume (for argument sake) that the next Government has to be made up of one of those groups, it’s intriguing to imagine which one would be least worst.
Britain clears trade hurdle ahead of Brexit
"Despite the clear evidence something is wrong within its News and Current Affairs Department, BBC Scotland bosses insist there is no anti-SNP agenda at the station"
Remember, and weep.
THANK YOU. PEOPLES VOTE to UNITE the country 3 options with Remain as 1 with a single transferable vote lowest gets redistributed
Let's be clear, accepting the May deal under duress to avoid a catastrophic no deal is not democracy, it's blackmail. There is not better deal than the one we have. We should treasure and get on. #proplesvote #stopbrexit #buildBritain
The MPs in Westminster...should look what is happening across the Channel. If they betray Brexit the people will let them know!!!!
She hasn’t given up on their Protestant land for a Protestant people either. Which doesn’t say much.
Boris Johnson on the ball again. Being in the hands of May &amp; Corbyn is like being between the Devil &amp; Devil incarnate! Both are weak, both are stubborn, both are incapable of negotiating! In both cases their only experience of trade is what big Corporations tell them.
Who granted permission for that?.#Brexit #TheresaMay
Big publicity push needed now for WTO Brexit
There is no proper Brexit. There is no unicorn. #StopBrexit #SaveUK #FBPE
Except we can’t and wont
If only he was in charge of Brexit now eh Brian? Anyway, sshhh, we had better not go on about one of Britain's greatest heroes, some of the unpatriotic Left will be reaching for the Rennie indigestion tablets.
Thought you would be bored of spouting Brexit lies.
go live in Australia ! Brexit now leave on WTO no deal !
Maybe Brexiteers should accept that there are trade-offs, or just simply take responsibility? Blame whosoever you want, but this is your Brexit.
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
that’s what you get for voting brexit ya Tory cunt
The conservative party have also negotiated up to 1 decent Brexit deal.
You have to ask whether this is being deliberately done to anger MPs.
I’ve been meaning to re-read “War &amp; Peace”, or to try “Ulysses” (again), but instead I’m constantly checking Twitter to see if our government has seen sense and cancelled Brexit. Like them, only when this shitshow is over will I be able to get back to doing something useful.
Signed petition
Ah, but there's a research point here: You are knowledgeable about genre, you are just not aware of it. For instance, your knowledge of #Brexit and the news genre will allow you to foresee how a given story will play out. A case in point below.
brexit means
‘Vote for the deal’ May’s Brexit deal will STOP medicine shortage, says Hancock - Express The best way to ensure ‘unhindered’ medical supplies and no shortages? Actually, it’s #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy #PeoplesVote
With our family business - trading with European customers has been a monumental factor in our websites success over the last 10 years, I’ve tried to disengage myself from brexit talks because politics bends my mind, but the closer this is becoming, the more worrying it’s seeming
"This [Brexit deal] is a dead duck - the deadest duck that walked." That was the challenge to Alun Cairns, the Secretary of State for Wales, on Theresa May's Brexit deal.
'Brits aren’t STUPID!' Brexiteer brilliantly DISMANTLES no-deal Brexit scare stories
Yes please.
Again, fully understand. Remains would still protest and demand Brexit not happen
Brexit tensions are rising in Europe. Meanwhile in Vancouver...
David has trouble with numbers. Seems to happen a lot with Labour...
"Theresa May takes her Brexit publicity blitz to Scotland". Walking round in the rain being ignored isn't a "blitz".
If it left (and then joined the EU,) all the current border bollocks around the waste of time that is #Brexit would be re-enacted on a much bigger scale. You'd have to hate the English, Welsh and Northern Irish even more than the #brexiteers hate the Europeans.
This dork has to go. He might as well be a Tory. Worst Labour leader we've had!
Not what I was taught at the #brexit #bojo
You mean, like how you belived in Brexit so much that you had written two letters, and then released the one that gave you the biggest political advantage?
BREAKING IMPORTANT INFORMATION REGARDING BREXIT MEANS EXIT MARCH ON 9TH ... via
Hey I know you are busy with Brexit but this is just plain disgusting. Protect the children. Don't give access to a rapist to a child.
Brexit has exposed just how corrupt,out of touch &amp; conniving the UK political system is. Politicians look down on British people, don’t respect our vote &amp; most are anti British preferring to support EU Dictatorship rule over our country. They are betraying us &amp; selling out UK.
Theresa May heads to Scotland as Brexit deal founders in Westminster
Amb talking about Ukraine, status of transatlantic relations, #Brexit &amp; future European security w Amb Pierre Vimont, Karen Donfried and at Amb Vseviov convinced there won’t be an European Army, instead well funded European armies.
„... everybody's saying ok, what's the next thing?" Resign. Chuck Brexit.
Please do Nicola!
That won’t bother me if my First Minister is excluded, because I won’t be watching.
Couple prepare for 'No Deal Brexit' by stockpiling 'essentials' -including quinoa
He's an absolute weapon that boy
Come on folks, sign up. Govt won’t acknowledge until it gets to 10k.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
I don't doubt we will still have 10,000 words applicable to cabbages post Brexit.
Interesting how even all the anti-Corbyn-ers are saying that they agree with what he says about Theresa May’s brexit deal, does anyone even support her anymore?
This is a good deal and the best deal is to #ExitBrexit Finally all will have to face with real #Brexit comedy cost and pay it. This is all on responsibility of #UK and nobody else, so common Brits will pay for those all stupid ideas and consequences. Just like that. Cry and pay.
Brilliant response covers it all!
May and Corbyn on brexit is two people representing half the country but no one to represent the other half - Remain.
Great article
But I’m not quite sure what the #Brexit point would be. Just playing politics with our Children’s futures?
From the whole Brexit conversation there has been no humanity contextualising the debate. Instead it seems to have been hijacked by a far right ideology.
We’ll get the champion of the Tory party backing them every way he can - eh Jezza , just like the labour parties done right the way through this process - people’s party my backside ! They’re the opposition and haven’t once taken the responsibility of that in brexit
What exactly is a proper Brexit Julia?
Same thing with Brexit here but the way it seems to me is that when Trump said he’d drain the swamp he never said what he would refill it with...
Every single one of these so called LABOUR MP's should be deselected with immediate effect, if they even consider voting for this deal.......
Zombie #Brexit refuses to die. There are more brains to eat...
Despite all the hype around Brexit, International retailers still want to find a route into the UK market. Redlands Retail can make that happen. #distribution #internationaltrade #redlandsretail #redlandsdistribution #concessions #departmentstores
#Brexit Politics. Many Said The EU Army Was A Lie. They Lied
Car industry warns of "catastrophic" risk from no-deal Brexit:
It’s an absolute disgrace. This government knows no bounds. All to keep the Tory party together.
What has this got to do with Brexit? You can't blame Chancellor Merkel for this guy!
No point having this debate. May is useless and has negotiated a terrible deal. Corbyn is clueless and couldn't negotiate a better deal. As for you......one of our Ambassadors said you were the laziest person he'd ever worked for.
Definitely something to look over if Parliament votes down the Brexit deal #noDealBrexit
How about introduce rolling payments for services cancelled/if cancelled as a good faith agreement to show cooperation in reply of chequers draft by and to ease tensions. #brexit
Incompetent just like Dianne Abbott.
"Downing Street will reportedly not give full Brexit legal advice to MPs"
Surely this means a #GeneralElectionNow
Two gutless politicians peddling their Brexit narrative in the name of "the people"
A no deal Brexit means:- We leave the EU No open borders No more money to EU No £39 billion handout Free trade with whole World Make our own laws Sovereignty returns to UK Out of SM &amp; CU Fishing waters back No longer under ECJ NO TRANSITION THAT'S FREEDOM It's what I voted for!!
It's not a lamb chop. It's half a rabbit. You might not recognise it but after brexit they will start appearing on butcher's hooks again like they did in the austere years after WW2.
Fresh row looms as No 10 refuses to publish full Brexit legal advice
FT is back with its fear mongering. It’s Japanese owners seems to have whipped up Lionel again. Don’t relax boy !
Peston: ‘For the first time it feels like Brexit will be stopped’
So he'll be refunding these suckers will he? Unlikely is my bet.
Brexit Britain close to agreeing open skies deal with US
But labour lost. And now they should be 30 points ahead and they should have a clear alternative stance to the Tory Brexit. #StopBrexitSaveBritain
Is this actually scripted? Is Boris an actor paid by the Tories to keep us entertained and distract us from the actual issues of the day? Does that mean he ad-libed the whole Brexit campaign?
Attempt to woo Labour MPs backfires as they say Downing Street 'treated us like idiots' during Brexit briefing. The Emperor, or in this case, Theresa May, has no clothes. She is as transparent as her attempts to gain last minute support.
“Leaving the European Union would be bad for Britain and its universities. Leaving without a deal would be a disaster.” Senior UK academics call for people’s vote to save universities #Brexit #highereducation #research
This is only my opinion, but he looks a well dodgy geezer
Disappointing the way you have attacked Corbyn’s/Labour lately Caroline. There’s a lot more happening to ppl in this country other than Brexit, as important as it is. I voted remain, but the real instigators of this chaos are seemingly getting off scot free- Cameron and Co
Welcome to Brexit Britain.
Our passing at the back between Bentley and Meopham is like Brexit. We persist it doing it when it's obviously a very bad idea. #BRESHU
Yes we must come together and STOP this Brexit travesty being flaunted by our "prime" minister and NEVER allow politicians to be a position where they can deceive and lie to the people ever again. Impeachment was last used in 1806, it's time to use it again!
'...whips believe he could provide the ‘intellectual heft’ needed to persuade wavering MPs' There are no words... #brexitdeal Michael Gove unleashed as Theresa May’s ‘secret weapon’ in bid to sell Brexit deal to Tory MPs
Read latest TV NIGHTS comments on POVERTY in the UK, on BREXIT, on the SENTENCING of the British academic in UAE, the new FOREIGN SECRETARY, Britons APPLYING for citizenship in other EU COUNTRIES, and ...
Must include Defence &amp; Taking back Control of our MILITARY
BBC reports huge problems with mental health in this country.. No one is crazy in this country!! BREXIT NOW!!!
LEAVE. LEAVE NOW JUST GET OUT LEAVE BREXIT. MARCH ENOUGH IS ENOUGH
She confuses the EU with Europe. I love other European countries, I hate the EU, which wants to build an army so it can invade Russia. Immigration and the obscene anti Russian stance of the EU is why I voted Brexit. This silly woman seems to think tyrannical regime is acceptable.
Is Trump right about the Brexit deal? - - #uspolitics #trump #potus #midterms2018
Well, that's a surprise to me! I will watch the BBC World News. This has to be seen to be believed given the output of the domestic Brexit Broadcasting Corporation with their, so very obvious, Pro-Brexit stance.
There's really only one option: WTO-rules Brexit which is pretty much what we voted for. I'd prefer her to be ousted before the vote and for it not to happen, though, as we clearly can't trust MPs on any side to deliver on their promises (except maybe the DUP).
Well that’s Brexit for you . It’s consuming everything and everyone, it’s all they can bang on about , honestly I have faith that a man of Jeremy Corbyn’s principles and his passion for a fairer society will do all he can to rectify once in power .
Delicious detail in story on Gove appearing on Marr etc. to back May's deal: "Some Brexiteers believe Gove has 'sold out' on his principles. The backbench European Research Group dumped him from its WhatsApp group on Monday."
What I don’t understand is nobody mentioning that the Queen has made it Law that we have to leave the EU. TM saying WA or no Brexit is unlawful. We can just leave no deal on WTO March next year. Think MPs need to push this more.
so wrong; businesses and the people of NI voted to stay: this is the best deal and they can see this, wake up to the brexit fact; UK will suffer out of the EU
Still cannot believe this. They have lied and cannived all the way through this process. This is not democracy. It's like is Brexit being shoved down our throats like it or not.
Sorry u had bad experiences with some FBPE people - it is not immune like anything 2 having tossers within it,.Brexit will hurt the poor most so I can't choose 2 b picky about company! However new party members were far more unpleasant and didn't seem to like discussion about JC
She confuses the EU with Europe. I love other European countries, I hate the EU, which wants to build an army so it can invade Russia. Immigration and the obscene anti Russian stance of the EU is why I voted Brexit. This silly woman seems to think tyrannical regime is acceptable.
Are you kidding ?
#MarsHillBlog Post on May's Brexit deal and the importance of trying to reunite the country #Brexit #Remain #LeaveMeansLeave #PeoplesVote #Conservatives #Labour #TheresaMay #DavidCameron #JeremyCorbyn
Wow, it’s *almost* like you don’t want people to know how truly damaging Brexit will be . Is this how you plan to bring the country together? #BrexitBetrayal #NotBuyingIt
That'll work...
They will have us by the short and curlies if the bill goes through .
After Brexit you mean? The day after? Or just after midnight on 29 March? Wouldn’t trust him to make a choice on ketchup or brown sauce this century - let alone run a country. By the way - I voted remain and wouldn’t vote in a 2nd chance, sloppy seconds poll.
Isn’t the rump SDP still in existence as well - a few councillors somewhere or something like that? Haven’t looked, but wouldn’t be shocked if they were pro Brexit either.
Vince Cable Curries Brexit: via
Do pay attention. May clearly said the only option will be a managed nodeal brexit, which is fine, and saves enough to pay for 26000 nurses for 40 years.
If you believe Brexit was a foolish move, you have not properly weighed the pro and con arguments.
Far-left anarchist group "Class War" who attacked Rees-Mogg, now target working-class Brexit March #AusPol
Two shades of #brexit... How cowardly of and . Silencing the 48%, #The3Million, #Scotland, #NorthernIreland and #remainernow everywhere in the UK. Go and sign this petition for a #PeoplesVote if May so-called 'deal' is rejected
These people are stupid. The MSM exposes their manipulated the narrative. #WWG1WGA #qanon #Brexit #BuildTheWall
20. The topics discussed were: the structure of the campaign, UK/US relations, US foreign policy and Brexit. This was a serious meeting. Astonishing: against all protocol, NO notes were kept of the meeting. I wonder why?
I'm going - are you?
My God yes you are right, JB! Lets storm no 10 and let our protest on this awful business give May a REAL problem (its much bigger than brexit!)
Amazing! When Obama said the same thing as Trump there was uproar. Yet, Trump gets away with butting into UK politics. #Brexit: Trump says May's Brexit plan could hurt UK-US trade deal
The real leader of the UK opposition
Best for Britain has produced a petition calling on broadcasters to provide fair representation of all options during the Brexit TV debate – including People’s Vote with a Remain option. You can sign the petition here:
Jordan Peterson on Brexit and the Doom of the EU via
Agreed - Saw next generation Kinock on TV pontificating about Brexit....Mother Kinloch once won a Europran election with circa 15% of vote.... most people working too hard to know what going on...Just the gravy train.
Brexit means Brexit
{secondly/off topic?} Brexit wasn't a 4 nation Referendum, it was a UK Vote and what its being reduced to is either This Deal/No Deal or No Brexit {disrespecting UK Vote} want to have Scotland stay in EU?/get to call IndyRef2...Win it and apply for EU membership
There won't be any Brexit, so you needn't worry at all about that. The European Union would never allow a country to leave the bloc. Remember how Ireland voted 'no' twice in referenda and was told to vote again. The EU doesn't do democracy, you should know that by now.
I'm not into celebrities stoking the fire of Brexit...but that'll do for me :)
#Brexit is a fraud on the UK because the referendum was not conducted lawfully. We know this; fines have been issued and the National Crime Agency is investigating further. #BuggerBrexit
Except Brexit.
Well, why break with tradition. Its not like they have wanted her input since 2016. Id like Nicola to do a live Twitter at the same time answering the questions asked to May/Corbyn. Id also like any MSP to do this every Thursday with #indyref2
EUROPE NEWS: Trump trips up May as she bids to sell Brexit dea...
The latest The Christopher Walls Daily! #brexit #sponsored
Brexit news latest: 'Debate someone who believes in Brexit,' Boris Johnson tells Theresa May
This is Teresa May' s bollocks to UK democracy tour, it might be on its way to your town, just look out for lies, deception, manipulation and blackmailing. I'm sure you will hear how amazing the EU is, and how the conservatives sold you vote for a piece of silver. #Brexit
I love this
Well she can just fuck right back off again!
Despite not being fond of many Labour policies I voted for pro-EU Hannah. Brexit zealot hangs on a 1725 majority &amp; that needs a swing of only 863 voters Con to Lab. Whilst we have fptp we need to do what's necessary.
At least 1 good thing might come from Brexit then (IMHO!). Lights fuse, walks away! #fdnwhour
The stuff dreams are made of!!
The day I start to hear a coherent and unified message from Brexit voters on what they believe a "proper Brexit" actually is, this debate will get a lot more productive.
As I have mentioned a few times. If the will of the people is to now remain then there is no obstacle that can not be moved. Brexit was born of the fires of chaos, and so can it die in a similar inferno.
For your information.
Very chirpy on brexit Ken, got anything to say about factor 8?
UK carmakers warn no-deal Brexit would be ‘catastrophic’
Britain clears trade hurdle ahead of Brexit
her deal keeps us shackled to the eu untill 2022 maybe longer if the eu takes its time over transitions which it no doubt will may has played right into a trap she had no intention of delivering brexit and the back stop in my opinion will almost certainly be applied by 2022
Yup. For calling Labour's lack of brexit position cowardly
This is a worrying statistic with 4 months to go. Also when viewed alongside Chamber of commerce and survey results both showing &gt;50% of respondent companies haven't started #brexit planning yet. Domestic freezer sales might also see a sizeable uptick in Q1
One thing May ids really, really good at is///…...LYING!!!
I 100% agree with this but can’t help but feel a May v Corbyn debate, as floated, is precisely the debate a lot of people deserve
UK carmakers warn no-deal Brexit would be ‘catastrophic’ | Financial Times
The so-called United Kingdom
Look I’m getting really tired of this. Brexit was always about sorting out an English Union Tory mess. I sincerely hope the SNP MPs are close to the HOC exit to choreograph a firm exit.
Why do we have a team in court in Brussels to see if we can reverse brexit?.... is this more conspiracy from hard Remainers if they don’t get there way. Brace yourself and we must stand firm on this. Why do we want to stay in bed with these deceitful people.
Is it a dead duck already? #Brexit is a duck #DuckMeansDuck #Wales #WalesIsRemainNow 54/46
Nightmare before Christmas
Still on #Brexit - will introduction of MOT type tests mean smaller garages are at a disadvantage? Deputy Lewis explains the need to meet requirements of Vienna Convention if islanders are to drive on the continent. SOJ will do the work on cost recovery basis #meettheministers
So a binding motion can be regarded as non-binding, but an advisory referendum is binding? No10 trying to limit parliamentary sovereignty? #StopBrexitSaveBritain
So Brexit does not affect Scotland? What arrogance.
These people are stupid. The MSM exposes their manipulated the narrative. #WWG1WGA #qanon #Brexit #BuildTheWall
Are you scared of a #Brino?.. You'll need a #BrActionDay for that! #BrexitActionDay Coming to a location, near you, in the UK soon... #brexit
Corbyn’s EU SNUB: Labour leader rejects Brussels pleas and pledges to BLOCK Brexit
Downing Street will not publish full Brexit legal advice, will only give MPs "full, reasoned position statement" ahead of the vote. Sets up a massive showdown with the House of Commons which passed a binding motion which called for "any legal advice in full" to be handed over.
It would seem so
Sorry BoBs, we are never going to stop trying to give the British people a chance to check enough of us still want Brexit now it's clearer what it really means. Because #BrexitIsBonkers #EuRef2 #FinalSay #PeoplesVote #IShoutWithSODEM #StopBrexit
We're in some random chain pub in Wellington, Shropshire and the pub's absolutely red-faced rich boy owner is losing his shit about the necessity of eliminating food tariffs in an equally necessary No Deal Brexit in a six page pamphlet on every table. Mainland England rules
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
and thousands of ‘new’ citizens are just Brits with Irish heritage hedging their bets after the brexit ref
Mel, we are trying to stop brexit...so no need for a backstop. For that we need to call out every lie and inconsistency with each and every rubbish brexit plan. That's all.
Brexit is stupidity with people egged on by an unregulated out of control media. If the tories are unelectable and the media regulated after this then at least some good will be achieved. #leave
#UKIP #Brexit I am sorry that has quit our party, but wish him well for the future I fundamentally disagree with him about the direction we are taking. #TommyRobinson is going to be a huge ASSET to UKIP, as our membership demographic continues to evolve
This is doing the rounds. Funny how life imitates art. Alan B'Stard makes the case for #Brexit
Please just kill BREXIT once and for all, and let us keep on with our lives
Deal 'inferior' to current. Introduces barriers to new entrants. New aviation forcasts needed?
Brexit will save us, right?... shall we get the sharks out?
Business Secretary Greg Clark at car industry annual dinner trying to sell PM’s Brexit deal to the room. “It’s a fair deal &amp; considerable personal achievement by the PM ... been determined to put the working men &amp; women you employ first, ahead of pressure she’s been under.”
From what I've seen, most of us would support Labour - if they'd sort their shit out on brexit.
“She has ignored Scotland, paid off Northern Ireland and is indifferent to Wales,” said Burgess, who has joined the nationalist party Plaid Cymru because he trusts its stance over Brexit. “I’m saddened and distressed about what’s going on…”
So you won’t be reopening any of those coal-mines then? Or supporting a clean Brexit so we can invest in a re-nationalised nuclear industry? Or even a re-nationalised Met Office?
#Brexit #FBPE “If you are confident in your position there should be nothing (in a debate) that worries you” Except May is a Liar Fraud Charlatan Coward Fearty Incompetent Racist Peddling desperately for her survival &amp; the rag tag shysters in her party
This will be the UK if #brexit is not delivered..peaceful protest bringing the country to a stop
Fresh row looms as No 10 refuses to publish full Brexit legal advice. This government’s deceit is without recent parallel. Hopefully Labour will keep the pressure up to good effect.
Brexit Secretary.
She’s definitely f*cked.
Downing Street succeeds in blocking from leaders debate showing the very unhealthy, undemocratic and dangerous amount of power the British state holds over the British media
I’ll be there!!* *because, frankly I get paid to be
So AJ, time to stop posing a threat to the public with brexit and being a fake. You’re a danger to all humans no matter what age. Really time to get u &amp; Tories off the streets. Especially when David Cameron is effectively still in no 10. Totally illegal parties also. #speedballer
The unemployment rate is at its lowest point in decades &amp; wage growth has surged above 3% as EU migration to UK slows ahead of #Brexit, and Project Fear is trying to scare us with talk of losing a few % points of GDP growth over 11 years?
Britain’s prime minister is fighting a three-front battle to save her Brexit deal. The prospect of losing power to Jeremy Corbyn might motivate Conservatives to abandon her as leader.
Or, should that happen, she could go back to the EU and tell them to make us a better offer. Geez Lammy this is negotiation 101 #Brexit
Astonishing-exposure of Empire attitudes in all their glory!!!!!! It will come back to haunt them!!
I am so disappointed in JC, he was meant to be different. But time and again he’s been a crushing let down on brexit.
Or no Brexit, either by revoking art50 if possible, or referendum.
Try a dose of reality ...
The Government is bending every sinew in its headlong attempt to provide as little information to MPs before the Brexit meaningful vote as humanly possible! Now it’s emerged that MPs may not receive the white paper on the future of immigration.
Feel like watching paint dry anyone?
So well deserved Carole Cadwalladr wins Foreign Press award for Trump and Brexit work
It's slightly discouraging how many people buy into the logic of: 1) Labour instil an anti-Brexit Leader 2) ??? 3) Brexit Magically Stops But hey ho, it's hardly the craziest thing in politics atm...
We have to wait for the Brexit clowns to eat themselves first.
May strong and stable would she ??? 'Debate someone who believes in Brexit,' Boris challenges May
Britain clears trade hurdle ahead of Brexit
Farage appear on Fox News hours before Trump's Brexit outburst via
Job centre time.
And they say Brexit is going to ruin the country I think it’s in a state of disrepair because our laws, Security, safety on the streets are doing sooo well by us being in the EU aunt they the country really works as it was. I certainly don’t think so it’s time for a change
Trump Disparages Brexit Deal, Blindsiding May
This old Fry and Laurie sketch is going viral because it basically sums up #Brexit
Steve Bell on Trump savaging May's Brexit deal – cartoon
He doesn't vote against Brexit.
We Spoke To That Guy Who Keeps Shouting "Stop Brexit" Outside Parliament via
Yes, Donald Trump is talking perfect sense on May’s Brexit deal
#Markets lower on #Brexit, Italy &amp; US-China woes
Some will leave. A Reason is that UK medical people can have better lives in Australia &amp; other countries. There are global shortages &amp; to keep numbers as high as possible it must be easier to enter UK than Brexit offers.
TRAITOR may, you can pull out all the stops you want!!!! The British people will not accept your crappy deal!!! Some of your mp's might? But we never will!!!!
Great speech by bringing the meeting back to the injustices our residents are facing Now powerful from why the brexit deal must be voted down &amp; how he has united the to vote it down as unequivocally bad for our country #StopBrexit
Surely if it's a brexit debate then the issue is brexit? Brexit however obnoxious sounding a word as it is standing for britains exit from the eu, if it was to 'abort' brexit do you think Theresa May would be there doing anything other than a rallying cry to hard liners like?
Games4EU Protests Brexit With 1,000 Games Industry Signatures
Steve Bell on Trump savaging May's Brexit deal – cartoon
You’ve got the best Brexit that the EU is prepared to offer, dear. #realitydenier
"NNT is like #Brexit". Discuss....
#Brexit: #British youth lobby MPs for second referendum
Theresa May's main problem in the next few weeks will not be fending off half-baked leadership plots but pushing her Brexit deal through Parliament
This #Brexit malarkey has everyone messed!
(Theresa May confirms Brexit vote date as she endures hostility over deal) Theresa May warned MPs "there is not a better deal available" as she confirmed a crunch vote on her Brexit agreement will... -
Nicola there’s a problem. Your voice is not a UK voice. Nor are you likely to expose Labour’s heavy equivocation and failure to tackle the issue properly.
And people wonder why Labour is doing so badly in the polls after 8 years of Conservative govt and a chaotic #Brexit. SMH #TuesdayThoughts
Article 50 is revocable, the Irish backstop will be perpetual, Brexit cannot ever work. The people were asked to vote for something that could never be delivered.
Remember many of us here in the UK will be pleased to stay in the EU and play a major part in reform information and enhancing it
Great watch: Jacob Rees-Mogg on form as usual! Jacob Rees-Mogg's LBC Phone-In... #Brexit #EU
Theresa May's main problem in the next few weeks will not be fending off half-baked leadership plots but pushing her Brexit deal through Parliament
Yes, Donald Trump is talking perfect sense on May’s Brexit deal
Are you fighting for justice for others locked up unfairly abroad or just those accused of spying ? #BBC #MathewHedges #UKIP #Brexit #TommyRobinson #MasterChefUK #Rashford #UAE #Iran #Soros
Make sure you don't concede anything in regards to sovereignty this includes jurisdiction of our waters. Thanks
I cannot believe i am actually agreeing with this for once ... Trump says Brexit agreement may hamper U.S.-British trade; UK differs
This xenophopic and insular country is a complete shit show. This is what we get for allowing the likes of Farage, Robinson and all the other Brexit knuckle draggers to have their day. I'm increasingly ashamed to be British.
thanks for sharing clip of Steve Bray. Sadly, come Brexit I think he will struggle to find Poles of any length in the UK.
Theresa May Will Visit Brussels This Week As She Faces Down Brexiteers Over Her Deal via
The question seems to be less whether the Trump Campaign colluded and more how many countries it colluded with. #Thanksgiving #Trump #TrumpLies #PaulManafort #Manafort #MuellerKnowsEverything #MuellerIsComing #Russia #Ukraine #SaudiArabia #KhashoggiMurder #Brexit #TearGas
I swear she's on the side of the criminals. Best thing to do is resign, take Theresa May and the shit Brexit deal with you too
Vince Cable Curries Brexit
Jones is a lunatic, this is a Brexit march
BBC reports huge problems with mental health in this country.. could that explain Brexit?...
Very bright persons pretending ironically to be slightly dull is my new favorite #genre. (Actually it's an old genre, but it's still very good, so who cares?)
"Never in the field of human politics, so many owed so much to so few"
“Look, it may be a pile of poo, but everyone’s bored with Brexit so the sooner we can get it done, the less time people have to notice I’ve handed over 39 billion quid to Barnier for nothing" - Think that sums it up what #MayMustGo will be saying over the next 2 weeks
The EMA also publishes drug applications too. If Brexit is all about bringing back decision making and "sovereignty", I don't know why blindly trusting the US system helps. The US is not as exceptional as it once was.
May heads to Scotland as Brexit deal founders in Westminster - Number of Tory MPs opposing proposal rises as PM attempts to win support around the UKTheresa May takes her Brexit publicity blitz to Scotland on Wednesday, as opponents of her deal scramble to plan for the chaotic...
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
That isn't the only choice though is it?
Big publicity push needed now for WTO Brexit
"With Persistence and Resistance we will Surely go the Distance!" Don't think America is ready for a President that talks like Dr. Seuss
Maybe May should roll this out, I believe Mr Fry more #Brexit
‘Brexit Deal’
When we're in meetings with our Centres for Disease Control colleagues I have to be careful not to describe STIs as French Disease. Your lunch people are the type likely to have internally contradictory views on Brexit.
Contingency plans for a no-deal 'hard Brexit' scenario approved by ministers (via )
Exactly. Brexit is NOT outside of our control. That is why there are the Peoples’ organisations demanding a Peoples’ Vote.
Pinky and Perky tell leavers brexit is good and they believe it - we want our sty back
The orange order are increasingly irrelevant.
I voted leave but do not support disgraceful Brexit deal, I’m from constituency I will not be voting for her again and will vote to deselect if she side with #Maybot
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Vince Cable Curries Brexit
Leading UK Games industry figures and companies reject Brexit deal
Theresa #May heads to Scotland as #Brexit deal founders in Westminster
#FBPE is a tag used by people who want to stop Brexit &amp; share information. That’s it. We have a common goal but we’re otherwise a mix of people. If you find some you don’t like, it’s akin to meeting a Scots bloke you dislike and saying you therefore dislike all Scottish people.
I know Urethra Johnson is pro-Brexit, but that's just cruel.
Gove more WMD than a secret weapon ?
The latest Colonial USA Senate! #brexit
How you can get involved in your local grassroots anti-Brexit campaign
LibDems have disrespected Brexit since day one.
Your brexit as zilch zero or in plain English NO FUCKING CHANCE of getting through the commons, so change the bloody record!
Frustration? Tell you what I'm frustrated by... This xenophobic harridan being Prime Minister! #StopBrexitSaveBritain
EU-already the ruling Board (pay attention to the hangman's noose around the neck of Brexit) will benefit by NWO here. They will promise CERTAIN US Politicos a very nice stippend &amp; keep their plan in place, eventually taking ownership as leaders of GLOBAL NWO. The New Dark Age.
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral via
Will May’s one-woman tour succeed in selling her Brexit deal?
Boris Johnson: Brexit TV debate must include a proper Brexiteer, not just May and Corbyn - The Telegraph
Batten: "Tommy Robinson is on our side in regards to #Brexit" via
That was never going to happen. Empty promises.
Given most of what you and your brexit ilk have offered thus far has been bluster, where's your proof??????
That's why I don't join political parties. I'm a maverick. I think the SNP's support for a second EU referendum is out of desperation to keep UK in EU because it knows that Brexit means Scotland will start independence outside EU and will remain outside so long as rUK's outside.
With #Brexit talks on the rise, find out how a 'No-Deal' Brexit could impact the #property market
an advisory referendum ... ADVISORY has now been morphed into some sort of God given thing equal to an 11th Commandment!! #Brexit is just racism writ large
(Brexit: British youth lobby MPs for second referendum) has been published on Cyprium News -
No-deal Brexit could hit F1 races around Europe, says McLaren chief you may have pointed this out sometime ago lol.
If they won't publish the full legal advice (which they promised to) then how can they think that this shambles of a deal will be voted through? MPs will realise that the deal contains some dodgy caveats!
Brexit deal is ‘best possible' says EU minister
With Laffer Mackay in charge of the economy everyone in Scotland on a decent income will be poorer. Everyone with a business will be wondering about the viability of the business because of the rates. Tumble weed blows through Scotland
BREXIT BOMBSHELL: EU27 draw up tough new demands to lock UK into joint fisheries deal
Ruminating on hard Brexit. Critics need to have a more balanced perspective. If there's downturn in the value of the pound/rapid inflation, it guarantees the #NHS will get that £350 million per week. #logic #brexit #thoughtful
What if it snows on the 29th of March? All the food we're stockpiling will be panic bought by the 30th. We really could be up plop creek without a loo brush you know #Brexit #BrexitAgreement
Thanks to Brexit, foreign states are now arresting and killing British spies who masquerade as research students and DJs. #IsolatedUK #BrexitDividends British radio presenter is found murdered in his Lebanese apartment
Don't forget Legatum: not the only think tank. And those offshore investors in UK real estate. Developers have lobbied for years to get this deregulation nirvana (+ access to public assets) so when it came to funding it in 2016, they poured their money at #Leave.#Brexit #mcmafia
Which one is proper Brexit Julia? Chequers? BRINO? Canada? No-deal? Norway? Canada++? Is it Norway++ or is it Super Canada. I do with brexiters would tell us which one is proper
Cameron does stand accused of creating the #Brexit mess that we have today. Party before Country. So very weak. Makes John Major look like a Titan.
Listening to today’s piece on migrants in Calais trying to get into the UK, I can’t help but think that the timing of this news is suspicious. Am I being cynical? I sincerely hope this isn’t a ploy to strengthen anti-immigrant Brexit sentiment. It wouldn’t be the first time.
'People were sold a lie': Ruthin restless over May's #Brexit deal
Particularly the continuation of the stance on ever closer Military Unification
Trump’s Brexit bomb is a brutal reminder that May’s work has barely started | Gaby Hinsliff
WOW THATS FROM DISTANCE ITS SECOND PEAK THATS #amazinggrace AMAZING THATS THE ANCIENT GODS #win #GodsPraiseroom #goodmorningbritain #GODMORNINGBRITAIN #ancientegypt #ancestryhour #bearday #UKChampionship #OPENNEDYOUR MIND #Brexit ##WalesJobs #waleslive #photography
Surely you know the catastrophic effect a hard Brexit will have on our currency and markets. A deal which allows further negotiations has to be better
I think I kind of see where you're coming from with that Norway thing but I have issues. The EU has, quite rightly after two years of nonsense, told us no more negotiating, it's this deal,no deal or no brexit. We want to remain, so no brexit please
The Plot deepens - May told to quit by some MPs in return for backing her Brexit Deal - What a Shower - it is not the Brexit Deal they want rid of - it's her - And we elect these Toads - sorry animal kingdom toads I didn't mean offence
Britain clears trade hurdle ahead of Brexit via
I'd like to agree, but can't. It's an irresponsible position to take. And if Brexit were stopped, then a GE would pretty much forced on tories.
Brexit: Theresa May denies 'rolling over' on deal #Brexit #TheresaMay #BrexitCrisis #ArleneFoster #NorthernIreland #Wales #BrexitChaos #PeoplesVoteNow #BrexitDeal
Please include all party leaders
Greg Clark, MP, Secretary of State for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy : “The (#Brexit) deal is not perfect, but it was always clear that there would be further negotiations to come. They will be tough, but we will continue to fight for the automotive industry” #SMMT
Looks like no Brexit
You’re are correct Mr Lammy we need a referendum on the deal..May’s deal v WTO rules....to finally put brexit to bed..
Pretty clear that the Telegraph is trying to do its best, along with its brexitcoup collaborators, to engineer a no deal....
This is a great #RemainerNow story, featured in Swindon local paper, excellent to see.
Is Teresa May getting the #Brexit deal through a #ChristmasChallenge18 or Mission she wants a #brexit TV debate.I detect a general election with #Momentum watching in the wings out FTSE
BRITAIN'S ENEMY IS ITS OWN RULING CLASS,UN report. #skynews #skypapers #bbcdp #lbc #lbclive #talkradio #altnews #brexit #remain #london #cityoflondon #news #breakingnews #uknews #labour #tories #trump #toryparty #ukip #conservatives
Amazingly she said she was born &amp; bred a conservative .Saw no irony in that 3 conservative MPs on the panel each with a different Brexit . All against Teresa May's version.
"Corbyn himself does not seem ... interested in Britain’s EU membership. His most commonly stated preference since the referendum has been to leave on terms that remove the UK from single market rules on competition and industrial subsidy (a pretty hard Brexit)."
"Corbyn’s ideal outcome would probably be to get Brexit with none of the blame for Brexit."
2 leaders debating over who can provide the less shittier deal doesn’t appeal at all. #Brexit
UK doesn't exist. Thanks Brexit
. Over to you. Wanna come up with a better format? Ideally with participants from across the UK who have some kind of emm...clue #Brexit
Sadly he clearly isn't. His personal dislike of the EU has been ruling his actions (and inactions) for 2 years now. He is not prepared to put the country's interests above his ideology. I wonder how many of his younger voters will vote for him again...?
Could someone explain what she has achieved to date and who are the winners in this "deal" Time to #DissolveTheUnion before we roll over the cliff edge. BBC News - Brexit: Theresa May denies 'rolling over' on deal
My 'Autumn round-up' - now on my website: #Brexit #Funding for #Schools #AgricultureBill #NorthernIreland #Community Engagements #Stroud #Environment #Jobs
Theresa May Rebukes Donald Trump As She Bids To Sell Brexit Deal
No, they don't. The debate concerns the delivery of Brexit. The only two parties capable of doing so will be represented. It's not X-factor.
Theresa May Will Visit Brussels This Week As She Faces Down Brexiteers Over Her Deal #MayMustGo #GetTheToriesOut #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy #PeoplesVoteNow
'No deal' Brexit catastrophic blow to British auto industry, warn businesses in new survey. Half of UK automotive firms already hit by uncertainty, with one in five having lost business. #SMMTAnnualDinner
How much money do you stand to make from Brexit?
Where is Tory as fuck in Glasgow that she’d go? Theresa May expected to visit Glasgow to sell Brexit plan.
If the pro-Brexit vote was funded by foreign interests, then its legitimacy is suspect as is the mandate to split from the EU. All bets off.
May heads to Scotland as Brexit deal founders in Westminster
To think there was a simple solution to Brexit all along! *snorts derisively*
Country living through one of worst policy failures developed peacetime state has ever experienced. Yet ppl go on taking about debates, looking for zingers, being partisan, allowing politicians' superficial mendacity to go unchecked. Ick.
I can’t believe she’s still there! The party as a whole need to grow a pair because if a proper Brexit doesn’t happen that’ll be the end of the party.
'We will take back our borders.' Theresa May or Donald Trump? I can't tell the difference this week after May's statement on Brexit and Trump's backward approach to asylum.
Not representing my views
Health sector discusses Brexit risk to the NHS
The most iconic brexit photo ever
And they say Brexit is going to ruin the country I think it’s in a state of disrepair because our laws, Security, safety on the streets we’re doing sooo well by us being in the EU ain’t they the country really works as it was. I certainly don’t think so it’s time for a change
Hey is that a typo? Do you mean 'flounders'?
Britain clears trade hurdle ahead of Brexit
The pound went down on Brexit referendum day against both the euro and USD. Yes or No The pound has remained at levels below those before the vote for Brexit against both the Euro and USD. Yes or No Two very simple questions with binary choices. Now can you answer?
Yes, Donald Trump is talking perfect sense on May’s Brexit deal | Peter Mandelson
With #Brexit heading for a car crash conclusion, if you are a manufacturing SME you really need to start thinking about risk mitigation within your supply chain. Leaving it until the last minute will be too late. ACT NOW! #Supplychainmanagement #manufacturinghour
. : “Why, with the army of journalists funded by the British public through the TV licence fee, has the BBC sat on its hands when it comes to #Brexit”. #DialMforMueller
"With Persistence and Resistance we will Surely go the Distance!" Don't think America is ready for a President with Alt Right Immigration politics but talks like Dr. Seuss
Name and shame them, it should be made public who voted for their treasonous deal #brexit
Brexiters need to organise with speed a publicity push for a WTO clean Brexit. No time to waste.
Yes, Donald Trump is taiklng perfect sense on May’s Brexit deal | Peter Mandelson
How exactly will deliberately making things even harder with Brexit help with austerity?
Jesus would not allow a brexit based on lies he would tell his disciples the truth and then let them vote again when they knew the possible outcomes to settle the matter once and for all! Im not even religious but I know enough of Jesus to know that!
and this , 'no impact on the economy'? NIESR: #brexit = GDP down 4%, makes us all poorer #brexitshambles #exitfrombrexit
Who still believrs Labour are a viable opposition? Impotent brexit cheerleaders.
As I wrote in a recent article, the primary reason that Brits voted for Brexit was immigration and the terrorism people have been conditioned to...
“No deal Brexit is not an option. It will harm our competiveness and cost jobs. We need the certainty of a deal and a smooth transition” Tony Walker, head of Toyota in the U.K, President of SMMT #SMMTAnnualDinner
May heads to Scotland as Brexit deal founders in Westminster
Looks like a duck walks like a duck ... #Brexit deal
Brexit should be at least two months behind us by now. Indeed, if we end up leaving in March on WTO terms (with three months notice) we'll have wasted 2.5 years, at a cost of well over £20 billion.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Are - Tony Abbott in The Spector gives a very good account of how to reformulate the issues. Please read -
Brilliant article on how Brexit is destroying the 300 years union of the Uk here at
Here’s The Inside Story Of What’s Really Going On With Labour And Brexit via
No Brexit then !
Your support for Brexit will mean more homelessness. You just don’t get it...
Quell surprise. Brexit: the world’s biggest con.
Why not have a ref on the deal. Three options on ballot. No Deal, May's Deal or No Brexit. I'm not scared of another vote. A preference vote would be best. Then as a Scot I'd like to see a Federal UK. It keeps our union together &amp; gives England its own deserved parliament.
*collective cry of white middle class men*
Boris Johnson: Brexit TV debate must include a proper Brexiteer, not just May and Corbyn
Thank you Tikay. It had to be the evening I have all the answers to Brexit ;)
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
Ultimately who can know the future..not me So your left looking at credible sources...I haven’t seen any source (credible or otherwise) that thinks NI economy does well in Brexit...but loads that say it’s bad. Add in actual business people..that’s enough for me
Most of us remainers have been really reasonable over brexit I think forcing a holiday on us reminding of this brexit mess is a little much.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
The far right is marching for Brexit. Will the left stand against it? | Michael Chessum
Let me know what happens. I'm interested in any growth of 'new democracy'. My meaning is that people make decisions and make things happen instead of their elected oligarchy. Like Brexit, though hopefully you will find a more consensual network for public transport.
#Brexit has been betrayed! Make your voices heard. #StandUp4Brexit Please sign and retweet this petition #Conservatives
Because this must be about Brexit. It can't be that the ban itself is pointless.
Thanks to other panelists and audience - really interesting discussion on the future of trade Trump, Brexit, China and more.
They’re gonna call for that new referendum any day now
Sadly we are very far apart, which I believe is the problem. Infighting amongst us, government infighting will just leave both sides losing. As you will find out IF May's brexit deal get's through. This is a lost to both sides and a terrible deal.
You’re just not saying what a “proper Brexit” is. You’ve not been saying it since June 2016. Mate x
Young people want a vote on the Brexit deal, it’s their future,listen to their voices
that’s what the brexit has done to England :’( relocation to Pacific Ocean
Surely on such a key issue the 48% ++++++ must have a voice !! After all Remain has support from prominent Brexiteers !!
Here comes “proper Brexit” now...
May's going round the Country like a cloud of gloom hawking about her rotting Brexit sell out. Sorry to break it to you - the Country is sick of you!
With parliament vote in doubt, PM tours UK to drum up support for Brexit deal
Brilliant article on how Brexit is destroying the 300 years union of the UK here at
'We will take back our borders.' Theresa May or Donald Trump? I can't tell the difference this week after May's statement on Brexit and Trump's approach to asylum.
Economists from Kings College London said it is unlikely that a market crash will convince MPs to pass the Brexit withdrawal agreement in a second vote.
The worst part about all of this is that these issues will have a greater effect on the public who voted for brexit than those who didn’t. We can still change their minds, many already have!
Hear hear:-)
I want exactly what Corbyn offered pre Referendum. Remain and reform the EU. Brexit is political suicide.
Did know that this group had risen to the status of "epistemological regime."
Ahh my mistake... Is it the Free trade deal advocated by Boris Johnson (of Vote Leave)? The Single Market deal advocated by Daniel Hannan (also of Vote Leave)? The No Deal Brexit advocated by you and Jacob Rees-Mogg? Or the May Fudge that some Brexiteers are accepting? #Coherence
Salvini LASHES OUT at EU for Brexit - ‘Someone in Brussels has DONE SOMETHING WRONG’ - read more - In the latest tirade in his ongoing war of words with Brussels, Italy’s Deputy Prime Minister raged someone at the European Union “has obviously done so...
Just from losing what?
Sorry, I missed out the best part, where he fumes about a conspiracy to stop Brexit by all the major supermarkets
Immediately prior to the #Brexit debate, #Tories tilt the playing field in their favour - using public money to promote their side of the argument.
Did the Brexit deal ever stand a chance of meeting the expectations of those who voted to leave the European Union?
Brexit #MayMustGo #GetTheToriesOut #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy #PeoplesVoteNow
Brilliant Laura. Disgraceful that the 3million most affected by Brexit did not get a vote.
So the FBPE ‘cult’ also managed to change the definition of what a cult actually is? That’s some powerful stuff. Perhaps they should have used their powers for stopping Brexit in the first place, eh?
So trump says, given the clause in the Brexit agreement that he is not sure that the USA will be able to trade with the UK? However May says we will..... Who do you believe? Well if you look at the agreement it...
Back to tweeting about brexit then, it’s not as divisive as bananas
This fella seems to have missed that Stormont hasn't functioned for 22 months, isn't coming back any time soon, and a majority of those elected to it support the backstop anyway (and would Remain outright if possible). The DUP does not speak for NI on Brexit.
Brexit.
make your minds up apparently corbyn has always wanted out ?so people voted tactically to stop brexit ? couldnt they have done that by voting no in a referendum would have been a lot easier ???
Theresa May looks EVER MORE likely to be taking UK towards Brexit no-deal, says MACER HALL
Yeah it’ll be brutal. Like watching Eurovision in Ukraine
What’s the bet Britain will meekly sign this, signaling the final nail in the coffin of the British as a proud independent people and completing their complete subjugation to the EU. Brexit my arse
If you’re a Travel Agent in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a debacle for you. If you live in the North East of England then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this failure! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Brexit has helped UK equities into attractive valuation territory versus other Developed Market equity. CAPE 15.5x P/E 15.2x P/C 9.3x P/B 1.7x P/S 1.1x DY 4.2%
Totally #Brexit #BrexitDeal
Remember that The Bigger Picture Society is hosting a discussion on Brexit on Wed 6th Dec @ 5pm
Done. Please don't renege on the Brexit offer.
I liked a video Jeremy Corbyn on Brexit deal: "Failed and miserable" negotiations - BBC News
UK's youngest Brexit voter has died aged seventy three - The Rochdale Herald
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
My verdict on Brexit (in Spanish) - “My generation has fears for the future because outside the EU the truth is that we’ll lose lots of opportunities.”
Time Corbyn was ditched
A travesty in itself. It's like deciding on the future of a country by having a vote when those who vote have no clue what it is they're choosing. Oh wait ...
Brexit, the gift that keeps on taking away
Yes please !
I’m still looking for answers. Under May’s deal. When do we leave the SM? When do we leave the CU? When do we leave the ECJ? When do we end free movement ?When do we get our fishing waters back ? The question is WHEN ? #brexit
It’s about time you learnt to read obviously you’re just peddling crap because you’re one of the loony few (Very few) that can’t see the effect on our economy of a hard Brexit
So -5.5 % GDP for the UK is the BEST CASE #Brexit scenario.
Honestly, read the thread. Its like reading a treatise on bluster over reality by people that have clearly understood nothing of reality either before, or after the referendum.
And you're putting it all at risk supporting Mays #Brexit non #Brexit
Yes, we need MP’s we can trust and aren’t self-serving. Dear lord, Theresa May really hasn’t got a clue and has no feel whatsoever for how her and her party are perceived. Gove is a little weasel man.
I find it hilarious that so many people featured on TV news shows down south are saying that 'it's a good deal'. How many of these twats tried to read the almost 600 page Brexit document? Aye. I rest my case.
OMG I just found out that Britain will run out of frozen Yorkshire Puddings within minutes of Brexit ! Now if only there was a way to get Yorkshires other than opening an imported frozen packet! Hopefully someone will invent it before Freedom Day ????
“The promises made to the electorate 2½ years ago have proved to be false and we are now having to take a reality check. A people’s vote will enable electors to consider tangible matters as opposed to ideals before placing a cross on the paper” Emrys Wynne
Desperate, desperate woman that MayBot. If *any* MP agrees to be blindfolded like this, resignation is in order.
She just want to show him up for the absolute clueless dick he is that’s all , despite her terrible brexit agreement , he hasn’t got any other ideas , and she wants people to see that , after all , many are blind to his incompetence and think he is the answer
Ok so I got the chance to ramble about brexit, self-diagnosis and trans issues tonight at an event with other neurodivergent peeps and god damn do I feel happy :D
Can you run SNP candidates in every constituency in England plz as it appears that Labour and the Tories have lost the plot. I'd vote for you on the Remain in EU mandate alone.
Brexit ==== we'lll fight them on .. the bitches we'll fight them with no breeches we'll fight out all their glitches we;;ll fight them like they're snitches we//ll fight dem in the ditches we@ fight them all them...
Earl Grey tea?
We assess a warning from the First Minister that the Prime Minister's #Brexit deal would make Scots poorer, followed by discussion about greater regulation in Scotland’s salmon farming industry. We then reflect on the legacy of Enid Blyton, 50 years on from her death #scotnight
Theresa May demands Brexit TV debate with Jeremy Corbyn but will not debate Nicola Sturgeon. Theresa May knows she would be out of her depth and increase support for Independence. It would be the equivalent of Barcelona V Brechin City. a mismatch.
How exactly will leaving the EU help OurNHS? All the medical /NHS unions are against Brexit.
Pretty much perfect
And here is PM saying no British PM could ever agree to backstop. And guess what. She has now agreed to backstop. She is a pathalogical liar.
Classic This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
BBC builds platform to block out anti-Brexit campaigners... and fails
And they stole our pensions
I think he would make a good Brexit Secretary, he reminds me of Davis and Rabb.
May's Brexit deal will deliver 5.5% economic hit, says new report
No 10 rejects call to include Sturgeon in TV Brexit debate
you are blowing the biggest chance your party has ever had. Answer my email
The Brexit you were sold is not the Brexit on offer. That is what has changed.
Jeez, it’s spreading, we need to find its R-nought, and identify patient zero...let’s start with Diane Abbott, and work from there. #CDC alert. #brexit
Brexit TV debate: May v Corbyn or a Brexiteer?
#DUP HAS ALSO REJECTED SO WE HAVE A FULL HOUSE =&gt; #SNP and #Labour #reject #Brexit deal as May names December 11 as day for crunch vote via
Welcome to Brexit Britain.
I have had enough
No, you idiots. The full legal advice says "there's an easy way out of Brexit, we can cancel A50." THAT is what the govt don't want MPs to hear.
I’m not your mate. Femi and I know each other. I’m more than happy with the current PM’s manifesto commitment as to what Brexit is. Next?
"We need a deal now, &amp; we need an ambitious deal for the future that guarantees frictionless trade with our most important market – nothing else will do, &amp; we urge all parties to remember what’s at stake" #SMMTAnnualDinner
Aye, she should head to Scotland - and then keep flying right over and onward to the North fucking Pole.
Nope.
Mike. For the SECOND time I am Irish. Brexit is outside our control. We would rather you remained but attacking the absolutely vital backstop is not a productive move.
She may suddenly find that her problems will get much worse if she tries to ignore a binding motion. She need to go
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
You're telling many of us something we already knew!!!
Defo some sort of weapon
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
here's the live Commons majority counter.
#Brexit won't happen even if we vote to leave the #EU in referendum, says #DavidCameron's father-in-law #LordAstor #Rigged #Yourvotedoesnotcount #Leavemsnleave
Parliaments Brexiters need a publicity push - at speed - for a WTO clean Brexit. No time to waste.
Tony Abbott one The Spector gives s brilliant reformulation of how best to view the Brexit issues. Most uplifting -
WHY DID REMAINERS VOTE REMAIN? #DontBackTheBrexitDeal #PeoplesVote #Brexit #LeaveMeansLeave #Remain
Will May’s one-woman tour succeed in selling her Brexit deal?
More fake news from mainstream journalists trying to influence Brexit
Brexit briefing pitched too accurately to succeed.
I don't get how they can see the damage Brexit could cause but are indifferent to Austerity and the deaths and misery is has brought about. Oh wait, I do get it, they are personally immune from Austerity but would be affected by Brexit.
Who gives a monkey’s
A good brexit? To where? Does anyone, I mean anyone have a list of countries we aim to trade with that the EU is not looking to trade with? Anyone?
And please include Caroline Lucas
Scotland's most coherent advocate sidelined in the certain knowledge she would come arms with inconvenient truths
If your in cabinet you are not a Brexiteer. ‘s deal is not Brexit. It is not even a deal but surrender!
Brexit means brexit
Meanwhile, the hero over here sits in prison.
Short question. Why?
Update - forum expected to be back up within next 15 minutes ish. Brexit and Tommy Robinson high quality debate will then continue.
Who’s up for a visit to Brexit World?
EU's top court to give 'quick' verdict on whether U.K. can reverse Brexit on its own
Simple solution, House of Commons puts motion to reverse Article 50 in absence of full legal advice being published.
I earn 12,000 a year, what should I brexit
Brexit innit
Brexit showdown: Theresa May eyes TV clash with Jeremy Corbyn on I’m a Celeb final night
#FBPE, please let us know! Which #Brexit issue looms greatest for you? (You forgot 'concern for the poor', , although its often expressed as scorn, of course so you may have missed it)
Well actually they both supporting the 2016 result won through your guys' criminality and cheating. This is your Brexit. In fact it is all, 100% your shit. You own it.
James O'Brien vs a deal or no deal or no Brexit via
Food warehouses 'almost full' ahead of Brexit
Far-left anarchist group "Class War" who attacked Rees-Mogg, now target working-class Brexit March
Truth hurts
What took you so long?
70% of Scots would back remain in a “People’s Vote” on Brexit via
"forcing a holiday on us" #ROFL
While I agree with you about about the reshacklers I'm getting a little concerned about final outcome. I want to leave the Eu asap but am beginning to believe that there could be an extension to article 50 or another referendum this would mean no brexit at all in my opinion help
Spot on.
You followed into Brexit. I always knew he was a classic upper class twit. I’ve always been a stroppy remoaner. But this has got me so annoyed that this is all I am writing at the moment. Want to shut me up? Revoke Article 50.
......Theresa May looks EVER MORE likely to be taking UK towards Brexit no-deal, says MACER HALL
Brilliant article on how Brexit is destroying the Union called the UK
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Liar and globalist, you should be thrown out on your ear.
I wonder how many people actually think that their own income will be reduced by £1600 per family member if the Brexit vote goes through. And did they perhaps miss her saying the word "could" rather than a more definite "will"?
Sorcha you are letting down the remain and even soft Brexit cause by insisting on Tory Brexit. Listen to Lib Dems, they are talking sense on this. Or Labour. Or the SNP. Or Plaid. Or the Greens. Or even some remainer Tories. It’s a *shocker* of a deal and unfair in NI terms too.
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
The manifesto commitment of the current government would be a proper Brexit.
Or She could just deliver brexit as per the result of the referendum in 2016
Vaughan becomes secretary for health wellbeing and sport: May 19th 2016. BREXIT vote: June 23rd 2016. Don't pretend for a second that ANYONE could hit the targets in place, in Wales, during Brexit... Impossible to blame him for issues that would be resolved if we had the staff
"On Monday, BuzzFeed News revealed the existence of a new crack team set up by the PM to work out how to keep her Brexit deal alive." via
Landmark case at Europe's highest court heard that politicians need to know whether or not UK can unilaterally halt Brexit
playin ranked wiv Brexit bruisers. they only go an bring a fookin blitz lion dokkeibe and the hole lot. blitz kills me. fukin ragin. throw controller at blower. boot dog down the stairs. drop kick missus. seething with rage goin local
May's Brexit deal rejection may open door to People's Vote - tvnewswatch -
Trump wants us to go down the Hard Brexit because he can see a lame duck that will have no choice but to panda to the USA to bail us out
'Move on and develop the future' Theresa May told during Northern Ireland visit
Maybe you should drive round Scotland with that on the side of a blue n white bus.
France prey to 'poison' that caused Brexit says Emmanuel Macron, as he tries to defuse 'yellow vest' protests
Reminds me of those Brexit impact assessments Labour made them reveal. The ones that were done in incredible detail/not done/were done. "The dog ate my homework" excuse? "Security considerations"? #GetTheToriesOut
Theresa May's main problem in the next few weeks will not be fending off half-baked leadership plots but pushing her Brexit deal through Parliament
I don't understand. I thought the EU was a paradise, and all its well-led peoples live in harmony and contentment. Surely that is why there is so much opposition to #brexit.
52%: we vote for Boaty McBoatface 48%: we vote for RRS Sir David Attenborough Theresa May: RRS Sir David McBoatface it shall be then 100%: Naaaaargh!!! #Brexit #PeoplesVote #FinalSay
Can you maybe frame your Remain campaign without attacking the backstop? It isn't much to ask given what Brexit had put us on the neighbouring island through since June 2016
&amp; HMG must publish the Attorney QC’s doubtless direct &amp; to the point Opinion. What are these anti-democratic excuses for hiding?
26. 16 September - LONDON : PapaD meets the Head of FCO North American Department, London. Like the Washington meeting, the topics were the structure of the campaign, UK/US relations,US foreign policy and Brexit. Again, a serious meeting.
I'll trade your #Brexit for our #Trump
Theresa May's Brexit deal is doomed - Sir Michael Fallon
Replying to They just don't care a shit about us but Theresa May got a nerve asking us to back her and her Brexit deal disgusting get rid of the Tory's
Extensive overview of biggest challenges facing EU in 2019, ranging from Italy to hybrid influence to Brexit. Yet again, the silence about #ClimateCrisis is absolutely defeaning. Guess it must have none to do with EU in 2019 then.
Totally #Brexit #BrexitDeal
Reading the brexit deal
Awesome response. Poetic even.
How Donald Trump, is was talking perfect sense on know why on May's Brexit deal | Peter Mandelson?
Its fab
Fresh row looms as No 10 refuses to publish full #Brexit legal advice
17.4m ppl voted to Leave the E.U. in its entirety. What do we get? the #WithdrawalAgreement ! #Brexit #StandUp4Brexit #DitchTheDeal #Conservative #PM #Betrayal
It was a set up from beginning to end. At OUR expense.
Where's the secret here? We've been calling him an absolute weapon for years.
Wow, Laura! Penny starting to drop? #ffs
You could participate in parliamentary matters, if you had any members of parliament.
The EU &amp; it's silent partner the EUCU, are themselves isolationist. You give up free trade with the world, for free trade with 1/14 of the world's population. Developed states have to pay to improve rural states, even if they have low per-capita GDP's; and you are shit at reform.
Perhaps the most worrying thing about this snippet is that there are people (like this caller) who have been so brainwashed that they genuinely believe that demonstrable nonsense they share. They really believe it. Scary, eh?!
OH NO!
Great Storyville on the iplayer - Poisoning America. Horrifying corporate greed and disregard for human life. Fuck brexit we are all dead anyway (throw away the frying pan)
Klare Antwort in diesem Brief I and roughly half the country will never forgive you or your party.
BBC News - Brexit: Theresa May denies 'rolling over' on deal
A credit to the Nation while BENT MP's are YELLOW LIVERED ...............#Brexit #BrexitShambles #StandUp4Brexit
This response to Theresa May’s letter has gone viral
Whose the “we” in that statement, Ian? It seems that part of the recalibration is forgetting about all the people who, *at the time* said ‘No wait, this is an obviously terrible idea for these simple reasons’ and who were branded traitors and Quislings. True of Iraq and Brexit.
“Dad, is this you [pointing to text book] telling us that Brexit is a load of shit?”
EU's top court to give 'quick' verdict on whether U.K. can reverse Brexit on its own | CBC News
(Obviously that is just anecdotal and random, but against the backdrop of Brexit and other turmoil, it certainly feels like Pandora's Box has been opened up - or, at best, is leaking badly.)
Brilliant
History more likely to condemn this Tory Government for gross incompetence and most MPs of all parties for their failure to put the interests of the people above their own self interest #Brexit
also #SNP full house of rejection; #Labour, #Tory hard-Brexiters and #DUP line up against May – as it happened
Support no deal via this petition. Time to reclaim the country and get ourselves out of the fascist superstate European Union. #Brexit
Tories defecating on democracy yet again but no doubt vast majority of media won't care
Pot calling the kettle black..... listen to the vast majority of the people you represent and support the deal!!!
People talk about a proper #brexit a lot, but what exactly does this mean? Is it simply no deal or is there an #EU deal that would be a proper Brexit. If so, what will it look like?
She is utterly incompetent.
I think that shows through in the proposed final deal.
Lemme know if they start touting Steve Greeley as the man to secure a responsible Brexit.
Theresa May has 'given up', Arlene Foster warns as Belfast visit dismissed as 'waste of time' via
I call on to ignore ultimatums &amp; autocratic posturing of these 2, party politics are irrelevant. Neither Corbyn nor May should dictate what WE see they serve US not the other way around! The 3 options should be represented, May, no deal, no Brexit
It is still only a fifth Dr. Fox...#BrexitShambles #Brexit #BrexitDeal
Her argument is solely based from the reaction of the five presidents report, not Brexit itself.
Gove ?? I'm pissing myself. A bigger simpering, cretinous failure would be difficult to find. He'd have stabbed Brutus in the back.
May just told us how to stop Brexit…
David Lammy cannot count.
I want to know that a #Brexiteer going to represent leavers as both parties have betrayed there voters 85% voted to leave single market &amp; custom union #BrexitBetrayal #MaysDeal #brexit
Also worth saying, that amongst the lies put forward on Remain and Leave sides, Corbyn was honest in his Remain and reform EU speeches. Had Centrists backed him, no problem. Instead they blamed him for Brexit &amp; tried a coup.
27. 16 September - LONDON : PapaD meets the Head of FCO North American Department, London. Like the Washington meeting, the topics were the structure of the campaign, UK/US relations,US foreign policy and Brexit. Again, a serious meeting.
Its time to stake stock of your business and goals for 2018. How are you going to maximise your business in the face of #Brexit ask us about #MakingItHappen #LouthChat #PauseTime
This is a bit like Michael and Me, but with chasing down Nigel Farage with questions about his various dealings [via ]
I lost 3 “friends” from FB today after posting an article on how Brexit will damage the NHS. I must be doing something right #dontletthedoorhityouontheass
I lived in a totalitarian country in the 1970s and recognise the signs. Shameful! Brexit is a hijacking of democracy.
He has had 9 op Ed’s -they have opinion writers who have been supportive and some critical particularly of his Brexit stance recently and there is much to criticise imo but there have been supportive editorials again their job is to hold all power to account
all part of her plan..debate a remainer..force a 2nd ref with her soft remain or remain as the options...Leave no longer on the ballot.. #Traitors #Brexit #traitormay
Fuck off back to your hovel in bumbletown you irrelevant simple-minded moron. You are nothing but a stain on Britain’s history and, thankfully, my children’s children will never know you even existed.
Note link in the Guardian, not one of the racist comics such as the Daily Mail, Daily Express or The Sun.
Hmm tried that for years to put a stop to Military Unification Military Union Would have got more send locking my self in a room &amp; talking to the wall than the Policy Controlers... Now look 48hrs for EU to do IT
Attempt to woo Labour MPs backfires as they say Downing Street 'treated us like idiots' during Brexit briefing via
"It is not that May won’t deliver on all the promises or fulfil all the expectations that were made for life outside the EU, it is that she can’t."
When you really should be in UKIP. Or the Tory Right. Maybe you can take”Blood in the Streets” &amp; “The Expert you get when you don’t need an Expert” with you as well. #Brexit
If you vote for Brexit and democracy then you owe it to yourself and to your children to be there.
She is that desperate #DitchTheDeal
Brexit
Brexit isn't a TV debate. Debates have a nature of arguing to the knowledge of the person you're debating. It's more about perceptions. Brexit requires discussion I.e Article 17, Status and changes, paragraph 1. The host State may require Union Citizens or UK nationals... etc.
What the #EU has done for #Britain - #Brexit is the greatest act of self-harm a nation has ever willingly brought upon itself.
#TakeBackControl doesn’t mean what you think. Tories already flexing post-EU, Henry VIII powers to make UK law by decree...
History: the endless repetition of the wrong way of living...
This response to Theresa May’s letter has gone viral
Too true. Looks like the boy involved is a Tommy Robinson fanboy which explains it. The Brexit movement has nothing to do with it, but unfortunately people are going to conflate between TR and Brexit supporters
Can I have a link as I like to put this on FB, I do believe it's happening #Brexit
A choice between May v Corbyn and I’m a Celeb? No thank you!
Hiring a removal van for 12 December.
I just checked that, Ed. This is the first FBPE-tweet that I posted; was the first tweep in the UK who responded to it and used it as a call against Brexit. Yes: it was fish.
Does your MP know the EU Institutions have just agreed we can still revoke? Please let him or her know by looking at the tweets of where the info is.
Heard Corbyn is whipping his MP’s to abstain on the #brexit vote .... go figure
Brexit Britain at its most disgraceful. I hope the Police get involved.
#PeoplesVoteNow is the only route to resolution. 3 options on referendum paper -May Brexit, No Deal Brexit + depart on WTO rules or Stay [Remain] + the relative benefits or otherwise of each option to be clearly explained with no interference by forces designed to destabilise UK
We didn't vote for Mays brexit..give us a people's vote and let us decide
We know the point of the debate. Compare and contrast Brexit and Brexit. 2 butchers line up to cut the country to ribbons. All you need to ask is are you a fillet or sirloin lover? The whole thing is just another pantomime to distract from convicted vote leave and the lies.
hi I am a lawyer in Gibraltar. Please read my pieces about Gibraltar and Brexit on my Facebook page Llanito World!
Be bored and fed up with Brexit at your own risk. When food prices go even higher, energy costs increase (who owns the energy companies) car prices increase, less nhs staff etc etc it will be too late then #Brexit #PeoplesVoteNow #BrexitChaos
The manifesto promise of a government that didn't win a majority is 'proper brexit' - but that isn't the 'will of the people' Julia
BBC News - Sturgeon: Brexit deal 'will make Scotland poorer'
I believe in Brexit and have done my entire adult life. I don’t let what wants affect me
Well the thing is, there is no need for a "hard border" in the event of a Brexit on WTO terms anyway. Leo, the EU, and a lot of ignorant (but smugly sure they are right) have been making the whole issue up for their own purposes.
Sorry!! Society will probably blame Brexit for this!!!
Has anyone ever heard Farage say something positive about anything? 'Teach us a lesson' Nigel Farage reveals his BIGGEST fear over Theresa May's Brexit deal
Re-reading Getting to Yes, by Bill Ury which is widely considered to be the bible of modern negotiation. It spells out, almost word for word, how badly #Brexit negotiation has been handled. Everything the Govt shouldn't have done, it did. Everything it should, it didn't.
Trump warns Brexit may harm trade
Oh lordy.....
This is not "gaslighting". Is there anyone alive who, if it conflicted with Theresa May's, would doubt *their own* perception? via
That’s a brilliant idea.....was gonna line the budgie cage but yours is a far better idea. Might even slap on a “bollocks to brexit” sticker before I envelope it.
UK government rejects Trump’s criticism of Brexit deal
Scotland will be £1,600 worse off per person due to Brexit deal via
The ironic thing here is that this bunch of twats will force a general election and end up with a left wing Labour government who will stop Brexit forever.
YOU WONT BELIEVE NUMBER 4!!! Actually you will; it's that we can't abolish the #TamponTax
Parliaments Brexiters need to organise a big publicity push for a WTO clean Brexit. No time to waste.
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
. &amp; will be joined by excellent panel at this public event on Thursday evening in #Enniskillen. Got questions about #Brexit and what it means for you, your loved ones and our community? Be there. Everybody welcome.
Time to give up on brexit. 150 kids who couldn't sleep are moaning. Best keep them happy lol
This response to Theresa May’s letter has gone viral
This constantly lying no good bastard should face the wrath of the people hang this Traitor
What I don’t understand is nobody mentioning the Queen made it Law to Leave the EU. TM saying her deal or no Brexit is unlawful. Scrap the deal and go WTO which is what everyone voted for. Why doesn’t the Queen bring TM to heel on her lies.
It won't settle Brexit, are you mad. It'll go on and on and we'll have no say. For goodness sake, #StopBrexit
MG is an absolute disgrace as a politician he has done so much damage to education, the environment and all the lies about Brexit. May’s secret weapon? More like shooting yourself in both feet!
'People were sold a lie': Ruthin restless over May's #Brexit deal
Which reminds me do decorate my suitcase I do have some Fuck Brexit stickers too Which is bad language Shall I try one next time?
Well, considering that America wanted to distant itself from the British but kept using their dumb non decimal measurement system (and actually introduced changes to it) I'd say the Trump's slogan should have been "make America great Britain again". Goes well with brexit.
Poor, corrupt old Nige. He just can’t get anything right.
heads to Scotland as Brexit deal founders in Westminster. What a crazy waste of time this all is, when there are so many crucial things to be doing, like dealing with imminent climate catastrophe, she’s doing this.
And Corbyn the fear of this Muppet is worse run Brexit
If you believe that with #Brexit, the UK government will stick to the EU workers' rights legislation, your deluded. Our employers aren't complying with EU regs they'll run around UK ones! One in four UK workers covered by national living wage, underpaid
#channel4 news who is the young lady talking on brexit. Democracy is to now gave a referendum on the current position now we know it.
Of course. The 'debate' conceived of as a set-piece to showcase 'country united behind our Brexit.'
Or walk out the door and say Brexit is stupid.
Couple prepare for 'No Deal Brexit' by stockpiling 'essentials' -including quinoa
"Donald Trump is talking perfect sense" is not a sentence anyone with a brain says. Britain is fucked.
Snap! I also voted Leave the EU for the same reasons! #Brexit #EU
The mayor of Edinburgh is upset. What a shock.
Tory divisions: the factions preparing for fall of May's #Brexit deal
Have we been upgraded to Project Terror yet?
But if Nicola Sturgeon does debate with Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn it will once again be two against one which is always the case when it's Scotlands voice
Just a thought on the #secondvote #brexit discussion. Is the vocal minority convinced that it would win a second vote by sheer noise or is it working on the assumption that brexiteers just can't be bothered with the whole thing now?
I don't see how the argument that clubs will have more English youngsters coming through works. We've seen before that clubs are willing to forgo squad places due to not having sufficient 'homegrown' numbers. No reason they won't buy through feeder clubs either.
Well, considering that America wanted to distant itself from the British but kept using their dumb non decimal measurement system (and actually introduced changes to it) I'd say the Trump's slogan should have been "make America great Britain again". Goes well with brexit.
Britain clears trade hurdle ahead of Brexit #business #globalbiz
and would rings round her! She's running scared!! Desperately trying to keep hold of the colonies/Empire by her fingernails #indyWales #dissolvetheunion
#Brexit: that’s what happens when you try to blackmail someone (EU) to get something, #DavidCameron and your empty threat (exit vote/idea of Brexit) gets out of hand and becomes a reality ... good luck
Packed ! #lw427, #lw503
Part of me wants to see you get your 'proper Brexit'. Then you would have to watch the consequences and own them. In a fudge deal you will forever claim that any problems would have magically disappeared if only you'd had your proper Brexit.
Yes, Donald Trump is talking perfect sense on May’s Brexit deal | Peter Mandelson
Don’t worry, it’s coming sooner than you think #Brexit
She can’t do that without 2/3 majority of HoC due to Fixed Term Parliaments Act so this story is nonsense. #brexit
I want a general election I want to get rid of this government and the damage it's doing to our country. What policies do the centrist have the right wing. That's what it's all about policies for your country people take us through brexit.
And no I'm not pro brexit. But austerity is the far more serious issue, independent of Brexit. Its killing people while Lineker enjoys his privilege.
May heads to Scotland as #Brexit deal founders in Westminster
A "Proper" Brexit - Something of which there is no consensus, yet all leave supporters will claim is their personal vision and supported by all leave voters.
Brexit is a fraud.
Arlene Foster condemns ‘offensive’ talk of ‘bribe’ for DUP support of Brexit deal via
The spectacle of a Health Secretary resorting to a self-satisfied tactic of sixth form debating to ignore the damage caused and about to be caused by his government to our NHS makes me feel physically sick:
Would love it if we had a 2nd referendum and still voted to leave purely because of how much of a total clown you'd look.
Which Tory MPs back Brexit, who doesn’t and who is still on the fence?
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Nothing to do with Brexit. Except: "“Along the way there will inevitably be challenges to be confronted and overcome, not least of which is the uncertainty created by the ongoing Brexit discussions."
We're in full on dictator territory now. The Government may not ignore a HoC request of this nature. Yet it has. The Brexiters have destroyed our once great Nation.
If there must be a debate -God Help Us! - a staunch Remainer MUST be there
Theresa May's Brexit deal will damage UK public finances, think tank warns
Fresh row looms as No 10 refuses to publish full Brexit legal advice
Ask him if he'd a better job of #Brexit than Teresa May
Nig best to start repositioning yourself! The tories have sold our brexit. You’ll be back! Best way is to take back UKIP
is this what's for dinner post no deal brexit?
This #Brexit stuff is rather depressing. Can we make it all go away?
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Agree
Disgusting betrayal by #Labour on the cards as it appears Corbyn will whip his MPs to abstain and let Theresa May win her Brexit vote.
Good point
The great big Brexit debate: May wants to take on Corbyn over EU deal The debate is set to be held ahead of 11 December vote on Brexit.
With Dems, media talking down the economy, Wall St pundit sees 12% growth in this coming mo. US should have no concerns with Brexit, some stupid lib co. losing shares, but look ahead to eco. power, giving investors power and hope while Dems ignore free enterprise.
UK car industry: no-deal Brexit could have 'devastating impact'
Theresa May strikes again, how many department's has she made a mess off. How did she ever get the top job? should of resigned months ago. Her so called Brexit deal will cause unrest. Has she released all the pages of the document yet?
#Brexit info evening for #queuejumpers and #citizensofnowhere.
‘Vote for the deal’ May’s Brexit deal will STOP medicine shortage, says Hancock THESE DINOSAURUS NEVER LEARN WITH THEIR SCARE MONGERING NONSENSES, VOTE THEM OUT
Spot on
No debate in Parliament, May and her government don’t want you to know this, it won’t appear on the BBC or in any of our media. This is even bigger than Brexit
Excellent summary on status of UPC vs German constitutional complaint and Brexit as well as on various hypotheticals spread by interested parties.
Also utterly wrong PV supporters are not represented and neither.
david miliband ... stabbed by his brother ... has not taken up his chance to change history ... i hope he is proud of his cowardice...
Concerns over the Brexit trade deal on both sides of the channel means that wine is being stockpiled ahead of the UK officially leaving the EU. Read more at...
Is an MP really suggesting we have to accept any BREXIT however damaging because of a perceived threat of violence from British Nazis? A threat posed/created as an argument by BREXITEERS. When those same BREXITEERs have compared the EU to the Soviet Union's oppression?
Our ideologies possess cognitive, non-emotional dimensions that transcend socioeconomic issues ———————————————Brexit psychology: cognitive styles and their relationship to nationalistic attitudes
Well blow me down with a feather. Trump and Brexit are linked to Putin.
It worries me that some people put #brexit down to "hate" yes like in anything there are fringes and extremists but this is about leaving an idealistic project born out of a war torn Europe that....but no longer relevant. Hopefully we can move on and still be friends.
5 Remainers debating Brexit. No wonder we’re in a mess.
Brexit deal gives Barnier platform for Commission presidency
So did Nigel Farrage who was driving Brexit.....dots forming lines.
going to show a report with 4months to go on #Brexit Had to laugh really as the are fools. had overseas staff come before the EU! Medicine will not run out as it not governed by the EU! No free treatment abroad, 90% of EU want health insurance, not EHIC
Remember that extraordinary day of Brexit chaos and resignations in Westminster? was there to get some first hand reaction. An extract from Today in Focus - the Guardian's essential, daily podcast:
Do the country a favour and resign yourself Lammy
. has said she won’t bow to the “huge appetite” among Nationalists to call a quickfire #indyref2 amid the #Brexit chaos.
'May heads to Scotland to win support for Brexit deal' Has to be up there with 'Johnson meets Vietnamese to win hearts and minds'
Brexit deal: Martin Howe QC responds to No. 10’s ‘rebuttal’
Corbyn is so power crazy and naive he just can't see what's coming on policially on Brexit, and rightly he will take the rap.
May and Corbyn agree to debate on TV over Brexit
Worst kept secret ever
we do not want to hear from you - you mislead the people, you have no plan, you only know how to oppose. We want leadership, we do not want #brexitzealots
Remember that extraordinary day of Brexit chaos and resignations in Westminster? was there to …etg
If they do it will be partly because of the Brexit shambles but more , imo, because of the enormous damage your party has done to the people of this country - your whole party has supported this wilful harm and it will not be forgotten. Not one of you has stood up for the people
Freedom of movement the only thing actually delivered (ish) that’s what most people voted for brexit for
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
Yet again Tories show their contempt for #democracy :X #NoConfidence #GTTO #StopBrexit #LeaveCheated #ToriesOut
My letter to Jeremy Corbyn: your nation is threatened – back a people’s vote | Gina Miller
Can you allocate seats for the European Parliament for voters outside the member state? #AskTwitter #Brexit
More fake news from mainstream journalists trying to influence Brexit
Trump Falsely Claims That U.S. Agents Were Hurt in Border Clashes
totally absolutely fucking pointless ...
Tv debates are as bad as referendums
Mr Handcock (sic.....or perhaps sick because we all will be) is costing us a fortune. Brexit is costing us a fortune. The Fascists teamed up with the Russians who started all this are costing us a fortune.
The far right is marching for #Brexit. Will the left stand against it? | Michael Chessum
Scexit is a really rubbish neologism. And, I'm still failing to grasp the evidence base of Brexit, so maybe watch the double standards?
Time now Parliaments Brexiters do a speedy publicity push for a WTO clean Brexit. No time to waste
What everyone wants to know in Scotland will all of the be supporting the failed Brexit deal?
The two most popular Cambridge Analytica adverts during the Brexit campaign for white British citizens: that Sharia law is coming and Muslims will be able to marry children, and that foreigners will eat dogs. (CA are very, very good at profiling people.)
I agree the Union could get stronger as a result, but think you underestimate Brexit support in Scotland and within the SNP (historically Eurosceptic) and its activist base.
Lets hope its her farewell tour
‘Support Brexit deal or RESIGN!’ Irish Hobbit Varadkar wants The IRA to BACK THERESA MAY and END abstention. If they are supporting May's surrender, and they are, then you know it is a REALLY BAD DEAL. #DontBackTheBrexitDeal
Foster demands May 'bin the backstop' if she wants Brexit deal to succeed via
Tory divisions: the factions preparing for fall of May's #Brexit deal
Brexit: British youth lobby MPs for second referendum
Oh dear
Immigration plans might not be published before Brexit vote, says Javid
'I feel sorry for her': Newry reacts as May begins Brexit PR drive
There’s no ‘Left Brexit’ – the EU enhances our sovereignty in building a just society
Theresa May heads to Scotland as Brexit deal founders in Westminster
They both support brexit
Why? The EU gets to decide who the US can trade with? I thought the US was it's own country that makes its own decisions!
I have been saying for weeks now that the biggest threat to us from Theresa May's brexit deal passing is from the so-called 'moderates'
Celebrity film star Eddie Marsan there, sticking it to the 200,000 or so completely identical &amp; definitely unlike film star Eddie NEVER REAL working class "poncey" &amp; "privileged" "academic socialists", by using CAPITALISATION a bit like an ANGRY MICHAEL BLOODY CAINE might! GRRR!
Got to be a #peoplesvote. End this Brexit madness
What to expect from a no-deal Brexit L: C:
This is great .. heard a London School of Econ prof disputing Trump Brexit trade lies on BBC radio this morning. Hard to keep track of them all.
UN REPORT: A SYSTEMATIC, WILFUL, CONCERTED AND BRUTAL ECONOMIC WAR by #ToryParty against the poorest &amp; most vulnerable. #skynews #skypapers #bbcdp #lbc #lbclive #talkradio #altnews #brexit #remain #london #cityoflondon #news #breakingnews #uknews #labour
'Norway-plus' Brexit option gaining ground, says Nicola Sturgeon
Glasgow isn’t Scotland!
Wow the actually put this on twitter! Don't know if it was shown on TV as I don't watch that Propaganda pushing News ( ha ha ha ha ha) program
Looking to speak to small business owners who look to employ EU staff and are struggling to do so because of Brexit #jou…: Looking to speak to small business owners who look to employ EU staff and are struggling to do so because of Brexit
Petition: STOP BREXIT
Yanis Varoufakis: “The EU declared war and Theresa May played along”
Attended the Cambridgeshire Chamber of Commerce meetup “Trading with Turkey” at the Moller Centre, in Cambridge tonight. Trade between two countries may be impacted positive from Brexit. -Already going well though-
The three biggest issues the Brits have with #Brexit 1) Borders.This was the largest driving force behind it. A nation that can’t control who enters doesn’t remain a nation. UK will have better control except at Northern Ireland. No hard border with EU member Irish Republic
And who are you to say most want a hard brexit. Ffs man, do you realise what you are writing when you are writing it
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Did you wake up this morning &amp; think “you know what I could really go for? ANOTHER constitutional crisis!”? Well, then there’s good news!
making a clear path with a geographical reality / britain is next door to europe europeans and brits are mostly alike, is useless to chop off normans and saxons with an ideology have a Brexit of nations on a united europe.
Didnt i read somewhere that it wasnt about the money but about British dignity (read border control)
This response to Theresa May’s letter has gone viral
No it’s not ‘subvertable’. You are talking utter guff. #brexit
Brexit does not necessarily bring the opportunity for reform.Parliament need to reform the nationality law now. I` m afraid if we look at it from that angle-if Brexit fails, then what is our next argument ?
The EU Is More Worried About Italy Than Brexit
'Riviera Legends Daily' is out! #pl #brexit
Brexit will give British workers the opportunity to change the social system and end neo-liberalism. Whether or not they can do it is a different question, but Brexit is a necessary first step.
Are Supporting #Brexit #BrexitDeal #BrexitAgreement Love Brussels Sprouts...Take Two
My suggestion for would be to pause Brexit, revoke article 50, ask Brexiteers to come up with a united and coherent plan and then promise to deliver it. Hell would freeze over before they all agreed on anything. Then we can get on with solving the real problems in UK.
May heads to Scotland as Brexit deal founders in Westminster
France and Italy dangle juiciest EU tax breaks for Brexit bankers - Financial Times #wealthTax #news
Wouldn’t it be sadly ironic if by the time Brexit is finally implemented, the UK is then more dominated by Sharia law than the EU.
Only an idea as self-destructively stupid as #Brexit could possibly lead to a headline like this being correct. But here we are.
1. The US has shown little interest in the UK under both Obama and Trump with Trump even saying yesterday that Brexit will have a negative effect on US-UK trade. 2. Russian-British relations are at a low point over the Skripal case and the Ukraine conflict.
Jezza has been found wanting. He did not spend 30 years on the back benches for nothing.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
God these Labour MPs are so ignorant. They just spout nonsense they can’t back substantiate. God help is when this lot are running the country.
Brexit: How did tech &amp; games industries fail? ''Challenging the British post-imperial exceptionalism can work through workers' empowerment and a pro-migrant agenda - not compromising by only defending the well-paid'' S3E4 of Left Left Up
Come on Jezza support the poor and the young and save them from brexit hell. Stand up for a people's vote now.
Saw the Chomsky interview shortly after in aired. Russia interefered in both Brexit &amp; Trump. I think Russia helped but I don’t know if it was decisive. Certainly Republican cheating, Fox News, Citizens United, etc. all helped.
We really have to pity these people. The sad thing is they haven’t got a clue and don’t care to either. They are simply not interested which shows how selfish and insular they are! #imalrightjack
TONIGHT: Theresa May has embarked on a whistle-stop tour of the country – Wales and Northern Ireland today, Scotland tomorrow – selling her vision of Brexit. Our political editor raced her to Belfast to see if it’s working 22:30 | #newsnight | |
Probably a student from a top of the academic table school.
Discussion on C4 news from Wales - the English people all want Brexit the Welsh another vote to remain. Wonder to what extent vote in Wales skewed by the English?
“And making nobody cuter for it” I’M USING THIS TO SCOLD HIGH SCHOOL KIDS FOREVER
This is why Brexit in its true form won’t happen. They don’t want control over our laws because under EU law our judges can abdicate responsibility
The Germans are wishing the English "'Gute Fahrt!' or in English, 'Good Fart!'" on their #brexit journey... #Tories #Newsnight #LBC #Satire
We are literally living in a dictatorship. Nobody voted for her or this bastard of a coalition.... #brexit #brexitshambles #dictator
She has tried to circumvent or, failing that, abused the rules of parliament from day one. She never answer questions, she doesn’t listen to anyone, she lies to everyone, promising what she thinks they want whilst telling others the exact opposite is true #brexit #brexitshambles
I want to know who she is working for, because it sure as hell isn’t the people of this country. #brexit #brexitshambles #dictator
Vote no to May’s deal. A civil servant writes: ‘From a friend who works at the civil service, on the Brexit deal and why it is so bad: "1. This is the only trade deal where upon signing, you are committed to it indefinitely. 1/9
Looking for a potential contributors to join a #Brexit panel discussion show in favour of a People’s Vote – please… ht…: Looking for a potential contributors to join a #Brexit panel discussion show in favour of a People’s Vote – please……
Am more interested in brexit and how that’s gonna affect the older generation that voted for it x
With her charisma &amp; joie de vivre what could possibly go wrong.
This response to Theresa May’s letter has gone viral
head shaking sadly at such BLATANT lies ..
Not at all and never have!! #PeoplesVote
This is the why of brexit. Its the who and what you need to keep pointing out. #FBPE #PeoplesVote
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
I'm not encouraged...
Brexit is going great, all is well.
New top story on Hacker News: What to expect from a no-deal Brexit
What, there is no money in opposing democracy and wanting to roll back civilisation until we are living in mud huts? I am shocked, shocked I tell you!
As #Brexit continues to wreck the NHS, the Tories cannot say how they will replace thousands of trained EU27 staff who are leaving the NHS.
Govt fought tooth and nail to prevent Parliament having an A50 vote, impact assessments, a meaningful vote, legal advice. Broke pairing conventions, grabbed super powers, lying on the impact of Brexit. May is no more than a tinpot dictator. #PeoplesVote
Shocking how this tory government keeps on employing those who don't have a clue and don't give a damn.
IATA: Brexit declaration doesn't cut it #travel
Should Nicola Sturgeon be involved in any televised Brexit debate? YES 77% NO 20% We don't need any TV debates
Is there anything more brilliant than #Legomasters on telly? Who cares about #Brexit as long as we get more Legos from Denmark.
Absolutely right
As I was arguing on the weekend, Scottish independence may be a good idea, but it clearly isn't a lifeboat away from the effects of Brexit. Just ask the Irish.
I just supported this case! via
a lot of stuff was promised, including frictionless trade, 350m per week in money saved etc; I maintain that as there was no ex-ante manifesto what Brexit entails everything leads to us leaving the EU discharges the mandate
The BBC is certainly very bias towards remain, strange that they will interview two remainers at one time and infrequently interview pro Brexit MP's and when they do, it's very brief and one sided, disgraceful.
That rules YOU out then Boris. You don't believe in Britain. You would rather sell our assets to the USA and negotiate a deal far worse than the one we already have.
I, DONALD, I’m not cousins with BREXIT Boors Johnston, Believe ME! I have MAGA hair!
Well. As an Irishman it seems to me that neither Remain or Brexit really gives a Dan about the peace process then.
Uggh
The UK’s largest independent producer of dry pet food is concerned that the health of the nation’s #pets could be at risk in a hard #Brexit A #NoDealBrexit could disrupt our supply chains &amp; damage an industry which valued at £3bn #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote
Brexit: May to return to Brussels for last-ditch talks The PM says progress has been made but outstanding issues must be resolved to "conclude the process".
Too soon to start alienating potential supporters. Many Labour constituencies voted leave. Corbyn wants an election. Once he's in you'll see lots of different stuff happening. Not just on Brexit.
One million #Viagra pills stockpiled in UK over fears of hard #Brexit
Thank you Tory Party infighting, just what we all need on top of everything else! #BrexitDeal #GivingTuesday2018 #brexitchaos #BrexitReality
'School me' on Brexit James. Pls school me. Your so knowledgeable on political issues and never try to push your opinion on others every single day!
The one thing Brexit has done is woken the people up to the utter ineptitude and banality of politicians and the way the country is governed. Just have to hope we remember &amp; choose far better candidates to represent us if they're deemed necessary.
Theresa May fails to soften DUP’s Brexit stance on North visit via
Per capita is per person, including children, right? So a family of 4 could lose between £2800 and £8000 p/a, on average. Some of this will be job losses, inevitably. £2800 is ~10% of UK median household income, £8000 nearly 30%. May's Brexit will hurt. A lot.
yes. thank you all, from USA carole cadwalla,
'I feel sorry for her': Newry reacts as May begins #Brexit PR drive
Not with this deal. Not when it makes the UK worse off. Put it back to the people with an option to Remain.
Why is it a good idea? Brexit wasn't a universally supported thing
Brexit TV debate: May v Corbyn or a Brexiteer?
In a new vote I would still be for Brexit
You do take everything for granted, thats the point, its the main reason Brexit happened. You and your fellow unelected pals in the Politburo are resistant to change, a stubbornness that will bring down the entire EU project in the end
Yes, unfortunately never actually believed what she said in public. She clearly believes that any deal is better than #NoDeal and refused to play the card. The UK may experience short-term pain, but #Brexit offers tremendous opportunities. #LeaveMeansLeave
The scheming Brexit libertarians spin delusions that are trapping us all | Nick Cohen
Of course it will, but only in the parallel universe where Is supreme being and Mickey mouse is his bitch. Let me know when you find it, sounds interesting. #MayMustGo #brexit
Your deal satisfies nobody, it's a largely blind brexit which gives away any leverage we had and lets us in for years of wrangling and uncertainty. It's a direct result of your party before country mentality.
Nate. The Guardian is not some random outlet. And the Trump/Russia story is also the Brexit/Cambridge Analytica story. None of these issues stop at our border.
Well at least a proper Brexit debate is finally breaking out. But still doesn't look like any option gets a Parliamentary majority
Fresh row looms as No 10 refuses to publish full Brexit legal advice | Politics | The Guardian
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate Please sign + RT. Thanks. x:-)
"When a debate isn't a debate"
May: Already regulatory differences between NI, Britain via
You Are Off Your Trolley To Leave And Have A Trade Deal With The #US The #EU Have To Give Their Blessing If They Say No The #US Can't Trade With Us... You Don't Understand The Regs Yourself OUT #JC4PM
Brexit 9 #BeatlesSongsForMillennials
Yes, Donald Trump is talking perfect sense on May’s #Brexit deal
That is the essence why #Brexit does not have any seance - simply it does not work! I can only kneel in front of this clip, and the deep wisdom behind it. Thank you! Please share/twit it further for #UK to avoid #Brexit catastrophe.... #ExitBrexit or forget any good future :(
BBC News - Footage shows people-smuggling plans over Channel crossing before Brexit "closes the border"
The impact of Brexit on selling your business: Are you more or less likely to sell your business because of Brexit? #Brexit #ExitPrep
This is an absolute outrage and absolutely reveals how hollow commitment to parl sov really is. The constitutional consequences from the govt ignoring a binding HoC motion are so serious that I can’t believe would be so stupid.
Cheap.labour is nearly in every industry now in UK. This won't come to Rich person door but atm it's at most people's front doors who compete daily with cheap labour. Gig economy has created more food banks who are in currently in full time work in UK let's get out ASAP #Brexit
scotland on brexit will we get say pmsl stand by for orders nicola then you can report at holyrood what you must do
"If you mention the word Brexit tonight, I will punch you in the face"
Kate Hoey: "I thought Theresa May was serious when she said 'Brexit mean...
I just say to #brexit after all the scaremongering in the media for nearly 2 years a no deal is the best deal
That depends on what THEY call Brexit. After listening to both, neither will deliver Brexit.
We refer you to the earlier footage of this clearly fictional comedy idiot failing to get a single thought right while recording a piece to camera in Portugal for his Twitter account. Despite detailed briefing notes from an increasingly exasperated aide. Moron.
Looking to speak to small business owners who are struggling to recruit EU staff because of Brexit: Looking to speak to small business owners who are struggling to recruit EU staff because of Brexit
JOB blocked me after two negative comments. Cuts down any articulate Brexit opinion on his SHow.
Latest Travel News from Nazia PashaIATA: Brexit declaration doesn't cut it
'We will take back our borders.' Theresa May or Donald Trump? I can't tell the difference this week after May's statement on Brexit and Trump's approach to asylum:
2/ Not trying to getting people to vote for Trump, illegal Clinton voter suppression. Where Cambridge Analytica came in handy. Powerful algorithms. - Few well selected questions, can predict you better than friends - Few more, spouse - Few more, YOURSELF
And here's a 95 tweet list of all that lovely brexit bonus that's been cashed in so far.
And wouldn’t it be something. No Brexit. A wave of europhilia propels a new gov, understanding the UK’s REAL strength, to rebuild bridges, make amends, reach out to our friends and finally work to be a force for good within the EU. It’d almost make all this worthwhile
Don't give up! xo #Brexit
May gone, Corbyn gone, People’s Vote, Brexit stopped, Remain
What to expect from a no-deal Brexit: Comments:
IATA: Brexit declaration doesn't cut it #Travel #Localguides #ttot
'People were sold a lie': Ruthin restless over May's Brexit deal
Thomas Cook issues a second profit warning in two months #travel
T May will be given the 39 bio back from The EU to buy the votes she needs to get her fake Brexit through and in doing so she will secure the futures of all those that back her. This is a rigged plan , The EU is over without us , they can not afford for us to go.
UK Parliament: Stop Theresa May's Brexit deal. #BinTheBackstop - Sign the Petition! via
On well said the Rev from #Powys re #Brexit: Cameron went for the referendum expecting to win - he lost and then resigned. Calls for a #PeoplesVote
Theresa May’s Brexit deal has achieved the impossible – greasy pole climber Michael Fallon has broken ranks - The Independent
Anyone remember these immigrants who went to Germany in the 1980s to steal German jobs and push down German workers wages? #brexit
Key word is potential, this means there is not enough data to back up this claim. It is a hypothesis at best and the outcome is not known.
If UK should want to join EFTA/EEA, they have to join EFTA 28 FTA with 35 countries, and then they can not be in til EU custom union. The Norway+ don’t exsist. #brexit
Wow, heartfelt &amp; rightly so. BREAKING IMPORTANT INFORMATION REGARDING BREXIT MEANS EXIT MARCH ON 9TH ...
And you can't claim project fear as it's a pro brexit rag
So what else is new?
Only because May and the rest of the REMOANERS are dragging it out ..Should have been all sort Months ago.. #Brexit #BrexitBetrayalMarch #MBGA #DrainTheDeepState #WWG1WGA #QAnon
while you mongrels ponce about with brexit this s**t is happening on our streets and going unpunished #politics #is #pathetic
We’ve come back from a hell of a lot worse ian, and still to this day not 1 person in the country knows how it will pan out, that’s how pathetic our politicians have become, we all knew Brexit was none negotiable with EU, they just wanted us to vote again FACT
#Trump has been pushing May for a no deal Brexit. By promising something he will never deliver because he has already done a deal with the EU. He is helping Putin’s plan to isolate the UK from its allies. #StopBrexit #MuellerIsComing
Subscribe Here to get a few chapters for FREE from the book Please #RT #gold #silver #stocks #trading #trades #markets #Investing #today #rich #education #hope #dreams #Giveaway #free #positivity #focus #goals #life #money #success #fun #levelup #brexit
Can't even rip off Jed Bartlet properly.
In law (SC ruling) a ref is non-binding unless Parl makes it mandatory. Parl did not make EUref mandty. EUNoW Act does not do that. So any MP who thinks Brexit-short or long term- is a bad idea has a perfect right to vote against it.
IATA: Brexit declaration doesn't cut it #keeptraveling
if you look at Spain right now, one in 5 looks pretty good.
Here I am pictured posting my Brexit vote, from Italy. Do you think it arrived safely? #bollocks2brussels
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
Now says that Electoral Commission is not fit for purpose and UK electoral law is badly in need of reform. Very hard to argue with that
Good question
This #brexit popvox on #channel4news with Matt Frei is a joke. What a bunch of bobbleheads
A no deal Brexit means:- We leave the EU No open borders No more money to EU No £39 billion handout Free trade with whole World Make our own laws Sovereignty returns to UK Out of SM &amp; CU Fishing waters back No longer under ECJ NO TRANSITION THAT'S FREEDOM It's what I voted for!!
I've been nice &amp; polite, thus far. Even when I've been quite direct. But, sometimes, that's not enough... So........... , when are you going to take the hint &amp; fuck off!?! Fuck right off to oblivion &amp; continue to fuck off, some more. #Brexit #brexitshambles #GTTO
Brexit right wing nutters creed 1 lie 2 lie 3 lie 4 throw in casual racism 5 lie 6l lie 7 xenophobia 8 lie 9 lie 10 ignore facts, reality, decency 11 sell out own childrens future 12 lie
Brexit Britain close to agreeing open skies deal with US via This is a prelude to what is to come. We will have an inferior trade deal than what we had under the EU. #stopbrexit #brexit
Help my #UK friends to stay in the #eu!
Horrrible, awful people with too much power.
It's going to be hilarious bringing up all the SNP's statements and arguments regarding Brexit if and when there is another indyref. My personal favourite will be the SNP's support for a second vote on "the deal".
Oh if only!
No-deal Brexit: No more warehouses to stockpile food because Amazon may have booked them up, MPs told | The Independent
Love u Carol...3 up and the world is a different place (world famine and brexit apart!)
How is a brexit debate the place to discuss domestic issues? He really is a fixated old fool
Wow, Caroline - what happened to you?! Stand up for Labour values and stop Brexit!
What is Corbyn ‘s Brexit strategy ? If you know , do tell us
Write to your MP today to tell them you're #NotBuyingIt. No one wants this dodgy #Brexit deal. Demand a #PeoplesVote:
The PM has been accused of lacking fluency &amp; confidence, by Channel 4 News Outside Broadcast contributors in Wales, during her replies to questions about her Brexit Agreement.
What is Brexit about?
The power of Brexit compels him...
Come on #PeoplesVote make sure you sign the petition on Carolina's link to make sure people vote speaker are invited to the debate. You owe it to her for working so hard
Careful now! The rate at which we’re getting through Brexit Secretaries, you’ll be getting a call from soon.
IATA: Brexit declaration doesn't cut it
The reason why people voted for Brexit,here it is!
The default is no deal, that's what I and alot of people voted for. Alas a great number of the house of commons are remainers too! But their view should be brexit seeing as the people who put them their want that. Even if they don't agree with the public.
Make no mistake. and (incl the branch office) are xenophobes. Happy to encourage and legislate to promote hate-crimes.
Dennis be the man we think you are and come out and work support independence.
Not what I said...There is no easy answer that is the problem... The biggest disaster for working people has always been the tories...Without the tories there wouldn't be a Brexit at all.
What to expect from a no-deal Brexit
...and then there’s Brexit
please #RT asap #economics #SPX #trading #options #brexit #Italexit #GRExit #stocks #markets #Motivation #today #SundayThoughts
Brexit has exposed just how corrupt,out of touch &amp; conniving the UK political system is. Politicians look down on British people, don’t respect our vote &amp; most are anti British preferring to support EU Dictatorship rule over our country. They are betraying us &amp; selling out UK.
What have they got to hide? *innocent face*
DUP Leader Warns Brexit Locks UK in ‘EU Straitjacket’, Could ‘Break Up’ British Union
Here is the latest Brexit outlook..
I sometimes wonder if all the light and heat over Brexit is just a waste of energy. Whatever “deal” is arrived at , or not, climate change will make it all seem utterly irrelevant. We all need to grow up.
The far right is marching for Brexit. Will the left stand against it?
The PM didn’t give a satisfactory answer in the Commons on Monday, when asked by JRM if she had forgotten the Lords advice that in a no deal Brexit the UK had no obligation to pay a divorce bill. She simply said she had taken ‘alternative’ advice. From who? EU, Attorney General?
As a citizen of the EU of Scottish birth, is it legitamate to be deprived of my individual citizenship of the EU without my consent?
Britain will head into unknown if Brexit deal is rejected: Theresa May
How is this a debate on Brexit?
Salvini LASHES OUT at EU for Brexit - ‘Someone in Brussels has DONE SOMETHING WRONG’
What to expect from a no-deal Brexit : Comments:
Providing the EU allows us out of the Customs Union, Single Market and Backstop. But they are awfully nice people. #PeoplesVote #Brexit #GetReal
That would require 2/3 of MPs to support having one. I don't think 100 Tory MPs will vote for a turkey on the run-up to Christmas.
Donald Trump sides with Theresa May's enemies on Brexit &gt; &gt;
Questioned on Brexit, health secretary says: ‘I don’t make contingencies for hypotheticals’ : Hancock turns out to be more Pooh than Tigger
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Can the UK unilaterally withdraw its article 50 notice? Big question in court today. #Brexit #cjeu
Interesting seeing news from afar. May couldn’t speak to a boiled egg let alone real humans around the country. #Brexit
Would be fantastic to see FM in a debate....
PM what's to sell the UK lock stock and barrel are we going to let her ?
This is crackers. Can't form a government for 6 counties but feels qualified to comment on Brexit deal?
I thought phoney contests were the preserve of professional boxing, BBC,ITN, Sky musnt fall for this pointless bout.
Worries me that some people put #brexit down to "hate" yes like in anything there are fringes &amp; extremists but this is about leaving an idealistic project born out of a war torn Europe and should no longer be relevant? We can move on and still be friends.
Brexit: Theresa May denies 'rolling over' on deal
Apparently, the PM is bringing her Brexit deal to the people in Glasgow tomorrow. Venue tbc.
Negotiating trade terms is a long, painful process – and a deal with the US may never happen • Peter Mandelson is a former cabinet minister and #EU trade commissioner The humiliations of Brexit continue to rain down upon us, but it took Donald T... #EUpol
'Norway-plus' Brexit option gaining ground, says Nicola Sturgeon | Politics | The Guardian
There are 2 Tory MP's I know of who will be backing #Brexit Deal they are #WyreForest MP 'Mark Garnier' &amp; #Worcester MP 'Robin Caspar Walker'. Both are wilfully ignorant of the views of their constituents &amp; need to go! #ToriesOut
Brexit always was and will be undeliverable, because as soon as they start putting flesh on the bones it can be seen for what it is. Much easier to shout from the sidelines and chuck rotten fruit. It can always be someone else’s fault.
Brexit was, but not the revocation case.
They both campaigned to #Remain. This’ll be the worst debate ever
3. China has little interest in the UK and Xi Jinping said in the past that China will prioritize trade with the EU &amp; Russia over Britain. 4. After Brexit EU-UK relations will be sour. The UK is going it alone by the way things stand right now.
The Leave dummy-spitting exercise has been going on for 40 years. Tragically, pro-Brexit politicians who ought to know better have, in that time, failed to grow up, and failed to work out what they would do if they won.
Really, then why support a PM determined to ignore Parliament an establish a dictatorship?
Trust Mike Harding to come up with a brilliant response to Mrs May's lunacy.
Please not Nicola Sturgeon. She will use it as a platform for Scottish independence and not reversing the Brexit decision. It needs a British individual with a brain, which is much more than any policitian can claim. Allowing Scottish Independence in will do more harm than good
Its important that the 1.6 million Scottish remainers and the 1 million Scottish leavers should be represented in the debate. #brexit
"If there is a no-deal Brexit it will be the worst thing that has happened to British universities in modern history"
Unaccountably, I rather like this tweet
'People were sold a #lie': Ruthin restless over May's #Brexit deal
What options will be offered in the vote? There appears to be at least three choices on the Ballot paper. 1. Accept the deal perhaps with minor tweaks. 2. Scrap Brexit. 3. Reject the deal and crash out of the EU with untold consequences for all but the wealthy
Needs no comment. But how many votes will have when the government goes to the polls?
Disgraceful and cowardly behaviour from . Their complete disregard for #Scotland will be paid back by our complete disregard for #Westminster. Bye bye #UK. #indyref2 #SNP #independence #Brexit
For the next two years, squabble about how awful this flavour of Brexit is, and then start all over again!
highlights how 's Brexit deal isn't worth the paper it was written on
#Brexit 2) Trade regulations. The UK resented unelected technocrats in Brussels passing laws they had to follow. This will improve BUT UK will still need to abide by numerous ones if they want favorable trade terms with the EU
IATA: Brexit declaration doesn't cut it
more treachery!
“Project Fear, Season 3” - Live now, non-stop until December 11th #Brexit
See ‘s letter in full:
What to expect from a no-deal Brexit 6
I just demanded that the broadcasters promise fair representation in the TV Brexit debates. I think the public should hear from anti-Brexit voices as well as Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn. Add your name to 's petition:
We have already had the referendum, a democratic vote and the majority want the UK to leave the EU, so deliver Brexit, no deals, NO second vote... just LEAVE. Or ALL the current political parties will be deemed unelectable! vote for
So brain box Morgan how would you make Brexit work and safeguard millions of jobs and get The EUs blessing, your mate trump has no idea who we are
Don’t worry, all those measurements are coming back after Brexit is sorted. You’ll soon get used to it again along with pounds shillings and pence (£.s.d.).
She never had a plan other than Brexit means Brexit.
That’s 3 things Lammy. You’ve been hanging around with Abbott a bit too much. There’s actually a 4th way too, and that’s to have a no deal Brexit....which was actually voted for.
Don't leave your wallet in your jacket if you nip out for a pee.
She won't be able to sell this 'deal' to man nor beast! just resign already!!!!
Can this become government policy on brexit pls
For reasons I cba explaining I disagree with the sentiment of this piece. But I'm still promoting the s*** out of this site so here ya go
They got one thing right. Michael Gove is definitely a complete weapon.
Trump: Brexit plan threatens US-UK trade
Boris Johnson: #Brexit #TV debate must include a proper Brexiteer, not just May and Corbyn
The people in UK voted for Brexit, now your receiving a watered down shit show. At least we can make our own decisions without globalists deciding for us.
Eventually the Brexit shenanigans on either side will become so desperate and convoluted that it will all culminate with Jeremy Corbyn being caught by a vicar with his trousers down trying to bum a sheep.
Boris Johnson: #Brexit #TV debate must include a proper Brexiteer, not just May and Corbyn
Yes - we use the term because some MPs used to complain about still being described as "remainers" when they'd now accepted Brexit. Not sure whether they still feel the same about it today..
How can anybody on the left say with a straight face that #Brexit and Euroscepticism is a right wing idea. The left invented Euroscepticism! #labourleave
ask she knows all carole cadwalla,
there's a definitely a monograph to be had on hysteria and Brexit. #brexageddon
This chap voted leave, but he called on his radio show to say that, now he understands more about #brexit and it's ramifications, he is a #RemainerNow. Respect to him. More regretful leavers should let Nigel know brexit is not will of the people. #PeoplesVote
the snake who stabbed in the back betrayed and slithered back to even though he knows #Brexit Is Brino #NeverTrustATory
She might think she has put brexit to bed but believe you me it certainly isn't sleeping. It's wide a wake and very very angry
The deal only works for the remainer MP's &amp; remain civil servants, (which sadly there are too many of), who have been fighting against Brexit since the referendum result.' MP's are supposed to serve &amp; represent their constituents.
Brexit is a con. The establishment have conned simple journalists and the citizens of U.K.
Four return to brexit island. Can’t say I’m overly thrilled with the prospect. But hey.
Trump casts doubt on UK's ability to trade with US post-Brexit - CNN
Brexit VICTORY: Gibraltar has fallen 'out of love' with EU in last two years
Fresh row looms as No 10 refuses to publish full Brexit legal advice
Steve Bell on Trump savaging May's Brexit deal – cartoon
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
So what is a "proper" Brexit?
How about putting it back to the people, as the majority of members want? Brexit, in any form, is now a clear path to further austerity, inequality and decline of public services #PeoplesVote
Usual Tory twisted logic !
Nigel Farage: May's Brexit deal the worst deal in history via
Please tell me why the greens are so hell bent on stopping Brexit?
Step 1: Find out how your MP is planning to vote Step 2: Write to them using If they're already planning to vote the deal down, they deserve your support. If they're planning on voting for the deal, try to persuade them to think
If this is true, then never, ever let it be said again that the UK is a democracy. Theresa May is a dictator. #Brexit #BrexitDeal
guitarcarl... I've also heard that Brexit means Brexit.
#Brexit #TV debate: commentators discuss possible line-up
#Brexit #TV debate: commentators discuss possible line-up
Sneaky. Use immigration to push Brexit. Quietly drop immigration targets. Next to go will be EU labour protections and the minimum wage. Then benefit cuts and Brits competing to undercut Indian immigrant wage rates. Just as Rees-Mogg wanted.
Because the aim of the debate is to scrutinize the Govt and the Brexit bill while respecting the referendum result.
Mad old bat
Brexit Britain. Kids picking on other kids for simply being Syrian refugees. Toxic racist ideology infiltrating the playground. Cesspit. Idiots like Johnson &amp; Farage have a lot to answer for.
Mmm! Perhaps you wouldn’t need so much help with funding, if you stood for things that the public actually supported and voted for, Brexit, for example.
Not really a problem if you relocate all F1 teams inside the EU and cancel the British grand prix.
UK car industry: no-deal Brexit could have 'devastating impact'
Media bias against Brexit &amp; against Trump has gone crazy. We voted for both.
BBC Breakfast: Brexit Ministerial Resignations
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
‘Of course Theresa May caved in to demands over Gibraltar – Britain can’t resist the allure of marginal power’
“Which she appears likely to lose by a crushing margin”
I think I'm allergic to bullshit... Reading the weatherspoons brexit flyers and can't stop sneezing... Maybe its dusty?
French whisky boosted by #Brexit
French whisky boosted by #Brexit
BBCNewsnight: TONIGHT: Theresa May has embarked on a whistle-stop tour of the country – Wales and Northern Ireland today, Scotland tomorrow – selling her vision of Brexit. Our political editor raced her to Belfast to see if it’s working 22:30 BBCTwo |…
Brexit deal will cost U.K. 100 billion pounds by 2030
Makes me sick. And this is what racist bastards like actively encourage. This is what #Brexit has done to the #UK
More fake news from mainstream journalists trying to influence Brexit via
Westminster seats decision for Brexit vote up to Sinn Fein, says PM
They did too
He's nailed it. Please read the letter.
Carole Cadwalladr wins Foreign Press award for Trump and Brexit work
Brexit: Theresa May denies 'rolling over' on deal - BBC News
love lbc and its unbiased reporting of brexit related news! lol
.If this doesn’t invoke a vote of no competence in this lawless, corrupt government, nothing will.
So the tens of thousands is dead Maybe we will have let in a few EU citizens How good would it be to have let’s say free movement of people to reduce any unnecessary friction?
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
People smugglers prey on migrant Brexit fears - BBC News
Yes. That Scotland didn't consent to Brexit is a better argument than saying there wasn't really a majority. Got to keep our eyes on the democratic ball. Btw I didn't know about the EU angle to the Ind Ref. Thanks.
Laughable, UK to run out of clean drinking wate if we have a no deal. They are scraping the bottom of the barrel now. But we could always drink English wine or British beer from
Poncey, privileged middle class London actors think that they know better than everyone else about everything. #Corbyn and #May were elected into their positions, we had a referrendum on #Brexit , who elected Eddie Marsan to lecture us all?
There’s a joke here about potable water..
Does anyone listen to this doom monger any more?
This post will receive LOT of abuse.. only proves point.. TRobinson BREXIT Rally 9Dec, day before Commons Vote.. I PREDICT A RIOT!
Criminality is criminality #Fraudsters #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit
At Lord Adonis talk in Bournemouth about the #PeoplesVote and stopping the huge mistake that is Brexit. Very inspiring! A packed hall. #StopBrexit #LoveBournemouth
As ever the giant intellect of London loony left. How about "deliver Brexit as ppl voted for it, as May promised in election manifesto"? .
Not if there is any justice
Reality Check: Is Trump right about the Brexit deal? Yes but is not all bad. No chlorinated chicken OR US Private Health Insurance. Maybe The Donald IS cleverer than he looks? Nah that’s taking it too far!!!
U.S. #Dairy #Export Council CEO Tom Vilsack says he's concerned about #Brexit #agnews #mnag
What did it say? "Brexit means Brexit"? "A red, white &amp; blue Brexit"? "A £350 million a week for our NHS Brexit"? "A have-our-cake-&amp;-eat-it Brexit"? Let's be honest: has failed to deliver *any* manifesto pledge let alone an impossible one! #NeverTrustATory
He is a fake! He gained support at the '17GE as he purported to be against Brexit. Now he will not support a Peoples Vote and seems determined not to debate against those who do. A leopard who will not change his anti EU spots. God help us if he and TM are the best we have!
What David doesn't seem to realise ,when May's deal fails ,if she calls a PV ,the options will be remain or crash out Brexit under Tories ,which could very easily win .
That's a hard Brexit but you can only get their via no deal. There isn't support for no deal, I'm afraid.
Worth noting that French Prime Minister Édouard Philippe, as former mayor of Le Havre, big French Channel port, is ** very interested** in Brexit and fish.
Ignore Trump's wittering on post-Brexit trade. (Finn McRedmond of Reaction pointing out that Trump really does talk a load of rubbish)
Brexit, pure and SIMPLE
Opinion: UK PM May's government can only ever be about Brexit me for
Who would win? Not the truth, that’s for sure.
BREAKING IMPORTANT INFORMATION REGARDING BREXIT MEANS EXIT MARCH ON 9TH ... via
Today, published its economic assessment of Theresa May’s Brexit deal. It puts the range of annual losses between roughly £700 and £2,000 per person Theresa May’s Brexit deal to cost up to £2,000 a year per person
GERARD THOMPSON DAILY PAPER is out! Stories via #brexit #ilford
Brussels Leads Charge to Poach UK Businesses from London Globalists eye London finance, insurance firms post-Brexit
Westminster seats decision for #Brexit vote up to Sinn Féin, says May
No Plan B #brexit
You are right. Still 98 then. (Two others were added after this list was published).
She wouldnt dare, the cowardly Brexit betrayer.
Brexit: What is it, and what are the key issues? The EU has accepted a Brexit agreement, but Britain remains divided.
Save her self the bus fare!!!!
Because the actual British population doesn’t live up to their test for racial, cultural and physical purity. If they win on Brexit it’ll be the next thing they blame. #ExitfromBrexit
There is growing support for a Brexit 'compromise option' that would leave the UK in the EU single market and customs union, Nicola Sturgeon, Scotland’s first minister has said
Companies aren't abandoning their contingency plans for a no-deal Brexit anytime soon
Okay, so it's a pretty bad time to do that right now because of the Brexit thing, for starters. My sister began the process three years ago and has only now just gotten approval. It cost a ton of money and she couldn't get full time work until it was resolved.
You don’t believe in Brexit though mate.
Yes, Donald Trump is talking perfect sense on May’s Brexit deal | Peter Mandelson
Of course she won’t. Not yet. She’ll need to wait for brexit to play out first otherwise soft no voters may well be wanting to wait and see rather than further risk with Indy.
You're fault all this Brexit carry on
We should sign away legal control of our own country indefinitely because Parliament is packed full of shysters. To be fair, that probably does technically count as one of the better arguments for May's indefensible deal.
It was clear from in #Wales today that the people interviewed do not yet realise that the #WithdrawalAgreement is the beginning of years of #Brexit negotiations on the future UK-EU relationship.
But Corbyn's a Brexiteer. Just as May's heart was never in leaving, his would never be in remaining. So you've had your vote &amp; the alt-right populists won. It was a "plague on all your houses" vote! Should we not consider making the most of it in a brave new "no deal" WTO world?
No they're not. However it may put fear into MPs if they think they're bring swayed &amp; it may affect their re election, and cause them to back here deal to get it all sorted ASAP. Time Brexit MPs organise a speedy publicity push for a WTO clean Brexit. No time to waste
If you voted for a Tory MP/MSP in SCOTLAND in 2016/2017 you have been sold out. They have Lied to you. The TORIES don't give a shit about Scotland or any of the folk who were fooled into voting for them. They only care about staying on the WM gravy train...
This picture says what the country is thinking. #CowsOnTour #TheresaMay #Brexit. #photobomb
As David Lidington has toured the tv studios promoting Theresa May’s deal, his top lip has become progressively more sweaty and is it just me, or has his nose grown? Big mistake to take the public for apathetic fools. #Brexit #MayMustGo #ManagedNoDeal
If anything is going to encourage me to march alongside Tommy and his supporters it’s this from the racist Lammy.
I have been saying for weeks that the so-called Labour 'moderates' who will do anything to stop Corbyn would back Theresa May's brexit deal and here is the proof
How on earth does that line-up represent the breadth of the public/political discourse re Brexit?
And that “chums government” gave us the austerity that caused the inequality that led to catastrophic Brexit...
If you’re an Epidemiologist in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a failure for you. If you live in London then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this tragedy! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Sorry but #FBPE is not about inanity - we are fighting for the rights of ordinary people in face of a far right inspired #Brexit #Corbyn is complicit in this betrayal of #British workers by his mendacity that a « Good Brexit » is achievable
Farage: Prime Minister May's Brexit Package is 'Worst Deal in History'
Of course it will, but only in the parallel universe where Is supreme being and Mickey mouse is his bitch. Let me know when you find it, sounds interesting. #MayMustGo #brexit
The plot thickens: Immigration plans might not be published before Brexit vote, says Javid
we would love to feature you on our radio show for a quick phone interview on your thoughts about brexit in relation to the topic loyalty to one's country. Please DM if interested.
Tell you what the people can make threats too deliver Brexit in full or get a UKEuroMaidan and we will bring down parliament is that ok. Because this is where you are heading with your constant threats a d lies and bullying of the UK we have about had enough of it
Your fault all this Brexit carry on
I have written to my MP urging him to do all that he can to bring an end to the Brexit chaos. Let's just remain, OK? It would just make everything simpler &amp; easier. If you live in Henley, then please write to john.howell.mp .uk
The latest The Northern Ireland Daily! Thanks to #brexit #bengoa
Great to meet Steve Bray this morning. The UK needs a #peoplesvote on the final Brexit deal.
lol-we want to visit the House of Commons to let them know what the word RESPECT means?
Yep - many many more due to Brexit
Ok.. I've been totally out of the loop here regarding the #Legisl8 and how important this week is to make sure that what I voted for is what we get. Please do read this thread and let's all do our bit
All politicians have failed the public- Theresa May's Brexit deal is doomed - Sir Michael Fallon
Correct! Liddington suggested A Scottish broadcaster could host the FM and Mundane, sorry I meant in a debate. The problem with that is an impartial neutral Scottish broadcaster.
Well deserved for bravery, decency and sheer determination in the face of concerted hostility
Oh Peter, please stop telling the truth. It'll make you unpopular &amp; could even waken us from our apathy induced slumber that's gripped our land since the net of #Austerity was thrown over the people reducing us to hopeless day to day existence while enriching liars that rule us
Phone booth politics ....
Fantastic players. Glad that they've signed new contracts. Want nothing more than tough Brexit tackles.
I sympathise with Brexiteers calling for a hard Brexit now rather than trying to thrash out a deal. It's like in Assassin's Creed when you get bored of stalking around a castle picking off guards one by one, so you storm in with a flaming spear shouting DEATH TIME MOTHERFUCKERS.
#ForBritain. Anne Marie Waters for PM.
Brexit with May is like being a virgin on grinder you don’t know whether to swipe left or right as one way means you are honest to people the other a right royal arse raping by the chosen few or you could just leave with a clean slate and make a fresh start
According to a YouGov study, 31% of Leave voters (as opposed to 6% of Remainers) believe that Muslim immigration is part of a wider plot to make Muslims the majority in Britain - a conspiracy theory that originated in French far-right circles. Disturbing. #Islamophobia #Brexit
The truth coming out.
Signed.
Brexit: Theresa May denies 'rolling over' on deal
#RikMayall absolutely nails #Boris #farage and #Brexit 25 years before it was a “thing”. Unfortunately back then there was a vigorous, dynamic and forward looking Govt in waiting.
Brexit can't be a compromise especially when it's a compromise both sides hate
#Brexit 3) Lunatic left despises Brexit and will do everything in its power to hamstring negotiation and compliance. They don’t respect the electoral process when the vote doesn’t go in their favor and want another Brexit vote.
#Brexit - what's plan B?
BBC News - Brexit: Theresa May denies 'rolling over' on deal
I do..... as does every leave voter I know.... ps there’s no such thing as hard brexit it’s what remainers call an actual real Brexit, soft Brexit, is the shit fake Remain deal #TreasonMay is selling
Please let me know when you will be visiting the North West of England to push your Brexit deal so that I can attend and ask you some questions. Thank you.
Other way round for me. Though I of course do not have a handle on the "Will of the people" #brexit
Jeremy Corbyn 2/1 Dominic Raab 6/1 Sajid Javid 6/1 Boris Johnson 6/1 David Davis 6/1 Michael Gove 8/1 #brexit #panic 20 replies 32 retweets 53 likes Reply 20 Retweet 32
I wonder if there is any correlation between your vote in the Brexit referendum and the operating system you use. I bet that a majority of MacOS users voted "remain"...
A brilliant article by Well written and informative #Brexit #StandUp4Brexit #ConservativeParty
Interesting piece by . Captures the complexity of #BrexitChaos well.
JHB questions JRM on all (my ) nightmare questions of what could TM further do to frustrate Brexit in the next 14 days were asked and completely answered by JRM.Such as can §50 revoked? Can she call a GE and many other crucial things. Very helpful!
No it wouldn’t liberals and leftists especially remainers will be eating this up in the media saying the poor “refugee” this is what brexit did etc etc they can’t use their political arguemenr if it’s opposite
The idea is to solve this #Brexit madness not conflate it into a myriad of subordinate problems If the leadership really understands the consequences of Brexit It would be culpable of seeking power at the expense of the most vulnerable in our society #FinalSay
Correct. Though I think Brexit has done for the Union by default.
Ansolute Brexit you lad
In 2016, you had the chance to become PM and be at the helm of negotiations with Barnier. You pulled out. That sums up your credibility on Brexit. Since then, Britain has had time to think and consider. Time for #PeoplesVote
Huddersfield, in Brexit-land. In a better world this kids parents would give him an as-whooping of a lifetime.
So, now what? Is GM going to start building cars in China, for import? Do they think they will have a large market for those cars, after doing this?
I get all this. I get why you want to overturn the referendum result. But what do we say to those that voted for the first time and voted #Leave ? If remain had won would be there be another vote so soon? Another vote should be a very last resort.
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
Please check this out : ) !
Now there is a surprise ! -. No more warehouses to stockpile food for no-deal Brexit 'because Amazon may have booked them up'
May's real heart and soul endeavours? ...
It would require a Hard Border in Ireland (thus Breaking the Good Friday Agreement). As well as border checks (yep even under WTO, see Most Favoured Nation rule) this would seriously harm just-in-time manufacturing supply chains (think cars) See
As a lifelong fan of Billy Bragg, anyone who embraces Brexit and/or Corbyn just loses all their credibility. Corbyn is toxic, Brexit is toxic, shame to see this. Corbyn is not a Remain ally, he's a Brexit zealot, as is Seumus Milne.
Ok its the BREXIT DEBATE you shitgibbon so that means discussing BREXIT. Honestly im losing plot with this fool.
Theresa May hits back at Donald Trump as she begins bid to sell Brexit deal
Fresh row looms as No 10 refuses to publish full Brexit legal advice
RBG 3 FOLD RET 10 AND THATS THE OVER RIDING ONE
Brexit in Action!
Boris Johnson launches bid for starring role in Brexit TV debate
Oh, another thing. Unlike the IEA I don't claim to be a charity and abuse charitable status to get tax breaks whilst indulging in political lobbying! #hs2
I'd allow them to be excluded if Lord Hestletine was included. He'd wipe the floor with both the third rate chumps
Car Manufacturers sure seem to get preferential treatment from the Cabinet. Why is that?
I have been saying for weeks that the so-called Labour 'moderates' who will do anything to stop Corbyn would back Theresa May's brexit deal and here is the proof
Or are these tech data monopolies just abusing every customer by maximising personal data for profit and ignoring legal and regulatory controls....rapacious US tax avoiding shi$ts...#newsnight #bbcnews #brexit #c4news
Its got a long way to go, before this Brexit bandwagon begins to lose those at the steering wheel. #PeoplesVote
Grout, grout, don't let it run out, these are the things we can't do without.
But but... we are going to run out of Mars bars and water!!! In two world wars, U-boat couldn't starve Britain into surrender, but Brexit will according to remoaner quislings.
But it is not my call. And I support Brexit. It was unfairly obtained, but only had power to redo the vote. Once her decision was made, best get on with it
The bigger question is: What's the Point of two Quitters debating #Brexit? "My Deal saves Jobs" "Oh no, it doesn't My Jobs #Brexit saves Jobs!" "Oh no, it doesn't!" Forget the Tezza/Jezza pantomime, let's have a serious politicians debating. , ?
Julia in her ivory tower, employment prospects and earnings not affected and no doubt anticipating inherited wealth. An example of the “ I’m alright Jack” Brexit
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Get on with it? No, May’s Brexit plan was a disaster from day one
Michael Gove Unleashed As May’s ‘Secret Weapon’ In Bid To Sell Brexit Deal To Tory MPs - HuffPost UK
The British politician who misled the UK people to vote for Brexit.
Forex- Dollar Inches Higher as Sterling Slumps on Brexit Angst By
Mrs May is a remainer and Mr Corbyn is too weak to commit to either side of the brexit argument.
Disinfecting Catalonia. Gibraltar. Brexit. Misuse of privileged information. The spit gob that wasn't. KILL 4 INDIANS. Resign Mr. Borrell
Done it, but....
Clearly opinions on that differ. Tory Manifesto: "As part of the agreement we strike, we want to make sure that there are as few barriers to trade and investment as possible." i.e Single Market. Both Tory &amp; Labour manifestos were inconsistent with any kind of meaningful Brexit.
TOPS!!!
Can we infer that the legal advice confirms what we all know already, the deal is an inescapable sell out pile of ....?!?
He’s absolutely right
Already a brexit betrayal march on the 9th dec.. has lost the plot, putting himself before brexit
Breaking: Deal saved! May is sure to win over Scotland.
I just demanded that the broadcasters promise fair representation in the TV Brexit debates. I think the public should hear from anti-Brexit voices as well as Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn. Add your name to 's petition:
BTW, a ‘who’s who’ of the worlds largest companies have invested billions in U.K. since Brexit - Apple, Google, Microsoft, huge fund management companies, etc ALSO, all banks and finance institutions have had to admit that the exodus was WAY smaller than misleadingly predicted.
Best part of No deal would be not being able to print anymore!
Why are you fighting Brexit. Please tell me the benifits of not leaving. Thanks
It's so easy to get bogged down in #Brexit and the politics of the day, but this goes way beyond that. Literally everything that everyone cares about – no matter where they are on the ideological spectrum – is facing oblivion
Sadly he sold his soul to Big Capital, in the shape of . Once Brexit has been delivered we must rebuild our democracy. Ending revolving door appointments should be high on the list
Three quarters of UK carmakers fear no-deal Brexit – SMMT
Sadly I don't think he is better than this. I would like to see you and Nicola Sturgeon debate Brexit with the two hard Brexiters May and Corbyn. There needs to be another people's vote!
‘Brexit opens UK to WHOLE WORLD!’ Iron Maiden frontman issues Brexit RALLYING CRY
Treasury won't tell us costs of Theresa May's Brexit
lol That's becuase they know the analysis is very dire Brexit = major mistake
we would love to feature you on our radio show for a quick phone interview on your thoughts about brexit in relation to the topic loyalty to one's country. Please DM if interested.
owen jones was he on little Britain
What to expect from a no-deal Brexit
Expats!!!! Is this a parody article???
Hey if you want a good laugh watch—but FFS it’s too disturbing to be funny.He’s one of Brexit leaders.What will future generations think of us ?.a total set of tossers that’s what .
This is before the Brexit self harm “An analysis by the National Audit Office said that early years funding for three and-four year-olds had been cut by 4.5 per cent in real, per pupil terms between 2013 and 2015.”
ICYMI Tommy Robinson Promotes Bozo Brexit: he knows nothing about it .. except it's ANOTHER SELF-PROMOTION OPPORTUNITY
UK carmakers warn no-deal #Brexit would be ‘catastrophic’ "Industry piles pressure on PM with demand for ‘frictionless’ trade with Europe" via
Any TV debate that takes place on Brexit must incude Puss in Boots and Widow Twankey and honestly that is all the characters I can name because I don't do panto and neither should anyone else.
Funny , that’s what May said about brexit talks verbatim
'Brits aren’t STUPID!' Brexiteer brilliantly DISMANTLES no-deal Brexit scare stories
#Brexit could mean #Pet food shortages
This is why it is impossible to be Satirical about Brexit!
Brexit: Theresa May denies 'rolling over' on deal - BBC News
Today in Berlin the Foreign Policy forum is taking place. Expert-led panels on a variety of topics. Here is a very relevant perspective on UK military co-operation in light of the Sea of Azov crisis.
Oddly enough both were prominent hardline Remainers in the #Brexit campaign. Proof that the sham deal that is proposing is actually worse than remaining in the EU. #ToriesOut #GTTO #SocialistSunday #JC4PM
Is your pal Trump coming as well?
Come on Corbyn pull the #PeoplesVote trigger. Labour have a chance to win back my vote here. Time for a #MultiOptionQuestion on #Brexit optiins. E.g. 1. Leave with May Deal 2. Leave with No Deal 3. Remain with No Change
If you listen to the lyrics of Alanis Morrissette's hand in my pocket, right now they sound like a Theresa May brexit speech! #brexit
Nicola Sturgeon responds to UK's draft Brexit deal - BBC News
Nail head ... #bbcnews #bbcwato #skynews #itvnews #channel4news #c4news #bbcpapers #skypapers #bbcqt #questiontime #r4today #marr #bbcaq #BBCR4today #Newsnight #bbcdp #bbcsp #GMB #PoliticsLive #bbcaq #ITN #Brexitshambles #Brexitreality
Been saying similar since Brexit result... people and business would leave . Who wants to work hard without reaping the benefits of that hard work?? No one is that benevolent no matter what they say. When it hits their pocket or puts their job in jeopardy the worm will turn
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
And I thought UK meant United Kingdom. Silly me.
TONIGHT: Why is everyone talking about EFTA? What is this Brexit buzz-word? We’ll be joined by someone who should know, Iceland’s Foreign Minister Guðlaugur Þór Þórðarson 22:30 | #newsnight | |
Why not have the balls to debate the rights and wrongs of the FM taking part in the ‘leaders’ debate on brexit.
I just demanded that the broadcasters promise fair representation in the TV Brexit debates. I think the public should hear from anti-Brexit voices as well as Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn. Add your name to 's petition:
. Can you tell her not to bother. We already told her 2 years ago.
How much longer are the 'sensible' Tory MP's, either Remain or Brexit, going to put up with a Govt led by TM who are sinking GB into oblivion. I do not recognise the Tory Party at the moment. Serious problems
Don’t read this thinking it’s fake news...because it’s not!
Shameful abdication of their responsibilities
We're at the: Oliver: Please sir, can I have more soup? ... stage of Brexit MOAWR POPCORN
#brexit progress = going from Homo Sapiens to Cro Magnon !
May’s Brexit deal suffers further blow as top ally rejects it
Pretty sure Corbyn voted to leave
Fintan O’Toole: The bad ship Brexit needs a skilful mutiny by
Pool of support for May's Brexit deal even shallower than first thought
Remember that every person that is supporting 's deal (including Mrs May) has changed their mind about the type of #Brexit they want since the EU referendum in 2016. If they can reconsider, why can't you? #PeoplesVote
This is rather like many comments made about #DavidDavis as #Brexit Secretary. It seems to be a bit of a theme with small-minded, grandstanding pygmy politicians.
Pool of support for May's Brexit deal even shallower than first thought
I just demanded that the broadcasters promise fair representation in the TV Brexit debates. I think the public should hear from anti-Brexit voices as well as Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn. Add your name to 's petition:
I really hope PM Theresa May can call for a redo in voting on Brexit or at least allow N Ireland to stay in. Mike Pence may very well be financially tied to Russia or was auditioning for Trump. Betcha he's implicated as a Trump traitor in paranoid Cheeto's mind.
Oh WHAT THE FUCKING FUCKING FUCK?!
The Brexit deal negotiated by the PM harms the UK &amp; your constituents of which I'm one. We lose FOM &amp; our influence in the EU at a net cost of $100 bn by 2030. Will you confirm you'll vote: a)against her deal &amp; b)to revoke A50 or to support a People's Vote?
Fake.
Wouldn't be surprised if she'd asked Sinn Fein to help her...
If you ask the average Brexiter what Brexit actually means, he/she will feel offended and have a tantrum... best way to evade the question... so to answer your question, the % would be tiny...
No more warehouses to stockpile food for no-deal #Brexit 'because may have booked them up' via
Mate understands what he is thick his Brexit approach impossible his economics unbelievable
Yes. Nigel. But you walked away with your 'good ideas'! Now we are left with an incompetent gov'mnt, which has caused "real brexit" MP's to lose their jobs, or resign. £39billion divorce bill? For what? Come back into the machine, Nige. Fight from the 'inside'. Ghaz(the gob) Uk
Carole Cadwalladr wins Foreign Press award for Trump and Brexit work
Nicola Sturgeon speech on Brexit:
Political Correctness? A teenager (armed with a 'zombie' knife) who attacked a motorist walks free from court! #London #knifecrime #zombie #TravelTuesday #brexit #brexitdeal #BrexitAgreement
You said we want the EU to give the democratically elected UK government more power through Brexit . So clearly you have acknowledged a loss of sovereignty haven't you?
Ok... so what are you doing NOW, where are your spokespeople, where are you in front of the cameras, where are your people with their flags outside parliament, the answer. bloody INVISIBLE again, media transmitting people looking for a hero, come on get in front of those cameras
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
Boris isnt pro-brexit, its all smoke and mirrors.
The government's Brexit deal will be voted on by parliament very soon. It is a threat to our rights and prosperity, and we have only one chance to defeat it. I've signed this petition asking all MPs to vote against Theresa May's deal. Please sign too.
I just demanded that the broadcasters promise fair representation in the TV Brexit debates. I think the public should hear from anti-Brexit voices as well as Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn. Add your name to 's petition:
Yes Tommy Robinson just had to adjust the day for his "riot" / rally to a day BEFORE the BREXIT vote!
There isn't anything beyond Brexit
No because its not Brexit.
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
Tried to explain to Ivan why Theresa May is selling her #Brexit deal around the UK. He disagrees and reckons she knows time's up and is just going through the motions of doing all she can before she's ousted.
I just demanded that the broadcasters promise fair representation in the TV Brexit debates. I think the public should hear from anti-Brexit voices as well as Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn. Add your name to 's petition:
Straight out of the Joe Goebbles playbook..... "Tell a lie, make it big, keep on telling it " STOP brexit , second informed referendum now.
Nicola Sturgeon was very happy to leave the EU in 2014! Let's not be fooled by this woman, her ONLY desire is for independence! Education, Health, Police are all failing under the SNP, she's now using Brexit to try to push for another referendum before they lose their majority!
I'm not a celeb, I hate brexit, I'm happy to be a centrist liberal, I find the far right and left appalling and cut from the same cloth,
Cranswick boss says hard Brexit deal could damage UK food sector
Westminster seats decision for Brexit vote is up to Sinn Fein, Theresa May insists
Something has to give in the next few weeks. It may be the wall of resistance that you describe that gives way, or it may be brexit itself that collapses. My own view #BuggerBrexit :
I’ve booked my tickets for the Brexit weekend. Unless A50 gets extended or revoked, I’ll be in the UK on the momentous day... it’ll be sad but I felt I had to be there when it happens.
Is this of the same standard as the White Paper? The one that’s been shredded never to be mentioned again.
Allowing the UK to unilaterally pull out of #Brexit would destabilise the EU and lead to “disaster”, lawyers acting on behalf of Brussels have said
Stop trying to weasel out . Brexshit is Brexshit and always will be. And when the Brexshit hits the fan, it will largely be your fault. You know it, we all know it. It's going to be your legacy. #Brexit #BrexitChaos #PeoplesVoteNow
Hell Yes she is the only Leader telling the truth about what Mays Brexit Deal really means....
Every word is true. They know we know. Watch them lie and deceive to grasp at what’s left. It’s too late,the game’s up.
Revoke Article 50 &amp; stop the madness of Brexit. #Art50
Read what I said ffs.. indy OUT of the EU is my preferred. I want self determination which essentially what BREXIT is, i see self determination and independence as 2 different things, to suggest that in EU means you're not Indy is what's stupid......
Great read! is right on the button.
"Three Quarters of UK Carmakers Fear No-Deal Brexit-SMMT" by REUTERS via NYT
This is secret but the master plan is to get rid of the Tories. It might not have affected you, Mr Walkers, but there’s a thing called austerity that’s sweeping the country. Ppl are dying in shop doorways &amp; in hospital corridors up &amp; down the UK. For some Brexit barely registers!
I’m preparing a #Brexit playlist for 29th March, so far I’ve got: The Man Don’t Give A F*ck - SFA Here I Go Again (On My Own) - Whitesnake Making Plans for Nigel - XTC Against All Odds - Phil Collins The Final Countdown - Europe Ode to Joy(less) Any other suggestions?
. riding roughshod over U.K. Parliament. How does that make you feel ? Are you against unchecked use of executive power? #ReleasetheAdvice #StoptheMayhem
very disappointed Michael.
Dustin Lance Black explains why Brexit is “concerning” for LGBTQ people.
....and I woke up; Brexit never happened, Joe Strummer was alive and the Sky Blues still played at Highfield Road #PUSB
Maybot is a lunatic.
Great, then immediately after we need to void the 2016 election results and install
The biggest problem I have with this take of "if there's not Brexit there will be disorders" is the idea that instead somehow if there's a no deal Brexit there won't be. The country is split, and shortages and chaos aren't conducive to public order.
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
#UK car industry: no-deal #Brexit could have 'devastating impact'
#UK car industry: no-deal #Brexit could have 'devastating impact'
PROPERTY NEWS: Sales volumes in London’s super prime residential #property market have proved relatively resilient this year despite the impact of #political uncertainty surrounding #Brexit negotiations. Link: Via:
Is Brexit effecting the UK property market? Find how it could be effecting you below! Link here: Via:
Come on #Brexit , #LeaveMeansLeave , et al! Take back that control you voted for and insist we all know the details
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
Don`t forget you represent the 1 million Scottish leavers too #brexit
It's not a debate when may and corbyn both want brexit. Demand fair representation.
Pop one's Brexit
People remember what happened when the Crown defied Parliament, don't they? The question is, will the Queen now dissolve Parliament to enable executive rule without it - until the next budget at least?!?
The DUP hold the keys to number 10
UK News - Theresa May hits back at Donald Trump as she begins bid to sell Brexit deal
Remoaners say that the people who voted for #Brexit didn't know what they were voting for I knew exactly what I was voting for I voted for Britain to leave the #EU to free this country from the shackles of the un-elected, unaccountable and totally undemocratic EU commission
wickedness encouraged by ignorance and poor self esteem ....
This fantastic response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
this
There’s been precious little sign of political leadership from Corbyn, on Brexit anyway.
#Brexit: Arlene Foster says DUP can’t be ‘bribed’ to back Theresa May’s deal
Will May’s one-woman tour succeed in selling her Brexit deal?
Gavin Williamson gets roasted after sharing a picture of a 'proper meal' #lbc #fbpe #libdems #conservatives #labour #plaidcymru #snp #ukip #abtv #waton #stupidbrexiteers #itvnews #bbcnews #c4news #5news #skynews #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit #Brexit #newsnight
It will certainly be an irony if Brexit not being hard enough leads to soft Brexit. Though I think some Brexiteers would actually prefer that.
Brexit is leaving the E.U. Get over it you are becoming more and more tragically desperate and interested only in your 5 mins of fame. When we leave the E.U. nobody will remember you, long forgotten.
Spot on David Coburn. We need to leave the EU lock, stock and barrel. WTO rules is Brexit, let's have what we voted for and sack Theresa May you Tory shitebags.
Food warehouses 'almost full' ahead of #Brexit Interestingly poor layout in the image shown. If you can get a camera to take this shot then the aisles are too wide! UK warehousing is under utilised due to insufficient investment. Time to up the act!
Trump torpedoes close ally with new outburst via
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
The UK will be able to do free trade deals, if the EU allows us to. The EU will not allow this. The UK will be made an example of, to teach other Europeans that fighting for their sovereignty won’t be tolerated.
Petition: STOP BREXIT
Free movement is her number one. No surprise though, from the person behind “go home” vans.
Brexit: the application for annulment of the decision authorising the opening of Brexit negotiations, brought by thirteen British citizens who live in EU Member States other than the UK, is inadmissible
#Brexit: Arlene Foster says DUP can’t be ‘bribed’ to back Theresa May’s deal
You can't see the full Brexit legal advice because you will have to arrest us.
Yes we might be able to initiate FTA’s with 3rd countries BUT will they accept the rules imposed by the EU under the terms of the Withdrawal Agreement. This Agreement is a legally binding document #brexit
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
Unfortunately Labour has not got a plan for events in the aftermath of voting down the deal. Recognising that Hard Brexit is good for no one, would you back a #PeoplesVote? It seems as if doesn’t. How do you propose to change the law to extend Article 50?
Hi Mike, firstly thanks for all of your work in Weaver Vale. Much appreciated. I know you will vote against the Brexit "Deal" but please help influence and make sure those in our Labour Party don't prop May up. #GTTO
Never mind Brexit, what about Universal Credit! #DiscreditUniversalCredit
Ok we will try another one. What was the U.K. GDP growth for the year to June 2016 the year before the vote for Brexit. What was the U.K. gdp growth for 2017 and 2018, the 2 years since the vote for Brexit. Now I have the numbers at hand so no cheating with Brexit fake numbers.
Ooo yeah. Their own show where they discuss stuff and come up with solutions. Pretty sure they'd have sorted out Brexit in a couple of hours.
Teresta May is an ignorant civil servant with questionable business experience yet sees fit to hit back at a leader of enterprise and business.. total terrorist get her out now..
Spain doubles down and warns it will reject May’s Brexit deal without Gibraltar concessions
What is so alarming is whilst we waste time obsessing about Brexit Russia is rampaging around the world. We have honestly lost the plot. There won't be a world left to trade with if we look inward for the next 2 yrs +. People's vote - remain - address real issues.
Need a pocket guide to Brexit lingo? Americans visiting the UK for the holidays might not understand the newspapers. #LinguaFranca's Geoff Pullum ( ) has this helpful Brexicon:
PM hits back at Trump as she begins bid to sell Brexit deal
Theresa May Rebukes Donald Trump As She Bids To Sell Brexit Deal
A no-deal Brexit might be the best thing for the UK ....... #OutNow
'Bozo Brexit' lol
Ok ok. Hopefully everyone can fly anywhere after the hard #Brexit. I am afraid, we will get it now. What do you think?
Theresa May hits back at Donald Trump as she begins bid to sell Brexit deal
NATIONAL NEWS: Theresa May hits back at Donald Trump as she begins bid to sell Brexit deal
According to Hate Not Hope: *65% of all voters want the public to have the final say *More than half of Leave voters (52%) want the public to have the final say *79% of Labour voters want the public to have the final say Massively up on July 2018 figures
my thinking-"operators" like Schwartzman , moving into "crisis profiteering" whether natural or man made such as climate change &amp; brexit ,,,,, So much data availability cc,
What to expect from a no-deal Brexit
Nope... Brexit happened because the commission repeatedly refused to implement any of the badly needed reforms.
This response to Theresa May’s letter has gone viral
Well it couldn’t be Britain’s got political talent
NATIONAL NEWS: Theresa May hits back at Donald Trump as she begins bid to sell Brexit deal
[SKY] PM hits back at Trump as she begins bid to sell Brexit deal
Well, that’s Brexit sorted out. I’ll accept Demian’s kind offer, join the Illuminati, and get them to stop it. Seems legit.
Wallace High School wins the Students Video Competition Award with an outstanding video on the meaning of Brexit #PSAAawards
Boris Johnson: Brexit TV debate must include a proper Brexiteer, not just May and Corbyn
Nothing to do with any individual party but everything to do with respecting the Scottish Government and the impact on the devolved powers by the mess that is #Brexit
Great thread. I'll check the book out. Not sure if UK is ready yet. #Brexit may push us over the edge.
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
Might want to reconsider how difficult the brexit deal will make it for the US to deal with the UK. After all your BS no other country will want to deal with you. GM could relocate to the UK cheaper.
You would've voted in blank in the brexit no? Bollocks
This is outrageous, but hardly surprising. We are living in a dictatorship.
PM hits back at Trump as she begins bid to sell Brexit deal #sky #news
PM hits back at Trump as she begins bid to sell Brexit deal Sky News
It’s not Evil. A Brexit Manifesto was promised. Same benefits, more money, no ECJ. It has not been delivered. So we chuck them out.
Thank You, QC Cherry. Did you hear that, Theresa May, #Article50 is Revocable. The Brexit isn't the Only Option, you can withdraw from the Brexit. MPs, its your Job to honour Your Duty to this Country &amp; It's Citizen's. Theresa May has done nothing but sideline the Rule of Law!
I'm not bored of Brexit. But I am bored of the endless shit people are talking about it.
NO,NO,NO,NO This isn't #Brexit continue down this path and you'll be annihilated at the next GE.
Trump Expects to Move Ahead with Boost on China Tariffs, #BREXIT: UK and EU ‘Agree Text’ of Draft Withdrawal Agreement, #USMCA, #APEC
Reality Check: Is Trump right about the Brexit deal? - BBC News
Lucky that the government has astutely kept the Speaker on side in the event of this kind of showdown...
Sky #BusinessNews PM hits back at Trump as she begins bid to sell Brexit deal
Can we please RT this every single day
What I don’t understand is nobody mentioning the Queen made it Law to Leave the EU. TM saying her deal or no Brexit is unlawful. Scrap the deal and go WTO which is what everyone voted for. Why doesn’t the Queen bring TM to heel on her lies
You utter plonker Kuenssberg. FFS listen you pillock, THERE IS NO BREXIT DIVIDEND. This is not controversial, it is a LIE!
Which also means inviting the leader of every party that polls equal or better to you based on the constituencies they run in. What about the independents? You don’t have a chance at shaping Brexit policy at an electoral level, so stop trying to amplify the noise further.
We can live in hope at last!!
Resign like all the others you know it's not brexit
Do not accept Theresa May's false binary choice of "Deal or No Deal", intended to bludgeon us into accepting Brexit. Join us on Friday at this Global Event to #BuggerBrexit via
I’ve yet to read a single piece of substantiated propaganda from the brexit campaign that has been validated and proved true I’m afraid!
Indeed, but after #Brexit we can sell those British Nissan's, British Land Rovers, British Honda's, British Toyota's, British Airbus's etc etc direct to far flung lands under WTO FFS WAKE UP BRITAIN! #endthechaos #RevokeA50 #PeoplesVote
Because it may affect him using cheap foreign labour, fuck um. Bring on the hard Brexit.
Pmsl ,,,sooooo will she the stupid cunt
We should stop pretending that the PMs #Brexit deal was ever going to be enough for hard Brexiteers to accept. Ever since I was an MP &amp; for some decades before, they have wanted the UK to crash out with no deal and are content with likely catastrophe...
PM hits back at Trump as she begins bid to sell Brexit deal
'Brits aren’t STUPID!' Brexiteer brilliantly DISMANTLES no-deal Brexit scare stories
If you need to “sell” a deal, you can be absolutely sure it isn’t a particularly good deal.
That should have been the canary in the coalmine for Brexit really
New post: PM hits back at Trump as she begins bid to sell Brexit deal
BBCNewsnight: TONIGHT: Why is everyone talking about EFTA? What is this Brexit buzz-word? We’ll be joined by someone who should know, Iceland’s Foreign Minister Guðlaugur Þór Þórðarson 22:30 BBCTwo | #newsnight | maitlis | GudlaugurThor
What to expect from a no-deal Brexit (cmts
What to expect from a no-deal Brexit
I wonder how much of Trumps response was swayed by his old mate Farage.
London must play its part in reuniting the UK after #Brexit, writes of - #devolution
This response to Theresa May’s letter has gone viral
“Corbyn wanting to turn any Brexit debate towards the real causes of Brexit is utterly cynical...” or maybe it’s Julie who is the real cynic.
The latest Moonbeams! Thanks to #strictlycomedancing #brexit
Always good to speak to you . Straight talking, as ever. I look forward to that pint
Theresa is going to have job options coming out of her ears post-Brexit. Like this, for example
Pinch some from the UK! We're fed up with the gov't raiding our pensions &amp; breaking the covenant that doctors' pay is less than in many other countries "but you'll be ok in retirement". And if #Brexit goes ahead the NHS will be a hellish workplace with decades more austerity.
If this is an average loss per person, and more wealthy more likely to have voted for Brexit, would it be more helpful to show expected loss per person by income bracket in the same way the differences are shown after budgets. Maybe some more Tories would pay more attention!?
just wondering is their a limit on the number of honours can personally dole out? This #BREXIT deal is going to cost us a fortune
Is this your best defence against the truth? Is it easier to ignore reality if you try to question the motives of people trying to protect others from harm? We cannot afford Brexit now. It makes things worse not better. Brexit won't fix it. #FinalSay
TM’s promises: 1) Strong &amp; stable Govt... broken! 2) Brexit means Brexit... broken! Whatever next?!
No deal/hard Brexit/clean Brexit (whatever the disaster is called) is inevitable. May to be ousted, DD as interim PM, Tories to govern as if it's a national emergency. Next GE fought along lines of "Conservatives are the only option at a time of national crisis."
gaytimesmag: Dustin Lance Black explains why Brexit is “concerning” for LGBTQ people. #gay #gaypride #gaytube
So there you are , thought you'd left the country. After all the carry-on with Brexit, you've decided to re-emerge and make some comments. Lot of good that will do, eh? All of the MPs involved are a bunch of wazzocks, you included...
The poor attackers... left-behind, disenfranchised, ignored by the Westminster elite. OR: the cause and result of #Brexit.
We have FOUR MONTHS to #StopBrexit after that, if we fail, we fall off a cliff. While fracking is VERY serious, we do not pass a point where we can no longer #StopFracking on 29th March. Right now ONLY Brexit matters. Fuck everything else
PM hits back at Trump as she begins bid to sell Brexit deal
We're working with an Irish design company on a large volume multiple extrusion project. Inal Metals: extrusions without borders. #Brexit #WhatBrexit #manufacturinghour
shameful that the democratically elected people’s vote party have been sidelined from a hypothetical debate, which jeremy corbyns government will not allow, because they did and continue to do brexit
She neverwanted Brexit she talks tough but shes aremainer &amp; is being control but the powers that be. Unless she goes will will be trapped inside the Customs Union &amp; as President Trump has said we now can't have a trade deal with US. May must go.
So that's why they call them Brexit ears.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Brexit has exposed just how corrupt,out of touch &amp; conniving the UK political system is. Politicians look down on British people, don’t respect our vote &amp; most are anti British preferring to support EU Dictatorship rule over our country. They are betraying us &amp; selling out UK.
On that we can agree. Brexit has been hijacked by extremists. The idea of leaving the union is not necessarily a bad one. But it should be viewed in context of what the new arrangement is, and how it works in practice. That “WTO Rules” is being floated is quite ludicrous.
I pity the employee who opens the mail at the Tory Office. Because a lot of those fucking leaflets are heading back to their Freepost address in envelopes with ‘bollocks to Brexit’ stickers or black marker saying the same all over them. Not that I’d suggest that or condone it.
Universities vital for post-Brexit UK. A chaotic no-deal would be hugely damaging. Vital research links would be severed, students would be denied opportunities to study overseas, brain-drain of EU nationals working at UK universities would become a flood
Any chance that the Remainers and Brexit wreckers can shut up about this now? It’s not an issue and cannot be used as an argument against WTO WTO says its rules would not force EU or UK to erect hard Irish border via
I get all this. I also get why you want to overturn the referendum result. But what do we say to those that voted for the first time and voted #Leave ? If remain had won would there be another vote so soon? Another vote should be very last resort.
Do not accept Theresa May's false binary choice of "Deal or No Deal", intended to bludgeon us into accepting a crap Brexit. Join us on Friday to #BuggerBrexit via
Theresa May hits back at Donald Trump as she begins bid to sell Brexit deal
This response to Theresa May’s letter has gone viral
well done Caroline and I will support too. Please RT
There always has to be a war reference in the Brexit-themed press, right?
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
I've seen May and Corbyn compared to "two cheeks of the same arse" in this regard. Nuff said...
NEWS: Theresa May hits back at Donald Trump as she begins bid to sell Brexit deal
Where are we with Brexit? What does the current deal mean? And what could happen next? We put Mumsnetters' questions to the experts to see what they had to say
Exactly all of them who the hell does she think she is ?
Slows the process#Brexit snouty
#PeoplesVote is not a pro-left or even pro-EU movement in reality. The party which advocates "remain" at an upcoming GE will be big losers. Labour are right to try &amp; appeal to both sides. The ones backing #PeoplesVote are virtually all against the left
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Disappointing. I'm fed up with two-party politics. It becomes all about them and not about us. Labour to block People's Vote taking part in Brexit TV debate
These are the ones who claim they want to put Britain first Brexit and all that , can’t even get behind an English footy team, tossers
It has been totally blinkered from day 1
No ... it's not. It's concerning to him and his finances. That's why he's trying to get people on his side ...
BBC News - Cancer care: England still lagging behind the best #lbc #fbpe #libdems #conservatives #labour #plaidcymru #snp #ukip #abtv #waton #stupidbrexiteers #itvnews #bbcnews #c4news #5news #skynews #DUP #sinnfein #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit #Brexit #bbcqt
Attempt to woo Labour MPs backfires as they say Downing Street 'treated us like idiots' during Brexit briefing via
I wrote to my mp today to remind her that we #brexit supporters don’t care what our mp’s think we care that they vote in line with what we voted for in a democratic referendum not half way measures!
A no deal Brexit means:- We leave the EU No open borders No more money to EU No £39 billion handout Free trade with whole World Make our own laws Sovereignty returns to UK Out of SM &amp; CU Fishing waters back No longer under ECJ NO TRANSITION THAT'S FREEDOM It's what I voted for!!
It was signed "Boris".
She never had intentions of delivering brexit -and she is blatently lying by saying we wil leave the eu on the 29th march we can't whilst in transitions she thinks brexiteers are a bunch of village idiots with out a clue trouble is we are more clued up than she thinks
Unmissable - this magnificent response to Theresa May’s letter has gone viral
Boris, this deal is a stitch up so that it is voted down and we face a vote on no deal or another referendum. PM holds all the cards with support from self preservation and bully MPs in your party which will not vote her out. Vote her out before it is to late and ditch this deal.
Spiegel was a lie. Brexit can be stopped. Corbyn doesn't want BINO. He wants to end free movement. He wants to leave the Single Market. 'Not a single job lost'? Tens of thousands of jobs have already been lost.
Theresa May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
just wondering is there a limit on the number of honours can personally dole out? This #BREXIT deal is going to cost us a fortune
Who are to tell me I’m wrong? That’s just totally typical of many remainers, not content with their own decision making, you want to force everyone else’s too... I don’t see many brexit votes trying to tell remainers your wrong.. it’s a matter of personal experience &amp; choice.
Why is anyone voting Tory? This has been caused by austerity measures and a decade of mis-management of the economy! How can you then trust #Brexit ? UK has weakest wage growth in advanced G20 nations, says ILO
Tories defy binding democratic Parliamentary vote in desperate attempt to hide “damning” Brexit legal advice via
I think Michael is a very talented and dynamic minister but he’s also devious. He’s waiting for the deal to fail, and May to fall, in the hope he can get the leadership. As long as he supports proper Brexit...fair enough
R.I.P. UK. Wait, didn't a large # of Brits want Brexit because of the out of contol migrants/asyum seekers/refugees entering their country?
'People were sold a lie': Ruthin restless over May's Brexit deal
NASA receives signal from Mars saying Brexit deal is shit
Theresa May's Brexit deal could leave UK economy 5.5% smaller, says study
'People were sold a lie': Ruthin restless over May's Brexit deal
It is going to get very very ugly if no reVote/reversal of Brexit.
Theresa will have job options coming out of her ears post-Brexit. Like this, for example...
A Brexit debate between May and Corbyn will be May defending her deal and Corbyn saying that his imaginary one is better and that there should be a GE, why doesn't she want to debate against some real opposition? Even if it was a hard brexiteer it would be a better debate -_-
Yes for once Trump is right.
Daily Heil struggling for news today.
Brexit: The five questions everyone's asking Google - BBC News
Macron thinks his fellow countrymen are poison via
Trump Trashes Theresa May's Brexit Deal!
UN REPORT: 14 MILLION PEOPLE IN UK ARE LIVING IN POVERTY, #skynews #skypapers #bbcdp #lbc #lbclive #talkradio #altnews #brexit #remain #london #cityoflondon #news #breakingnews #uknews #labour #tories #trump #toryparty #ukip #
The latest The Jean-Baptiste EU Daily! Thanks to #europe #brexit
A depressing masterpiece — They are chucking everything possible out of the basket to keep this Brexit balloon up, time will tell if they will get it safely to land, or it will drift somewhere beyond rescue, leaking hot air, until it dumps into the sea.
I was thinking it might lead to ‘no Brexit’ rather than ‘soft Brexit’. But all the rest holds true...
What I don’t understand is nobody mentioning the Queen made it Law to Leave the EU. TM saying her deal or no Brexit is unlawful. Scrap the deal and go WTO which is what everyone voted for. Why doesn’t the Queen bring TM to heel on her lies
The outright lies, betrayal and complete disregard for the people continues. #traitorMay "Downing Street will reportedly NOT give full Brexit legal advice to MPs" #MayMustGo #MBGA #LeaveMeansLeave
Same old Labour...how many times have they sold out?
Mistake, as BREXIT accomodations are the wrong backdrop. THe EU is primed for a reset. The reviled Lisbon (federalising) Treaty that aims to impose Common Fiscal/taxation on top of Common foreign policy and regulatory frameworks, is now doomed, at the least.
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
LibDems seem to think their opposition to brexit absolves them of the misery and hardship they spread by propping up ideologically driven austerity and their double crossing of a generation of young people who trusted them on tuition fees.
#TheresaMay position has become almost untenable- hard brexit, pick up the phone to America, Japan and Australia now and ask for help.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
It’s no way or nor way only the clean brexit delivers brexit. I voted to leave all Eu structures
The other point worth noting is the sentence before - remain in the EU - in contrast to the uncertainty of leaving. How uncertain and chaotic, even project leave didn’t predict. We are not even vaguely there yet, two years in; never mind the trade deals..
Before brexit and for a time after I used to enjoy reading Owen's tweets. This last year he has become increasingly entrenched in the brexit camp and very defensive of Corbyn. It's no loss
#EFTA was the free trade organisation set up by a grumpy Britain after it had decided the new 'European Communities' were beneath its dignity but which had then begun to be a notable success for the six members. It was the original British sulk. History turns full circle. #Brexit
What more can I say. Corbyn and May both remainers both having a conference about brexit Hello
My grandma has just been trying to tell me that the first series of ‘IM A CELEBRITY, GET ME OUT OF HERE’ was made up of ‘non celebrities’ For the record, she always voted for brexit #tory
OH FOR GOD'S SAKE. I LIVED HERE BEFORE WE HAD TED HEATH AND HIS TREASON AND GUESS WHAT? I ATE THREE TIMES A DAY No deal Brexit: Family stockpiles food to SURVIVE no deal – 'We're not going over the top'
‘Stand Up For Rapists’ are the true fascists, and we’ve seen you racially abuse and attack black people for voting brexit, supporting Tommy and protesting against terrorism and jihadi rape. We’ve seen you call Jewish people Nazi, you do a lot of hate crime. #BrexitBetrayalMarch
True. True. True (I hope). True.
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
I'll never support Brexit as it currently stands. A Corbyn led Brexit would be another matter. This Tory led Brexit will doom most of the people in this country to greater poverty, misery and death. Which is why I voted remain.
Fire him. Sick of listening to this. doesn’t go on about independence- you lot do. You ask her. She says the same thing she said last time. Scotland knows what this means. And the powerful Yoons that belittle and undermine this country - should bugger off.
How will your MP vote on Theresa May's Brexit deal?
Be there
Bore off. Everyone likes your brother more.
I hope that a second referendum will save those sad fools. But if we don't get one, it's difficult to have any sympathy with people who are that accepting of the shafting they're taking. #c4news #Brexit
Young Syrian refugee constantly bullied. and your lovely Brexit callers Have created #HostileEnvironment for bullying to thrive
But all other considerations aside, as you've pointed out May's deal is an affront to democracy so it has to go, even if it takes Brexit with it surely?
Brexit Impact Tracker. The real facts about the Brexit consequences.
I'll give YOU a clue. Labour can't win while Corbyn is leader. Down there in the working classes you will feel the hit of brexit more than anyone. Change leader to a renainer, stop brexit and get elected. In. That. Order.
Can someone actually tell me what’s actually wrong with Theresa May’s #Brexit deal? What haven’t we got that we expected to?
Ah well if you're referring to brexit politicians then one of the answers is they are simply dumb,how else do you explain an MP believing the GFA entitles everyone in the UK to an Irish/EU passport
English Remain need to stop themselves, not brexit... Not one concession to the leave voting poor. They need consent from the society their thatcherite greed restored. Instead of asking what the problems were, they led a dehumanising campaign and try to disenfranchise us sick
"May wants to move the UK from being a sovereign state which is a member of the #EU to being a captured territory which is a colony of the EU, and from which the UK has no independent right to leave. Yet she calls this ‘leaving the EU’" #Brexit
The London Duopoly
Has anyone said brexit yet?
oh well. I'll ride my blue passport to the supermarket.
I just demanded that the broadcasters promise fair representation in the TV Brexit debates. I think the public should hear from anti-Brexit voices as well as Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn. Add your name to 's petition:
$GBPUSD - Probes Recent Trend Low On Heightened Brexit Angst -
Was there ever any doubt that they wouldn’t sign their future away? They will not Brexit either. It’s going to take an overthrow of the government to save the U.K.
PM hits back at Trump as she begins bid to sell Brexit deal
I like Sturgeon, my question to you is this, though: if May offered Sturgeon IndyRef2 in exchange for abstaining on the Brexit vote, would Sturgeon accept? Honestly now, what do you think? Bear in mind she's elected to represent Scottish interests. Do you see my point?
So I imagine and Will have people at PM invited only event, in a small venue in Glasgow area Tommorrow, wonder if anyone has the ability to ask as simple Qs Why she does not want FM to attend Brexit Debate. #Fearty
As it’s about Brexit and public in great need of hearing different interpretations of agreement more representation is neededparticular a pro Brexit one. It isn’t a battle for an election... or is it?!!
Unreal. I'm sure I remember the media getting on his back early on when he came, the Brexit mob couldn't wait for him to fail.
The guy at the back in the white shirt is a massive mood. Pretty much sums up everyone's feelings on hearing about brexit for 889th day in a row
"Three Quarters of UK Carmakers Fear No-Deal Brexit-SMMT" by REUTERS via NYT
Nicola Sturgeon: Brexit deal could cost Scots £1,600 per year
I'm done with talking about "it" (Brexit) and her, it leads nowhere. It's time for action.
1/2 My theory is that Theresa May is someones puppet. Someone else is pulling the strings. If she really was in power and wanted the best for UK, she would never agree to the idiotic Brexit deal. Brexit will obviously destabilise the UK and no one knows what that can lead to.
…inister for Brexit?
Who decides what is a reasoned position ?
The latest The Slugger Digest! Thanks to #brexit #eu
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
Sterling slides with UK Brexit vote in doubt -
I agree with this. I'm only really in support of a People's Vote on the final deal as it seems the best compromise, but really I'd rather both the government and parliament just recognise that any Brexit is damaging to the country and simply revoke A50.
Is this her way of handing a part of the union back to Eire.
Thanks for running a transport system befitting brexit you cancel 20.42 T5 to T123 knowing next from 123,is now impossible so stopping service customers take an extra 1 hour tube doesn’t get to 123 until 20.56 making connection impossible
Brilliant!
People smugglers prey on migrant Brexit fears
Bloomberg on Twitter
Just wondering if elected politicians in NI realise it isn't about them personally, but the people they represent? does not represent the wishes of the people of East Belfast. They voted OUT. #Brexit
This response to Theresa May’s letter has gone viral
More Brexit bullshit
The current PM’s manifesto wasn’t manifest in June 2016 though was it? And still big decisions need to be clarified, so Brexit is far from defined.
No worries Caroline Put me down for a 0p contribution.
A depressing masterpiece — They are chucking everything possible out of the basket to keep this Brexit balloon up, time will tell if they will get it safely to land, or it will drift somewhere beyond rescue, leaking hot air, until it dumps into the sea.
lllll Theresa May has hit back at Donald Trump's criticism of her Brexit deal as she began a fortnight-long effort to sell her agreement.
Time for MP's to do the job they have been elected for #SaveDemocracy
What to expect from a no-deal Brexit 11
It's all been a ruse. Cold and calculating, the most conniving and despicable PM in UK history, taking the crown off Tony Blair. #MayMustGo #Brexit
Write to your MP today to tell them you're #NotBuyingIt. No one wants this dodgy #Brexit deal. Demand a #PeoplesVote:
I wish this GREAT man was negotiating our Brexit deal
The EU27 have been doing that forvthe last two years!
#Brexit Bonus issue! Scotland. The Scots narrowly voted to remain in the UK prior to the Brexit vote. Brexit is not popular in Scotland as the Scots voted by a large majority against Brexit. There have been calls for another Scottish vote on whether to stay in UK. Stay tuned
Deal 'founders' or 'flounders'? ? May heads to Scotland as Brexit deal founders in Westminster
Can someone actually tell me what’s so wrong with Theresa May’s #Brexit deal? What haven’t we got that we expected to?
I'll give YOU a clue. Labour can't win while Corbyn is leader. Down there in the working classes you will feel the hit of brexit more than anyone. Change leader to a remainer, stop brexit and get elected. In. That. Order.
To be honest the only Politicians that were fully competent were the likes of Douglas Hurd, Maggie Thatcher &amp; that crew of Tories! #Brexit #BrexitChaos #shambles
This simply is not democracy. And if it's not, then Brexit is being used as a proxy for a coup. Enough is enough!
Looking forward to meeting games devs from and in one place. Great idea for an event!
Trump’s tariff tactics could make no-deal Brexit work for Ireland via
Is Peoples Vote a political party? Why would they be included in the debate, surely it should be other party leaders instead? If you want Peoples Vote there then wouldn't it be fair to have a Brexit campaign representative there too?
What the hell ! What are you DOING!?!?!
She cannot stop lying and misleading people. WTF is wrong with her? is a disgrace.
My grandma has just been trying to tell me that the first series of ‘IM A CELEBRITY, GET ME OUT OF HERE’ was made up of ‘non celebrities’ For the record, she also voted for brexit #tory #imacelebrity
Michael Gove: From Brexit hero to political clown via #Brexit #BrexitDeal
"I'm just not hopeful, there's an unholy conspiracy to just do bloody nothing." - on the establishment's response to Brexit. #DialMForMueller
How does she find the editorial line on brexit?
UK car industry: no-deal Brexit could have 'devastating impact'
This is an absolutely cracking scoop
When you say establishment do you mean all academics? Can you not provide research that backs your opinion as otherwise you are asking us to trust your opinion over the facts? Find it hard to do especially with all the lies the brexiteers told on Turkey, GFA, NHS and FTA
Bitcoin Entrepreneurs, Paying Taxes, BREXIT (#BLEXIT) -
Tracey Crouch just implored the audience at the Political Studies Association awards to “think of the children” when it comes to #Brexit
Really! Instead of inviting the public to read the text for unadulterated analysis you propose we read the government’s summary FFS #Brexit
May's Brexit Deal at work. We all know that May hates you unless you are a rich White English Tory Voter. She uses the thick English knuckle draggers to promote her racist hate propaganda....
He wants Brexit so he can yank the UK economy on the glorious road to socialism. Venezuela at one stage was a role model:
Trump’s Brexit bomb is a brutal reminder that May’s work has barely started | Gaby Hinsliff
And yet Brexit was supposed to be about parliamentary sovereignty and democracy! Whichever way you voted, whatever you believe now, is this acceptable to...
A depressing masterpiece — They are chucking everything possible out of the basket to keep this Brexit balloon up, time will tell if they will get it safely to land, or it will drift somewhere beyond rescue, leaking hot air, until it dumps into the sea.
#FBI #Veterans #USMC #Law #Resistance FACT: While Putin ATTACKS Ukraine Promotes RIOTS in France, Brexit, NATO Dissension &amp; Saudi's Murder of Journalists Treasonous #NoBallsDonnie &amp; Putin's GOP Have Deteriorated OUR Country
I just demanded that the broadcasters promise fair representation in the TV Brexit debates. I think the public should hear from anti-Brexit voices as well as Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn. Add your name to 's petition:
But what about the Jobs First Brexit?
What exactly are you afraid off ? Afraid you will be shown up by a real political leader in ? Afraid to have the harsh #brexit truths exposed ? Or just afraid - full stop .
Paul is likely talking about the general rise of hate crimes and racial abuse felt by citizens from other countries since the EU referendum - the kids pick up on this from the street or their parents feeling empowered to act similarly. Brexit UK adds to the problem.
This response to Theresa May’s letter has gone viral
Theresa May’s attempt to woo Labour MPs to back her Brexit deal backfires as they say Downing Street treated us like idiots during Brexit briefing
It is disgraceful but not unexpected. JC wants Brexit as much as Rees Mogg, and for that I cannot forgive him or vote for him.
Surely that’s the last straw. Everyone in the whole country hates the deal and now this .Im sorry but where are the bloody letters? #1922committee DOIT.Everyone will admire you.#mayout
No point at all in a #brexit tv debate when only 650 people in the country get a say on whether we should accept the deal.
Not sure about “secret”...everyone knows he’s a weapon!
…inister for Brexit?
Twerp!
Blatant contempt of parliament, lock Theresa May in Big Ben
agree,this is much needed and wanted by me and others,up for it
Equating fascism with Brexit is disastrous, irresponsible and gives a hand up to Tommy Robinson
Lots queuing up to be on the #Brexit debate. Sturgeon, Green Party etc. I haven’t seen anybody from the “no deal” side of things. Must say I’m a bit disappointed, I would vote for that... oh wait I already have done.
"Three Quarters of UK Carmakers Fear No-Deal Brexit-SMMT" by REUTERS via NYT
Yeah it's keeping the whole of Europe entertained.
What????
I said that as long as Corbyn is leading the Labour Party austerity will thrive because labour will never get elected to change it. I said Corbyns stance and silence on Brexit make all his other policies irrelevant because he will never win power. I said it repeatedly. Good bye.
If they do - #ToriesAreToast ! #Conservatives
Arrogant Ms Coburn asks ‘ is it wise for Mr Corbyn to do this debate’. Hilarious from BBC as Mrs May ran scared of GE debate in 2017. Labour’s superior Brexit plan on their website/has been broadcast on PMQs for the last year. Useless/running scared BBC Tory bias.
the only discussion worth the air space is #DontBackTheBrexitDeal
I thought the promise that America wouldn't deal with us was by far the best outcome so far of the mess of Brexit.
jeremy corbyn it eas me mr brexit that told one of you friends to ask on parliment and priminister questions time to have the public ask a question to you for you on there behalf ask david Cameron a real public person and name if that person read out at
Hi there Chloe, wanted to invite you back to our program this coming Monday Dec 3 1930GMT for a discussion via Skype on #Brexit. Do let me know if you are available. Thanks so much!
I just demanded that the broadcasters promise fair representation in the TV Brexit debates. I think the public should hear from anti-Brexit voices as well as Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn. Add your name to 's petition:
Posted...
Posted...
Have you seen the parliamentary arithmetic? I’ll be interested to see if you’re still saying that on 12th December. We need to be realistic, we on remain side have a genuine chance now to get a softer Brexit or even no Brexit, please join us and reality Stephen
Taking questions on a range of issues including Brexit, taxation, and government investment in Dublin Rathdown
In all seriousness Kieron you must realise that brexit cuts right across the political spectrum - from Corbyn to Rees-Mogg and every spot in between. The whole “Tory=Brexit” approach is just flawed JC is a Leave true believer TM is (at best) a reluctant Leaver.
I’m more than happy for my kids to learn the phrase “Bollocks to Brexit”. It’s not in the least bit offensive
OH come on Julia - the British law makers are being tougher than EU because THEY BLAME Facebook $FB for #Brexit just like U.S. blames them for Clinton's loss and the conservative basklash. Wilfred "I can understand why he's NOT there" THANK YOU WILFRED FOR SOME REASONABLE TALK
The majority of BREXIT voters were on the left, just look at any map of the vote. And yet now we are to accept Tommy Robinson, someone on the far right, as the leader of a cause that was supposed to be cross party?!
GIVE THIS MAN THE FKG JOB ‘NO POINT!’ Johnson CONDEMNS Brexit TV debate – 'You need someone who BELIEVES in Brexit'
Listening to Brexit minister Robin Walker MP I'm reminded of Robin Day's famous words about why should the public trust you, a here today, gone tomorrow politician
And people voted for it !!! Unreal. We need to stay around the table and participate in forging future relationships and policies to better this crazy world
Absolutely disgusting. Unfortunately these young people feel emboldened by the current politics of hate being promoted by Trump, Brexit etc. Tolerance seems a thing of the past.
Annddd this is the dumb shit that made trump president and brexit official
Brexit is a battle of ideas on who has the best ideas to knock out the opponent. Please read an article titled Ideas on the link below. Search for it on the top right hand corner of the search panel. Very relevant to our current status quo
WHAT?? HOW DO YOU NO HE'S A TOMMY ROBINSON FAN BOY? TOMMY HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH BREXIT IT WAS THE GOVERNMENT AND 17.4 MILLION PEOPLE!! YOU IDIOT !!
Those who campaigned to leave, without a plan, with or without the realisation that it would take more than 2 years to prepare for the #Brexit they wanted, all based on an assumption the EU would give us whatever we wanted. #Prats
MAY IS THIS TRUE? NEED ANSWER
Brexit: Theresa May says that the Brexit dividend will reap another £394m a week for the NHS but Phil Hammond says it’s likely taxes will rise to fund the NHS. Neither of these are true. Our taxes will rise to stop the country from going bust. The rich will be fine though.
The ‘far right resurgence’ is already here. A rabid xenophobic press baying for blood, deriding EU partners, pleading betrayals, denouncing ‘traitors’ and you, a LABOUR MP, are joining in. 2106 was a blind vote: it gave no mandate for any specific form of Brexit esp this shitfest
Thanks for the explanation. Doesn't seem entirely fair and equitable to me, but then little of this Brexit mess does.
‘Next thing’ is get a deal that doesn’t humiliate us and totally ignore democracy and the Brexit vote, moron!!
Trump is clown. NO remainer supports him or believes anything he says about Brexit. He’s bring fed lines by Farage et al on Fox News.
"The findings against Facebook were unsurprising and the level of fine was appropriate...indicates the appeal is tactical. That would not be unusual if Facebook was being mindful of their wider legal liability for data breaches.”
ID cards could assuage Brexit voters' migration fears, says report
Theresa, you would have written such a letter if you’d negotiated a #Brexit that condemned your country to Nazi jackboots. Your hold on political power is way more important that the future of your population. You have proved yourself to be not only inept but self-serving
What a hero.
When we went into the CM things changed straight away. Always to our benefit and prosperity. And Peace, we had just come out of two hideous world wars - in Europe when millions died. Ppl will die if we brexit, from the poverty created by Govt policies
For me this symbolizes the PM handing a copy of her Brexit plan to a cabinet member or maybe an ex-cabinet member with unruly hair!
We demand fair representation in the Brexit debates - Best for Britain
Scotland will not finance English folly like Trident, parliament refurbish, buck palace refurb, HS2, House of Lords, Wars, Brexit, the DUP. The figures for separate Scottish and English economies is largely unknown, Scotland is asset rich and capable on our own.
Move over Brexit, it's time for GoldEntrance as are to fully join the family following tonight's AGM. We promise to share the remote control with our new sibling #forzasonics
Sending mine right back with a bollocks to brexit sticker on it
What a waste eh? Tory b hellbent on destroying our economy to fill their own boots
I know that. But you’re still not answering my question. For one last time, is the WA the Brexit that you told me Leavers knew “exactly” they were voting for?
I’m kinda thinking they’ll be Brexit fans. Sorry.
I blocked him pre-emptively as he is pro-Brexit.
Is this the final nail in her brexit.
Getting ready to invade Europe following a no-deal Brexit!
PM hits back at Trump as she begins bid to sell Brexit deal
“The British left should view Europe less as an ideological project, requiring either allegiance or rejection, than as an inescapable political arena, in which we have a continuing responsibility to act.” -
Is that an entire dark money funded new mag to promote Brexit amongst the rural set?
the responses to this A-grade tweet are why i hope FPBE twitter are the second to die after no deal
What do you say? Another Euromyth peddled by the Daily Mail? Surely it can't be true?
The age of the nothing. #BoJo #Brexit
Theresa May hits back at Donald Trump as she begins bid to sell Brexit deal -
I detect a common Westminster approach here.
and Brexit. Which will only cause more misery and poverty.
So are you saying parties like yours are no longer relevant? Surely what the two main party leaders have to say about #Brexit is of interest to people?
How true.......It is the American Deep State who hatched the plot of EU Referndum &amp; used traitors within our camp to rig the vote - an element of corrupt UK/US Intelligence services are heavily involved.........
A lot of bad hombres hiding out with their parents.
Brexit-backing BBC host Andrew Neil just got absolutely destroyed on his own channel via
If Greenland was part of the EU for its ties to Denmark, Canada should have the right as well prior to the brexit
HNews: What to expect from a no-deal Brexit
you won't get away with this. You wont release as you have something to hide!
I’ll be absolutely stunned if this gets through the HoC. May needs to rethink this deal - pronto.
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
Jo Johnson interview: 'We must have a second referendum. This Brexit deal is a catastrophe for the country'. Even Remainers know May's deal is a terrible stitch up and betrayal
It’s not a deal at all. It’s an agreement on the framework of a possible future deal. STOP CALLING IT A DEAL
Bannon and Putin decided Brexit. Just like they decided Trump. Time for the world to wake up and defend liberty.
For everything fishy and Brexity, follow Your Man in Normandy, the great
This can be reversed. Let's stop this madness and bring down those who have taken us to this dark place
Don’t come anywhere near me
Huge day tomorrow for PM in pressurising her MPs to back her deal - because Dexeu and government economic service will show something close to her deal much better for prosperity than Canada Plus. And Bank of England will show no-deal Brexit an economic car crash. Will enough...
To unite the nation, divided over Brexit . Everyone hates him
...MPs be sufficiently scared to drop their opposition to her Brexit plan, or will they persist in maintaining that the negative prognostications are Establishment scaremongering?
Oh dear....what a shame....never mind. Attempt to woo Labour MPs backfires as they say Downing Street 'treated us like idiots' during Brexit briefing' | via
Remember this?
No way Brexit Leave means Leave Democracy mate.
FT is back with its fear mongering. Its Japanese owners seems to have whipped up Barber again. Don’t relax boy !
If UK wants to become Singapore at the North Sea then better get started to open your borders, Singapore is buzzing because of almost 30% foreigners. Brexit = Britains final Exit from the world stage not just from Europe.
Ha! On the contrary, #NoDealBrexit is just #Brexit , &amp; you just want to #StopBrexit !
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
BREAKING IMPORTANT INFORMATION REGARDING BREXIT MEANS EXIT MARCH ON 9TH ... via
Dear oh dear. 17 million Brits voted for this!
Brilliant! How can I take part in that?
1 reason not to, Brexit is a scam, never back a scam
Expresses so clearly all the points we need to have clarity about in this delusional agreement
Three quarters of UK carmakers fear no-deal Brexit – SMMT
Not to mention the changes needed within the NHS. People’s struggles and vulnerabilities, coupled with fear, makes things like Brexit a reality.
Spot on. Brexit means 5-15 years of poor economy but realistically, the rest is down to government policy. Tories remaining in government, regardless of Brexit, means disaster. Yes, getting Tories out is still the priority.
Fair enough. I cited their coverage of climate change, austerity, Israel/Palestine, Brexit and Jeremy Corbyn, all of which are abysmal, and they just wrote back and said OK. Probably just so I wouldn't write any more emails.
May rejects Trump criticism of Brexit deal
The poor prick himself can’t even keep a straight face!
I look forward to this TV Brexit debate between May and Corbyn because I genuinely have no idea what the Labour Party position is and I am unclear on his too. Labour has been most shoddy on Brexit. Sadly. Greens and Liberals have been more solid.
Brexit risks a repeat of the Windrush scandal for EU citizens
Unbelievable.
Plus there is now a very strong + active pro-EU movement in the UK following 2.5 years of anti-Brexit campaigning. #PeoplesVote
If the PM is in contempt of parliament, can she be suspended? #FBPE
London’s demo to support Brexit on 11/12 ...
Not hearing much about the effect #Brexit will have on pets &amp; owners especially a #NoDealBrexit The impact is wide from pet food, travel, vets, medication &amp; vaccinations. So here is a thread about some of these issues. #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote #pets
Pete, whats your opinion on Brexit?
Brexit Britain right there. Apprentice gammons, morons-in-training. Thick enough to video themselves too. Bullying is always unpleasant - I’ve had it as a kid and in the workplace as a young adult - but this really is repugnant.
It suggests that there is no evidence to say the majority of Leave voters wanted a hard Brexit. As I said before, there is no single, unique form of Brexit that anyone can call on to command a majority. Leave voters need to decide what they want. There's no sign of that.
All of you #Tories have got us into this mess. How about you apologise, resign en masse and promise never to destroy this country again? #Brexit #shameonyou
They would if Strictly ran a special ‘Brexit Cancelled’ celebration episode. #brexitdanceoff
Theresa May hits back at Donald Trump as she begins bid to sell Brexit deal
lmao imagine still supporting Brexit lol
Allowing Britain to reverse Brexit without Brussels' permission could destroy EU, ECJ hears - via
Shut it, you slag. Brexit is very important &amp; it needs to be debated &amp; talked about
"Today I visited Wales and Northern Ireland. I listened to farmers, start-ups and traders; employers, students and academics. The Brexit deal brings certainty to them, and stability for everyone in the United Kingdom." – PM #BackTheBrexitDeal
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
You might have. It's a sh*t idea though eh?
Brexit: anonymous Twitter account gives droll voice to Irish border row
Farage is a fucking non-entity. Corbyn &amp; May both want Brexit for their own reasons - Corbyn ideological and May... well, she's just a xenophobic bitch with an axe to grind against immigrants. is far and away the most impressive party leader. Scots must trust her.
have you been offered a peerage or knighthood for your vote, you are pathetic, this is brexit in name only and you all know it, the people will remember this deceit,
Whoever tries to blame the EU for our economic woes, show them this graph. Brexit is not about taking back control, it's about empowering the wealthy &amp; enabling them to dodge taxes. Post-Brexit, these problems will only get worse. Enough is Enough! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay
Fintan O’Toole: The bad ship Brexit needs a skilful mutiny
I've asked before if you could spell out your ideal Brexit, alongside the benefits that a pensioner like me can expect. Thank you.
Sums up his approach to politics &amp; Brexit. I still can’t get over his moronic cake speech.
fellas can u checkout this thread, Paddy aint interested &amp; can u add odds 4 Disbanding of TFL by 2020? &amp; all top officials past &amp; present jailed by 2022? COM officials jailed by 2022? Would appreciate odds asap
When people voted for brexit they were made aware of the risks as it’s success entirely depended on the deal, can’t complain now.
Theresa May hits back at Donald Trump as she begins bid to sell Brexit deal
Here's a good lesson in 'Making More MPs into Rebels 101' taught by a government which smells worse than rotten potatoes. #BrexitShambles
Brexit skills shortage could accelerate job automation in the UK
‘Deliver a proper Brexit’ - Julia, it sounds as though you’re going for Corbyn!
Yes, Donald Trump is talking perfect sense on May’s Brexit deal | Peter Mandelson
They will lose their seats if they don’t vote her out and if they do she won’t be there to sack them. Another stupid action from a desperate PM. need to search their souls and put the national interest first #MayMustGoNow
Brexit and the btyle for democracy
Given there was such a small majority and that Brexit was sold as a concept not a specific plan, this should have always been the model.
A trade union rep told me they were being produced for UK activists who insisted that the Leave vote had only beaten Remain by a *razor-thin* margin in the Brexit referendum
Spot on. I’d like all the bishops to read Goodwin and Eatwell’s “National Populism”. A national Church needs to engage with and influence popular sentiment, not stand aloof from it. (See also Giles Fraser at the weekend on the Church and Brexit.)
High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
#Brexit This guy was the foreign secretary. I have not seen any country making a fool of herself in a manner as Britain has been doing with these politicians over the last 3-4 years. Honestly saddened by this.
EFTA, a tradeblock with 20 million people, is now apparently a "brexit buzzword"...
#BrexitShambles UK 2018 stuck in whitewashed history. #Brexit
The government's Withdrawal Agreement is a Bad Deal that's been cooked up by Remainers. It doesn't look like Brexit, it doesn't sound like Brexit... it is not Brexit.
BBC News | Could the #Brexit case to "unilaterally revoke Article 50," spell disaster for the #EU? See what the lawyers say:
I just demanded that the broadcasters promise fair representation in the TV Brexit debates. I think the public should hear from anti-Brexit voices as well as Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn. Add your name to 's petition:
The data gives us what will most likely happen post Brexit in different scenarios. As part of my job I travel up and down the country. I speak with manufacturers, suppliers, production up and down the country and I understand and already see how Brexit is affecting them.
My favourite voice of angry brexit! (Sean, not you).
No deal and hard Brexit is now the only way.
There are big challenges and hard choices: Communities. Effective partnerships are not affected. It is clear that we can go further than calling out and bring the guilty to justice. #Brexit #BrexitChaos #StopBrexit #TheresaMay #Conservatives
If it was Remain I would be able to move to an EU country post-Brexit. I can’t, so it isn’t. So stop peddling more lies.
#tories The irony theresa may offers some tory mps what ever to back her shit brexit deal then they lose there seat and the government then the PM runs away, Lol #Brexit It’s getting very sad and pathetic from the prime minister, #Parliament #PeoplesVote
May heads to Scotland as Brexit deal founders in Westminster
Forget which party any of them belong to, the UK PM should debate with the FM's of Scotland, Wales and N.I. We're used to viewers in Scotland being asked to base their political opinions on TV debates where devolved matters are ignored, but Brexit has huge implications for all.
Why does Donald Trump oppose Theresa May's Brexit deal?
This is the undercurrent of the right wing who use brexit as an excuse to marginalise and bully immigrants. Im so fucking angry at your Robinsons+Farages+Hopkins and their limpets who think they can treat other humans like this. This poor lad. What state is this country in ffs ?
The government's Withdrawal Agreement is a Bad Deal that's been cooked up by Remainers. It doesn't look like Brexit, it doesn't sound like Brexit... it is not Brexit.
She loves Edinburgh. Her son is doing really well in school here. She doesn't want to leave. But if she can't get a job, she will have no choice. That's just the reality of Brexit.
Fresh row looms as No 10 refuses to publish full Brexit legal advice
That bit in the Alan Partridge radio show where one of his guests is impersonating him, shouting, "Let me on the telly! Let me on the telly!"
If the PM's Brexit deal is voted down next month, then Theresa May could be ousted, try again in the new year, or could shift her position on Brexit altogether
Throw Poland out of EU and get Britain back, as Poland is spending British EU money they wanted back and thus causes the only problem for EU. Let Poland go poor on its own again &amp; to #VisegradGroup instead. NO #BREXIT, BUT #POLEXIT!!!
Will be interesting to see if the media decides this is "too complicated to cover." It's a real constitutional crises in the offing.
I think she knows a lot more about what will happen in a no deal brexit than you do.
Caroline Lucas has always been excellent on fighting homelessness. Most pro-Brexit MPs have not
Brexit high on the most read stories again.
Another one bites the dust! A no deal Brexit is increasingly looking like not only the Best Deal but the most likely deal. Hooray! One thing for certain it is pointless listening to HMG on no deal issues as they simply tell lies about it.
Tory divisions: the factions preparing for fall of May's Brexit deal
The seismic shock of Brexit will change the UK’s politics for ever | Rafael Behr by
If you go #metric, you never come back... (except for #Brexit-ers)
The most corrupt #govt in history : 1.destroyed democracy 2.bankrupting companies &amp; the #UK 3.rigging the unemployment figures 4.starving the #NHS &amp; public services of cash 5.chasing a #Brexit that only a minority of people &amp; the super rich want? Get rid now #PeoplesVote #FBPE
Theresa May finds herself in the same situation the US is now facing, the backlash that inevitably comes when those who put party above country, divide their nations all to reward billionaires &amp; maintain power!
There's a very simple solution to Mrs May's problem. How to get the deal through parliament, while at the same time keeping remainers happyish and which will also avoid No Deal but so far I've yet to see anyone else suggest it.(???) #Brexit #BrexitDeal #BrexitAgreement #Berxit
'People were sold a lie': Ruthin restless over May's Brexit deal
We are talking Brexit honey.
May’s deal is doomed but Brexit cannot be delayed. We are where we are, if the deal is not deemed good enough (and it absolutely isn’t) then it’s a clean Brexit, WTO terms and no £39,000,000,000 for the EU.
Really £1bn not enough then
I hope this makes it clear to the last #PCPEU believer on twitter. You've been had. Corbyn does not support Remain in anyway. He does not support a #PeoplesVote in any way He WANTS Brexit Labour to block #PeoplesVote rep taking part in Brexit TV debate
Not entirely sure that’s backed up by the fact Labour have been missing targets for over 5 years, well before the Brexit referendum. They also have the lowest set targets in the U.K. with some target times *double* the English targets yet still fail to meet them year in year out
Now do Scotland...
“Let them drink champagne “: Jacob R-M
Why’re they all so scared of #PeoplesVote Could it be because they know public opinion has turned &amp; they want Brexit at any cost.All the sloganising about sovereignty, ‘will of the people’ exposed as manipulative lies.These guys aren’t interested in democracy or national interest
So a BLACK POTUS comments on brexit and you think it's wrong? A WHITE POTUS , whose a racist , bigoted moron comments on brexit and you agree with him Kind of sums up what you are.
Alan B'Stard makes the case for a Brexit - YouTube
Of course if the EU could actually be truly reformed then I'd support no form of Brexit and nor would many. Too many brexiteers voted to leave for disgusting racist and xenophobic reasons.
Aouars been next level, need to snatch him up before the elite take notice, can make a profit as well by selling brexit Barkley.
Italian Deputy Prime Minister Matteo Salvini has launched another sensational attack on the EU - this time over #Brexit
German TV show ridicules Brexit saying it is like a football match because 'in the end, England loses'
Those Welsh interviewees on c4news were illuminating. A clear move across the board from leave to remain This brexit thing is dead. Dead. Some people just need to accept that
Brexit explained!
Well not strictly true. You won’t answer because you know full well that the vote for Brexit has had an adverse effect on the value of Sterling. Are you sure you are a currency dealer?
and Have abstained from the North of Ireland for nearly 100yrs. They were bought off by Lloyd George for a #VichyFreeState. So if they want to stand in Elections here after 100yrs - WELL GOOD! Come on up its a lovely shithole ya sold us into.
'People were sold a lie': Rhuthun (Ruthin) restless over May's Brexit deal
Peter, there is a serious factual error in this analysis. The cost of the financial crisis was a one-off. The #Brexit costs are annual. Over a decade, the cost of #Brexit could be a trillion pounds, much more than the financial crisis. I hope you will correct any misunderstanding
Listening to Brexit minister Robin Walker MP on I'm reminded of Robin Day's famous words about why the public should trust you, a here today, gone tomorrow politician.
couldn’t deliver a pizza to Number 11 in 30 minutes or less, let alone a #Brexit which respects the referendum.
.She's an idiot. Just look at the mess she's created in her country!
Trump's Brexit comments aren't necessarily wrong, but they are unhelpful
Get a rep from every party in.
My liver couldn’t take it!
PM hits back at Trump as she begins bid to sell Brexit deal
Daily Brexit Update – 27 November 2018 -via
Tory Toff talking about feelings. Admits he doesn't have any.
“The true opposition in Parliament” yup, all one of you, bet the government are shitting themselves.
Arrogant MSM asks ‘ is it wise for Mr Corbyn to do this debate’. Hilarious as Mrs May ran scared of GE debate in 2017. Labour’s superior Brexit plan on their website/has been broadcast on PMQs for the last year. Useless/running scared MSM, ITv/BBC/Sky Tory bias.
- have you actually submitted a vote of no confidence yet to the 1922 committee? As a brexit voter myself I'm keen to find out if you actually have the balls to back up your criticisms of after you chickened out of the last leadership race
The UN published a population replacement plan for Europe in 2000 updated this year This will be more damaging to the UK than Brexit As usual Western Europe &amp; Scandinavia are signing while governments in the East defend the integrity of their people Suicidal
You want us to back the Brexit deal? How do we do that without a #PeoplesVote?
Yes, Donald Trump is talking perfect sense on May’s Brexit deal it's
"In summary, Article 50 can be revoked, certainly by mutual consent, and probably unilaterally by the UK." #RevokeArticle50Now Best: revoke now - then we can avoid years and years of Brexit crap obscuring all other politics. You all know it make sense
BREXIT going splendidly well, and clearly going to deliver exactly what the people voted for.
This is just the type of vertical trade arrangement that I imagine will replace most trade after Brexit. It is effectively similar to the scene we had prior to joining the EU, when we were the 'Poor man of Europe'. Some will benefit by Brexit, but not all.
Amazing, for anyone who thought colonial arrogance and delusions of righteousness were only found when it came to Brexit, here it is alive and well and wanting to move towards Empire 2!
Theresa May rejects Donald Trump's criticism of Brexit deal - The Guardian via
#BBCBias we know what you’re up to. And it’s not that clever. So don’t pat yourself on the back.
THERESA MAY - She should have been preparing for Brexit. • Installing technology at the Port's of Entry, for frictionless trade. • Rebuilding the Fishing Fleet. • Building Car Manufacturing Plants, to replace the German and French imports. Instead she's been stitching us up!
Love that logic. In short, yes. Seems ridiculous that ‘ploughing ahead’ is the PM’s position, despite the fact that Brexit started off as a shelf and now looks like a door.
If you’re a Lecturer in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a catastrophe for you. If you live in Northern Ireland then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this catastrophe! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
The brexit deal is so good its consequences are kept confidential by legal obligation. What a government.
We are in EU now, EU Treaties caused this, whilst UK in EU, opportunist greed from opening of UK borders &amp; trade for loans &amp; ppl mentality, which EU has encouraged. Brexit will be start to stop it &amp; EU multi- nats &amp; billns &amp; Remainers, esp in EU centric EUDON, will have to pay!
I guess those who are so minded will persist in wondering aloud if forecasts are worth the paper they’re written on.
What happened to the promise that rights for EU citizens would be unchanged?
There is absolutely no way the people of the UK would accept a Hobson's Choice between Theresa's Brexit &amp; a No-Deal Brexit - between a terrible deal &amp; an apocalyptic one? The Peoples' Vote options must, of democratic necessity, include the option to Remain.
Yes, Donald Trump is talking perfect sense on May’s Brexit deal | Peter Mandelson
#Politics Donald Trump slams Brexit plan and suggests it won't mean a trade deal with the US -
PM hits back at Trump as she begins bid to sell Brexit deal Theresa May has hit
Did no one tell this shit for Brains Government that Brexit is to leave the EU, Customs Union &amp; the Single market, because that was what the vote was for.
“The promises made to the electorate 2.5 years ago have proved to be false and we are now having to take a reality check. A #peoplevote will enable electors to consider tangible matters as opposed to ideals before placing a cross on the paper.” #NoBrexit
Naw actually, #corbyn was unclear on britex, b4 reverendum &amp; his record would reflect he was more about leaving. #May was a remained who toed party line she has more in common with Nicola on that aspect of asp. As 4 debate aye &gt;
Brexit!!
More fake news from mainstream journalists trying to influence Brexit
No-deal Brexit could hit F1 races around Europe, says McLaren chief
Not at all
So im assuming you voted brexit as well. Can I ask why?
I would too if I were them. #properlyShownUp #RUNAWAAAAY #YouCantHandleTheTruth #ScardeyWeeShiteHawks
The credibility of Govt economic forecasts on Brexit is zero. The real story is why the civil service have become so politicised that they are prepared to trot out these forecasts on demand.
Absolutely excellent!
This Tory Government was not given a mandate . It did not win the General Election. The EU Referendum advised the previous Tory Govt to seek Brexit.
"Today I visited Wales and Northern Ireland. I listened to farmers, start-ups and traders; employers, students and academics. The Brexit deal brings certainty to them, and stability for everyone in the United Kingdom." – PM Theresa May #BackTheBrexitDeal
Nobody has experience in Brexit. The only experience is in throwing plastics all over the planet, destroying the climate.
What to expect from a no-deal Brexit Link: Cmts:
More fake news from mainstream journalists trying to influence Brexit
You've never listened to anyone in your life. We want to leave the EU, not remain on much worse terms. Resign. #Brexit #MayMustGo
Why Brexit is tearing the United Kingdom apart
Man is a twat. Been saying it for 18 months.
I approve this delightful message!
Theresa May is obsessed with immigration. She thinks that selling her plan to immediately stop "low-skilled" EU workers from coming here is going to make people forget they are being made poorer. Stoke up all xenophobia love.
Brexit news: Brexiteer brilliantly DISMANTLES no-deal Brexit scare stories | UK | News |
That box was opened by coward David Cameron, the precious contents trampled under foot by dictator May Even if Brexit is stopped our country has been weakened and devided The harm inflicted is greater than any other event in the history of out country it will take decades to heal
Funny she tried that lark in 2017. Look how well that turned out for the Conservative party. I wish Cabinet would stop threatening everyone to keep Mrs May in power. It’s time she stepped aside for the national interest, for Brexit and the party. MPs #VoteDownTheDeal #ChuckMay
Why would she..she had no plan A?
Getting very rough over here bro,if this brexit deal goes through it basically puts an end to any talk of JC renationalising our railways or anything else. But it essentially thats what the eu are all about. You should watch the clip of junker ranting about countries soverienty.
Will hostility to May’s Brexit deal force a plan B? - via
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar tells Sinn Fein to BACK Theresa May over #Brexit or resign their seats from Westminster #TheresaMay
Its the easiest thing in the world to accept the only brexit deal possible. But it’s a compromise between divergent brexiter positions - the worst of all worlds, the deal that nobody wants, a blind exit, a bad deal in fact. And does nothing for Remainers - now the majority of us.
Battlefield V: Inclusive Revisionism Also, disband the ATF, NSA, EU, and UN! Repeal the National Firearms Act and all other gun control! #MAGA #Brexit #GamerGate #SpyGate #Corruption #Freedom #DeclarationOfIndependence #Liberty
Brexit has killed so many political careers. It has already cost so much of the economic growth we should have had. It's almost like the sauron's ring of modern day politics.
Brexit fallout: Revoking Article 50 may be put back on the table by the ECJ via
The dying, corrupt Hootsmon again trying to create fire from an ember. Yes - there is impatience. Yes - there are differences of opinion on timing &amp; the way forward. Some of these run deep. That’s because we are passionate about our cause. Sorry Unionists - this ain’t the end.
Year 13 politics:Is the Tory Chief whip changing backbench opinion on the Brexit deal?
Fantastic take away and reflection of all that &amp; its members have achieved already in 2018. So excited to see what 2019 brings for the group. Putting voices of experience firmly on the map!
It becomes apparent Gove is a sniveling four eyes cunt.
BUT I was gonna ask you the same question - Can I go over to yours till all this Brexit bullshit has blown over? ;)
Punch and Judy show
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
"Today I visited Wales and Northern Ireland. I listened to farmers, start-ups and traders; employers, students and academics. The Brexit deal brings certainty to them, and stability for everyone in the United Kingdom." – PM Theresa May #BackTheBrexitDeal
Not yet she hasn’t. She will if we let her get away with it. I trust we wont
Three quarters of UK carmakers fear no-deal Brexit - SMMT - Reuters
Theresa May rejects Trump criticism of her Brexit deal - via
The UK's post Brexit immigration policy is highly damaging for hospitatlity and has been reffereed to as "the most savage act of self-harm by a British Government in living memory!" READ THE FULL STORY: #brexit #hospitality #immigrationpolicy
Retail thought .."why don't we do our own Brexit like suicide"
So where can the Scottish People see the fantasy “Remain” in the EU comparables to compare with the figures being the result of your assumptions leading to each of the figures quoted by you please? Scotland has never been a Member of the EU You do know that? #SNP18 #Brexit
He's lying. Why do these people lie? To further an agenda that's why. They were already going to move out. They're moving production nearer to where they sell the product. They moved to a 4 day week 5 years ago. Here's the unpoliticised story
Oh yes jolly well done Justine for disrespecting all those 17.4m voters who understood leave means leave in the eyes of the commons, who voted by a large majority to deliver #Brexit . Well done for attempting to kill off democracy for decades in the UK. 10/10.
After Brexit the UK will look to the US which is in a relative decline and just isn't a reliable ally under the current administration Maybe Russia? Unlikely considering the Skripal case and Ukraine conflict Maybe China? But Xi Jinping already said he'd prioritize EU &amp; Russia
How can she hit back is correct. Theresa May hits back at Donald Trump as she begins bid to sell Brexit deal
Not only does he look a proper twat, he is a proper twat.
Thanks to Brexit, the European army is on its way
Theresa May, the Brexit vote was an opinion poll. It had no legal basis. You are forcing this through because of promises made to Tory backbenchers. It is obvious to everyone who has a brain what damage this is doing to us. You are an idiot, and you are fucking our country.
I invite Theresa May to drink a foaming tankard of gibbon piss.
Brexit Britain close to agreeing open skies deal with US - via
House of Windsor, screw this democracy BS
Which is more terrifying though? A no-deal Brexit or Diane Abbott as Home Secretary?
Stop the bullshit TM. Stand up and tell us the truth for once that Brexit will be a worse situation for the country than to Remain..... you would go down in history as a better PM for this rather than what you ask heading for
Britain clears trade hurdle ahead of Brexit - via
If May couldn't or had no intention of delivering the brexit the majority voted for she should not have made that promise and come clean at election time. May knew that if her leave means remain plan came out at election time it would have cost the Tories votes.
What are you scared of . . ? I thought you were coming to Scotland to speak to us, not hide from us. #Brexit #DissolveTheUnion #IndyRef2
so how would you vote when parliament votes? Current view from your county is pretty strongly to Remain - do you have the courage to stand for the majority and prove me wrong, or will you continue to misrepresent your constituents but champion your own ego!
"Be afraid, be very afraid: the Theresa May Charmless Offensive is coming soon to a town near you. “Well, we did consider a charm offensive, but it’s, you know, well… it’s Theresa,” explained one source, “so we went with ‘charmless’ instead.” #Brexit
Yeah - that one’s a bit like Brexit. I don’t know for sure what will happen but I don’t like the sound of it
I thought may and liddington believed in democracy ?? This is shocking and they should not be allowed to subvert the will of parliament Parliament is sovereign, not may or her Tory rabble!!
#Trump's #trade wars and #Brexit are making us all poorer, says Jeffrey Frankel in
UK carmakers warn no-deal Brexit would be ‘catastrophic’ - via
May heads to Scotland as Brexit deal founders in Westminster
It will need to be a small hut, maybe a garden hut, so as it makes her few , bussed in supporters, look like many!
All has done is negotiate us into a worse negotiating position. We should have been preparing to leave. #Brexit is being betrayed Join us in London at The Dorchester Hotel opposite Hyde Park at 11:45 on the 9th Dec #BrexitBetrayal #BrexitBetrayalMarch #MayMustGo
In his Armistice Day speech President Macron warns"...there are old demons which are coming back to the surface ..New ideologies that manipulate religions". Does this remind you of the far right DUP? #Brexit
BBC News - Theresa May's Brexit deal is doomed - Sir Michael Fallon
Government on collision course with MPs after confirming it will not publish full Brexit deal legal advice. What else is the traitor PM hiding from us?
Three quarters of UK carmakers fear no-deal Brexit - SMMT
I'm opening a euro account the day it's announced. Best possible outcome for a vote is 'the withdrawal deal' vs remain. I get Blair's argument that everyone hates it so it should be no deal vs remain but that's waaay too risky for me, and it is brexit however ppl want to spin it
If there is to be a #Brexit debate, all parties should be present, or what's the point? And imagine how May would fare...
When the most positive and moral person in the world thinks you’re awful it’s time to take a real hard look at yourself
This government is very good at ignoring their illegal behaviours. they're going to ignore parliament &amp; not publish the Brexit assessment, they're ignoring the UN over poverty, ignoring their electoral fraud, brexit vote corruption, buying the votes of the DUP &amp; of course this
The Brexit deal is no deal at all, leading to a generation of instability until it is either fixed in 20 years, or the UK rejoins the EU as a diminished partner
Tick it off the #Brexit to-do list
Love this response to May's letter to the country.
It’s the Monty Python Spanish Inquisition sketch, brought up to date.... “No one expects the Brexit Inquisition!”...
Do your jobs...
TINA, in other words. Where have I heard that before?
Maybe the CBeebies presenters should stop smiling a bit and dole out eye contact in small doses? Harden those toddlers up! They'll need it after #Brexit
-I showed directly that it wasnt. -He has said repeatedly he does. He supports free movement &amp; SM. Its Labour policy. We havent left yet - I explained those are Tory negotiastion losses. You arent confused... Just a #troll who is now outed.
BBC News - DUP's Foster hits out at May's Brexit 'propaganda' tour NOW NOW LADIES - THERE IS MORE THAT UNITES YOU THAN DIVIDES YOU - YOU NEED EACH OTHER - SADLY !!
If you just want it ‘over and done with’ you’re going to be terribly disappointed as brexit drags out for years, for little gain and much to lose. Just get on with things, that’s remain. Best option too by far...
Excuse me. You ran on a manifesto with other Tory MPs on personal trust in Theresa May to sort out Brexit. If you don't like it maybe you should resign &amp; explain why you suddenly want a Hard Brexit. You'll have to explain it if it happens unless you do a moonlight flit. #Brexit
Project Fear takes one last Ride of the Valkyries.
Her political career is at stake, but let's be honest neither of them will do well. On 1 side you have somebody who has no control of he party or #Brexit #Corbyn is someone who's had hardly anything to say - the weaker of the two I personally think it needs someone pro Brexit
Very much hope the same enthusiasm can be put towards reforming the electoral system once Brexit has been stopped.
Brexit will take its course by the powers that be and there is literally f*#k all we, the people can do about it - There won't be another vote. Whereas there's everything to be done by the people to stop #fracking - We will stop it...we can but need more boots on the ground.
It should be he’s the one who achieved Brexit and can debate unlike the placed Batten by corrupt NEC
The approval from is positive news as we prepare to leave the EU - another step towards our independent trade policy post #Brexit
Forget Brexit, war in Ukraine is the biggest threat to Europe | Simon Jenkins | Opinion | The Guardian
Boris Johnson: Brexit TV debate must include a proper Brexiteer, not just May and Corbyn
Theresa May coming to some Glasgow factory tomorrow to save Brexit. You can just imagine the work meeting today. “Right you lot, we have an important person coming tomorrow morning. If you don’t listen quietly &amp; then cheer loudly you’ll get your jotters in the afternoon.” #brexit
I cant blame Nicola for wanting out of the UK. I am deeply sad that the little Englanders will destroy both unions. While she is still one of us, she can at least help us to fight to keep our Union with Europe.
The real reason I have Twitter is because of stuff like this...
Brexit needs saving follow the link and contact your MP #Britain4Brexit #LeaveMeansLeave #StopTheBetrayal
An election with a “structured choice” between two deeply internally divided parties, both with leaders committed to Brexit, will be completely pointless. The issues that have been sidelined by Brexit will need to be faced. #Wakeuptime
YOU HAD IT IN 2016,DID YOU LOT MISS IT,WE VOTED IF'S OR BUTS,JUST OUT.
Not doing a lot of good. Scotland not even mentioned in brexit deal. Nicola is a lightweight.
Probably get the same response if you asked him whether climate change was good or bad.
"On any conceivable test, this proposed Brexit is worse than the deal we already have inside the EU"
A no-deal Brexit is not an option for the Irish motor industry
No, there was austerity before Brexit, there will be austerity if we remain. We need an anti austerity government, in or out of the EU.
Norwich party leaders could press MPs for Brexit vote
I just demanded that the broadcasters promise fair representation in the TV Brexit debates. I think the public should hear from anti-Brexit voices as well as Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn. Add your name to 's petition:
I would have no worries especially as most of it is outside of the UK
This this this this this this this. From the moment the referendum was announced, EVERYTHING about #Brexit has been a lie, a con and a stitch-up. If it was so great, it wouldn't require deceit and corruption to achieve it. #PeoplesVote #Remain
Can someone genuinely please explain the benefit of a debate on this matter if the public are not getting a say anyway? #BrexitChaos #PeoplesVote
Get his brother on. He wants a no deal Brexit.
"We need an ambitious future relationship with the EU that replicates the benefits of the customs union &amp; single market. No tariffs no quotas no rules of origin no regulatory divergence no border checks. Frictionless trade" #SMMTAnnualDinner
I'm one of your constituents. Can you assure me you will be voting down the Tory brexit fiasco?
Labour have to be careful here, they are starting to lose the people. was everyone's hope, but he's slowly losing respect. #PeoplesVote #brexit
Did 17.4 vote to leave no matter what ? Did they really vote for no deal? I thought lots voted for soft brexit.
That box was opened by coward David Cameron, the precious contents trampled under foot by dictator May Even if Brexit is stopped our country has been weakened and devided The harm inflicted is greater than any other event in the history of our country it will take decades to heal
Yep. Big publicity push needed at speed for a WTO clean Brexit. No time to waste.
UN Global Compact on Migration - migrants have a right to travel &amp; live anywhere &amp; it will b a criminal offense 4citizens &amp; media outlets to criticise mass immigration. T.May plans to sign this for the UK disregarding Brexit agreement to control migration
Lool the Brexit deal he's proposed is practically remaining. This is just a myth. Corbyn campaigned against bReXiT more than most politicians, they just weren't TV appearances. He's consistently given Labour MPs free reign bar a couple of times to respect democracy.
Our Brexitometer in the Buckingham &amp; Winslow Advertiser this week! #PeoplesVote #NotBuyingIt
What the fuck of she does that then there goes ma French citizenship after #Brexit. The #auldalliance mae no happin noo!
This response to Theresa May’s letter has gone viral
Personally I would have leveraged UKs commitment to defend Europe as part of the Brexit Deal. Controversial I know but it’s one of the UK’s biggest bargaining chips &amp; the Govt didn’t even consider it.
Yep, A50 is barely fit for purpose. It's well known it was shoddily drafted as it was never expected to be used. Most of the more cerebral Brexiteers I follow say it shouldnt have been used and Brexit done by treaty over 5-10 years. (May can't take no deal it's too detrimental!)
#PeoplesVote ..... the only sensible democratic option mow
Have the establishment not learned from #ProjectFear. Obviously not.
If she thinks I’m going to buy a shit sandwich for £39Bn, she can think again.
You're a liar. They story is a lie. It's not because of Brexit. Brexit has a part to play in the the timing but the decision was already made. They were going to shut in 2005, they moved to a 4 day week in 2014. Here's the real story
Take comfort. The last attempt at Brexit put people off the idea for 39,000 years
On the bus home after seeing you speak on How to stop Brexit. Brilliant. Informative. Erudite. Witty. #StopBrexit #Bournemouth
This spells out the corruption of Treason Mays Brexit deal. Watch and retweet!
HNews: What to expect from a no-deal Brexit
Id be more than happy to let them take control providing they repay all the tax we have paid since our 50th birthday and full free access to public services.
See, wee Jamie doesn't find paramilitary violence worrying - unless it's of the Republican variety. It's not in him to condemn Loyalist violence, in fact he actively advocates and encourages it in the name of Brexit or preserving his believe union.
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
maths is not his strongest point, perhaps lammy should debate may, they have a lot in common their both useless
Well done Leavers. You did this. We warned you.
But surely a no deal will never get through #Parliament as it would be a dereliction of duty to the country to allow that level of self harm. Therefore MP's would be stupid to vote for May's deal? Why so little news on their refusal to release the full legal advice? #Brexit
. would be better off concentrating on her own job and getting a deal in the North to get Stormont back to work instead of going against the majority of Nothern Ireland who want to stay in the EU. #Brexit #NorthernIreland
The #Brexit plot thickens...
Yep. The dots have all connected. His stock has proper slumped in recent times. Brexit means Brexit after all
Don't remember the British media telling Obama to keep his nose out of brexit
What to expect from a no-deal Brexit (
T. May could have said this from the beginning.
Really? Because we at went to the Northern Irish border and we were told that Brexit would put many of their farms out of business.
Traded, colonized and controlled half the world. Interesting that the younger generation has been taught to hate their history, culture and legacy. They believe open borders and being part of a fantasy European village is the only way the UK can survive. Sound vaguely familiar?
Boris Johnson: Brexit.
But every prediction made about Brexit other than the fall in the £ which was actually a benefit, has been wrong. No one believes these projections which don't include details of any deals because we haven't finalised them yet
Sturgeon has ignored the democratic decision of the people of Scotland in the indyref. How dare she say what she does about Brexit and the UK government!
NIESR: #brexit = £100bn worse off by 2030
Nobody really knows what future holds? Certainly not the self proclaimed experts. But ppl do know if Brexit is stalled, democracy in UK is gone.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Buttweasel.
So a promoted post from an account with 5.4milion followers. If social media is even the slightest guide, the pitiful interaction on the post should tell Theresa May all she needs to know about needing to go back to the drawing board.
Which Brexit rally will you attend? Tommy Robinson &amp; free Brexit means exit march Dec 9th or Leave means leave with &amp; £21.91 rally Dec 14th? Please RT.
Piss rain. Hot chocolate. Brexit tackles.
Just overheard pensioners: “the most worrying thing I’ve heard [about brexit] is I accepted everything Corbyn said” “if we lose brexit and Corbyn gets in we might as well take that tablet you’ve been talking about”
Politicians have made a backside of Brexit they do not represent the peoples views.
Brexit was a big mistake fueled by racism and bigotry.
Ir preferably a leadership challenge. Let get rid of the devil incarnate.
Well said
Bec TMay in her wisdom declared the result mandatory. She said the Brit Ppl hv decided. She picked up a loose ball &amp; ran with it and Parl so far has let her do that. But MPs are not bound by a non-binding ref. Any MP has a perfect right to vote against Brexit &amp; against May+Gov.
Yes, Donald Trump is talking perfect sense on May’s Brexit deal | Peter Mandelson
Wow! People in this thread excusing mass murder
A competent leader of the opposition would be all over this like a rash. Too bad we haven't got one.
Immigration plans might not be published before# Brexit vote Hey You're a #joker! No clue or embarrassingly avoiding the issue. Just like all the #tories going for a long punt. #nachoStance
we can of course then start working on a proper exit manifesto that spells out what Brexit would actually mean; when this is done this could be a party manifesto or another referendum question
UK car industry: no-deal Brexit could have 'devastating impact'
Immigration plans might not be published before Brexit vote, says Javid - The Guardian… #News #Politics
NEVER NEVER NEVER... Get back to No 10 and start clearing your desk. You're making this country a laughing stock around the WORLD.. Even the Aussies feel sorry for us.. thanks to YOU!... GET OUT!!!
They've already set a massive precedent by delivering a remain strategy as opposed to #Brexit. At least they're being consistent. The route they're taking though is doomed. I think Brexit will forever change the face of UK politics, for the better. UK democracy will prevail.
The people voted 4 Brexit. Politicians trying undemocratic tactics. Shame on them. If there were another vote which chose remain should we have a third &amp; make it best of three??? Your constituents are asking you to vote in favour of TM deal, or do you know better than the people?
EA74 : Gilets Jaunes - Macron - Budget Italien - Brexit - Loi Fake News ... via
Seems a bit desperate and odd that our PM has to go around the UK selling an EU proposed #Brexit deal that the country has already voted for unless of course It Is Not Brexit
I just demanded that the broadcasters promise fair representation in the TV Brexit debates. I think the public should hear from anti-Brexit voices as well as Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn. Add your name to 's petition:
It appears that has abandoned (ie reneged on) the manifesto on which she fought the last election, AND broken her personal promises to deliver #Brexit (as opposed to an indeterminate prison sentence). Don't you think it's about time to ditch her?
Let debate: Corbyn is not an advocate for remain, for a ‘people’s vote’. Not even an advocate for a single market customs union compromise. A debate between May and Corbyn is between two Brexits that are only different around the margins
Brussels uses #Brexit to flex #fintech muscles: #finserv #insurtech #startups
Doesn't know a thing.#Brexit is going to shite.
Carole Cadwalladr wins Foreign Press award for Trump and Brexit work
I am no expert but this article is so compelling- why have we left it so late!!
Well I guess there’s nothing I can trust. First trump, then Brexit, then I learn Finland isn’t even a country and now this. Fml
What to expect from a no-deal Brexit (Discussion on HN -
Brexit: May 'blocked unilateral offer for EU citizens' rights' last June
"literally cabbages..." time to stop brexit.
#Brexit the endless
So where can the Scottish People see the fantasy “Remain” in the EU comparables to compare with the figures being the result of your assumptions leading to each of the figures quoted by you please? Scotland has never been a Member of the EU You do know that? #SNP18 #Brexit
Truly extraordinary stuff going down in Britain to get deal through.
They are both Leavers so what's to win other than bloody awful Brexit or really sh*t Brexit? #NoBrexit
You know what needs to happen. Caroline Flint will support May’s deal John Mann Undecided Jon Cruddas Undecided Ian Austin Undecided Ronnie Campbell Undecided Sir Kevin Barron – Undecided John Spellar – Undecided Jim Fitzpatrick Undecided Kevan Jones Undecided
I always hate feeling pressured into getting Amazon Prime. Yeah Capitalism! Three cheers for Brexit. Will of the people and stuff.
She doesn't even mean well!!!
The Akalpurakh ki Fauj (Army of God) have declared Dharam Yudh (holy war) against the Tories and Brexit
PM hits back at #Trump as she begins bid to sell #Brexit deal
lol really Same people who were up in arms over the Kenyan (their reference) having an opinion on where Brexit would end up were cheering Trump when he laid into May over Brexit on his visit, and now call him sage for confirming futility of global Brexit agenda. Pathetic really
Hang on an a minute. Wasn't the post-Brexit migration regime the only good thing about Brexit the government could think of?
Norwich party leaders could press MPs for #Brexit vote
In addition a no a deal #Brexit will: - reduce greenhouse gas emissions, reduce the risk of cancer and heart disease by effecting meat farming. Climate and health benefits. #climatechange #NoDealBrexit
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Farming will need reforming after brexit but let’s not discuss how the Eu pay farmer not to grow to keep prices high
"The different opinion " was the one coming from the EU I take it ! Why does she continually agree with the EU against,not only her own MPs but against the 17.4m that voted for an actual BREXIT!? Not a BINO ! We will be hamstrung ,and become subservient to to eu more than ever!
My sentiments exactly: Letter to Jeremy Corbyn: your nation is threatened – back a people’s vote by Gina Miller
I love your books and your views on Brexit. Don’t stop either.
He just cares more about enacting change than divisive bReXiT debates. As long as the deal protects our interests and rights of everyone here and Brits in the EU, Corbyn doesn't care. And neither do I tbh
This is it.
As I have opined previously:- We have a PM who is an arsent Europhile yet has to deliver #Brexit and an oposition leader who is a well documented HATER of the #EU but now has to pretend to be supporting it.
Ultimately you think Brexit will •Grow our economy •strengthen The Union •is good for UK Time will tell...we’ll just have to agree to disagree...we’ll see by 2022.
“The market metaphor (“supply side”) distorts the problem. If democracy is about matching supply and demand, then politicians are in the job of marketing, and voters just expressing preference” -
I see he wants a "Mueller style inquiry" in UK, presumably into Brexit likely as a means of discrediting &amp; delegitimising the democratic mandate. Perhaps they hope to force a weak, unstable government into agreeing to one before March 29 when the UK is supposed to leave the EU.
Good point. Still ended up in a large shed today with the business fraternity. Won’tturn heads this way. However, it is the sort of dirty cheating tactics one would expect of - a cheat. Now she is refusing to release documents on brexit that Parliament voted to see.
PM hits back at #Trump as she begins bid to sell #Brexit deal
The Dairy Companies Association of NZ is describing a proposed split to NZ dairy’s tariff rate quotas for Brexit as unjustifiable and flawed #agchatnz #DCANZ
My local conservative association has wrote to me inviting me to a presentation of the Brexit deal,told them to get stuffed , don’t need to waste my time listening to lies , told them it’s BRINO and we all know lots of promises again . Just likes the PMs red lines
Trump weakens May's hand, says Brexit deal 'good for EU'
We already knew it &amp; her bezzie truly thinks we are daft! Get rid of that backstop trap!
Some food for thought amongst the seemingly endless madness
This is the guy that told all those lies about how good Brexit would be. What a baffoon.
Can we buy him and Ndombele to replace the Brexit bois?
has repeatedly said brexit showed the people are concerned about immigration. On the basis that she is aware of peoples views she should under no circumstances sign the UN Migration Pact
They are scared to face a real politician. You would run rings round both of them and they know it.
Great thread.
Waste of oxygen this orange Yankee Nazi
#Brexit #TV debate: commentators discuss possible line-up
What the actual fuck is a proper Brexit? Enliten us
Just read it. READ it. Mike Harding is a legend!
Oh she’s welcome in London. Unfortunately she’s listened to the privileged few for far too long and is out of touch with the reality of the UK the rest of us now inhabit. #BrexitBetrayal
Bound to be a massive success on a par with the rest of her handling of Brexit.
Anything at all from establishment clown on this??
No, of you'd listened you'd have heard that the majority don't want Brexit, least of all the young from whom you're stealing their opportunity to travel &amp; work in the EU. #Brexit is a disaster &amp; pointless national self-harm.
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
They say that great deals sell themselves! Don't they?
- This is pure propaganda and we're not buying it. #PeoplesVoteWithOptionToRemain
A view from down under - Tony Abbott on his view on "How to save Brexit'. Who wants to save #Brexit?
See these little shits? Doing this? This was around before Brexit, bit this epitomises the nasty shitty racist underbelly of our nation that’s come to the surface x100 since Brexit. That kid deserves a kick in the fucking balls. His parents the same. Fucks sake.
Surely nothing is being hidden? Not by honest straight talkers like May, Rudd, Hammond etc Who could have imagined that?
would you consider the SDP? I think with your great 2015 manifesto, and your dedication, it could be a fantastic platform to push brexit and further the social change we need.
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
Isle of Man, Jersey and Guernsey sign deal with UK over post-Brexit trade - BBC News via
PM hits back at Trump as she begins bid to sell Brexit deal
Personally, I don't really expect any individual petition to make much of a difference. But the fact that they keep coming and we keep signing them are a reminder that we're not ALL "Bored of Brexit", and keeps the pressure on the govt. Reminds MPs that this is still NOT settled.
Next time you're asked. It's a long list. And not exhaustive.
With no agreement on Brexit, Britain hurtles into the abyss
You have got to be joking right?? As regards Brexit, then there might as well not be an opposition the way Corbyn behaves! On other issues, Labour just keep nicking our policies. Without acknowledgement I believe.
Maybe we could have had a fucking debate before the fucking brexit shite. I am infuriated at how much time, energy, money, lives are being wasted by this bullshit and the inability of out politicians to hold this shitshow of a government to account. So much else we need to do.
You can tell her heart isn’t in Brexit anymore. Tired sound bites and cliches. No answers, just rhetoric.
We absolutely cannot afford to isolate ourselves, monetarily or strategically,Russia's having a flounce about, Trump's a crisis all by himself, &amp; we all need to start working globally to tackle climate change, plastic pollution, poverty. An exercise in ego and twattery= brexit
A US friend asked me “WTF is going on with #Brexit?” I said I don’t know &amp; doubt most people in UK, whether they’re Remain, Leave or Neutral, know WTF is going on either. But Theresa May has achieved the impossible: uniting #Remain and #Leave in agreeing her deal is shite. #GTTO
With no agreement on Brexit, Britain hurtles into the abyss
New warning on Brexit: A 'no deal’ would be catastrophic. Plants will close. Jobs will be lost.'
Making the same mistakes you made in the last GE. Preaching to the converted....
Really don't understand what is hoping to achieve with her "UK Brexit Tour". Does she honestly think people will contact their MPs after meeting her?? Only way to truly find out what the public think of her deal is to put it to a vote.... #PeoplesVote
Brexit in tweet form
Brexit court case 'could lead to disaster', EU lawyers warn - BBC News
Write write write to your MP now about this Brexit business before it's too late!
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
lol I see what you're doing ;) But... It is stated at purchase whether you can return or not. I don't believe it was ever claimed that we could redo the Brexit vote if we weren't satisfied with it
May rebukes Trump as she bids to sell Brexit deal Republicans have the world looking down on USA
My MP is luke4swindon, he'll be swinging the sword of brexit and voting against his constituents yet again, no matter what.
Are you in favour of Brexit, fella?
Trump's Brexit comments aren't necessarily wrong, but they are unhelpful
'It's historical STUPIDITY' Fury in Spain after Sanchez agrees Gibraltar Brexit deal
Marmite, it's like Brexit, you either love it or hate it.
An ally of David Davis gets in touch: “Tell them thanks for the idea”
If you get to vote on the Brexit deal what would you vote for?
"There is a direct correlation between friction &amp; competitiveness. The more the friction, the weaker our competitiveness. For us, Brexit is about damage limitation. There is no "Brexit dividend" #SMMTAnnualDinner
This image will be on our banknotes after Brexit #news #Brexit #unicorn #comedy #humour
Scottish independence supporters really need to realise that Brexit makes the argument much more difficult. Important stuff here from
More food banks after Brexit.
They'll be talking about bananas in a few years...how Brexit happened because of bendy ones and then how we couldn't afford to buy any again. In food tech (or whatever it's called) they'll make bramble bread
The Brexiteers have now got a leader to replace her, so they'll vote against. And the remainers will vote aghast. I think from this point on her defeat and resignation are inevitable.
#PeoplesVote or #ClimateChangeAct . Which one is the real and upcoming tragedy. What should we really be focusing on? What is the biggest threat to #uk .. #focus. #Brexit #ClimateEmergency #GlobalWarming #GivingTuesday2018
Like many he probably never saw it coming and it looks to be a total stitch up and never going to happen anyway...
You must agree though that in the current situation not being able to influence the Brexit delusion in a positive way is no good for anyone. There comes a point when abstentionism is counterproductive.
Very definition of Brexit Britain here. Sickening.
Treason may’s Brexit deal is dead , I imagine her career is soon to follow . . .
just a last - having looked at the quoted tweet that kicked this off. The strength of #FBPE is that we are a cross-party movement. WE agree on one thing - that #brexit must be stopped, &amp; that is more important than any other political consideration right now. So we will ...
The responsible for consequence of Brexit lies squarely in the grasping mitts of the moronic squatters sitting in 10 Downing St today. If we have an election, we can end austerity &amp; the suffering of the vulnerable. Anything else is wiffle.
Giles, I’m here to help with the search for validation and clarity. BS free zone, so which items are BS ones? RT : I’ve yet to read a single piece of substantiated propaganda from the brexit campaign that has been validated and proved true I’m afraid!
Do we all wear black and keep the curtains closed?
Hey . I'm still patiently waiting for a response to my last tweet. It's getting colder. I know you're very busy negotiating a nonsensical Brexit but it sort of looks like you don't care. I'm 43 years old and I've never ever seen so many homeless people on the street.
Stop Article 13, Brexit's going to end up looking like a good idea #SavetheInternet
He's quite right. Just look at what they're doing to their country because they can't get their own way. Remember, they're going to come after our fishermen any time soon.
Hi . Would you be willing to debate with for , or even ?
Today I visited Wales and Northern Ireland. I listened to farmers, start-ups and traders; employers, students and academics. The Brexit deal brings certainty to them, and stability for everyone in the United Kingdom. #BackTheBrexitDeal
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
Local florist spoke about the impact of Brexit on her business. It's already happening, my flowers are imported &amp; the cost of flowers has rocketed up. I can't pass on those costs so am making very little profit. We have 21 Florists in Havering. Prob most owned by women. Not good?
Thanks. Will follow. You might like my just-now thread on Bologna factories and Brexit.
This is the kind of disgusting mob mentality act that #Brexit has emboldened- look who ukip just employed - I am proud that i have never walked on the brexit leave side of the road.
If the UK decides to turn around and cancel Brexit, they better be ready to give up some up-outs (certainly its budget contribution rebate)...
Clearly hiding bad stuff
Today ah' visited Wales and Nordern Ireland. ah' listened t'farmers, start-ups and traders; employers, students and academics. De Brexit deal brings certainty t'dem, and stability for everyone in de United Kingdom. 'S coo', bro. #BackTheBrexitDeal
British Forces to be ordered around by Germany? Wtf was WW's 1 and 2 for? This is another attempt by Germany to rule Europe. They were prevented from having an Air Force of their own, so now they are demanding everyone else's. Churchill's reverse two fingered salute required.
Oh look Another berk in the shires full of idiotic comments English,people,fighting each other in the streets across England and this is all he can think about Explains Brexit really
Waste of public money. Just resign!
And, things like this will have added to the struggle:
Well said Georgie, so close to home too
Botched deal........OMG he is right.
You're a representative democracy. The UK is NOT mob rule. Politicians that see how badly Brexit will damage their country and hurt their constituents SHOULD do what's best for both. Not just blindly follow the mob.
Because the Brexit that was promised was a fantasy.
Pity you did not speak to them earlier. When many outcomes would be known.
Lol yes I remember the Minister saying this in committee
PM's new Brexit mantra: everything is agreed although nothing is agreed | John Crace
World Trade Organisation rules aren't unknown. They just don't involve EU control. You know, actual #Brexit.
Its obvious Brexit
You could resign and go live on Mars and no-one would care.
Well there are a few Centrists that will crawl out from under their naked ambition that has nothing to do with serving constituents under Ministerial Code Rules, and everything to do with failing the people of this country.
The only reason for Brexit is that Britain want to contain its dominance over Europe. And avoid the invasion of Eastern Europe population for Britain nationality. Because they are ready to work on much lesser wages in Britain.
Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day | Marina Hyde
And when they say that we're bored of #Brexit then that's why. We asked for #Brexit , not #BrexitBetrayal or people waffling on about a losers #PeoplesVote
Now this is the lady I want to go on the TV debate
I doubt that Andrea Leadsom wants you to see this, so please don't look ..... :)
Amazing how many and the Tories think they can do anything they want. A total joke, and a show of how corrupt they are. Unwilling to give the information they've been told too, because they know it'll show how screwed they are.
Apparently, the unit set up to save May's "deal" has conceded defeat. It's all about damage limitation. If she loses by more than 100 votes, she resign immediately.
UK car industry: no-deal Brexit could have ‘devastating impact’
1. Why would the Tories vote for a GE? 2. The EU has said it won’t renegotiate May’s deal to any significant extent. The options are May’s deal, no deal or no Brexit. Corbyn has to decide which option he supports or remain a complete irrelevance to the Brexit debate.
And yes, there are possible bReXiT deals that aren't disastrous. Pretending there isn't is just stupid. Just happens that those deals are effectively remaining. So as long as Labour were to get into government, I know my interests would be protected.
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
If #Corbyn signals his support for a #PeoplesVote before the #meaningfulvote, will that push #Brexiters towards #TheresaMay's deal? Her deal or no #Brexit?
Live footage from #TheresaMay and her #Brexit tour to win hearts and minds.
It's a sign. Even Santa is against #Brexit. He saw the list and checked it twice and he knows whose been naughty.
Tories defy binding democratic Parliamentary vote in desperate attempt to hide "damning" Brexit legal advice
It`s the other way round: Peoples vote = Brexit. Politicians duty = Make a Brexit. Let`s put your view of things into german politics: Merkel got her election without any connection to the migration deal of die UN. So, we should have another election now, don`t we?
I just demanded that the broadcasters promise fair representation in the TV Brexit debates. I think the public should hear from anti-Brexit voices as well as Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn. Add your name to 's petition:
I guess no-one else was stupid enough to step up to the gang f**k David left behind , need someone at the helm who believes in the UK and brexit
Hope she has a civil servant with her who can advise her on where it is and how to get tnere.
Breaks my heart — I’ve no doubt that this bullshit is the direct result of the hate and intolerance being peddled throughout society. Shoutout to Brexit, Farage and his far-right cronies.
Hey . I'm still patiently waiting for a response to my last tweet. It's getting colder. I know you're very busy negotiating a nonsensical Brexit but it sort of looks like you don't care. I'm 43 years old and I've never ever seen so many homeless people on the street.
'Brexit means Brexit, Biddy-Biddy, Buck'!
Oh Vince, no deal is the default. It's not on the table, it is the table. #brexit
It's a Brexit event with leavers from across the spectrum attending. Why should you oppose that?
A debate is not a debate unless all parties are heard. May and Corbyn are both Brexiteers - why is Remain not represented.
surprised at your reaction,you could not get a cigarette paper between their #Brexit positions,they fear intelligent dissent to their joint madness,our system is broken,enabling the power stays with them,they don't care about people's lives
I’m not a Tory but let’s be honest nobody wanted that job and everyone thinks they can do better yet still they ain’t queuing up to do it are they.... so give the woman a break where the fuck in Corbyn on brexit - Yep Eurosceptic got it
brexit is currently costing us £500m a week. Currently, the EU costs each person 37p in every £100. About £64 a year per person. Post Brexit, it will leave us £1000 per person worse off per year. More with no deal. You’re right. Learning facts is fun!
Guess that makes Brexit the Peasants Revolt. Maybe they shouldn’t have bothered &amp; tried to reform feudalism from within.
While I want to stay in the #EU, I do think it should be a decision by the EU to allow withdrawal of Article 50. Perhaps not needing unanimous consent, but like 75% or something.... #Brexit "Brexit court case 'could lead to disaster', EU lawyers warn"
I don’t think any prime minister could get through Brexit unscathed , I respect that you haven’t quit yet even though brexit is not great for the UK, the liars in brexit campaign should be jailed
Brexit is a battle of ideas on who has the best ideas to knock out the opponent. Please read an article titled Ideas on the link below. Search for it on the top right hand corner of the search panel. Very relevant to our current status quo
Yeah. United in a common cause. Whether you like it or not independence just can't be called. Ask the Catalans. The EU don't get involved in Sovereign matters. Scotland isn't sovereign in the eyes of the UN either. You need to stop Brexit and get ind. that way - your best hope.
No. It’ll be about as successful as her General Election campaign. She should have been dumped then.
No 'ideal Brexit' exists, it is chimeric. Those who ill advisedly plunged N.Ireland into this uncertainty cannot evade their responsibility by invoking some wholly spurious 'betrayal' narrative. 17M equally deluded Brexits are not tge basis of how a State should conduct itself.
The man is a weasel he has been promised a knighthood just you wait and see
What really Brexit mean for left You may know about this gathering last week in London re People Brexit. This short clip could be useful to help convince some of our comrades that disagree with Brexit’s principles and misunderstand its class analysis.
Lib Dems will remove Brexit....
No. It's a lie. We can, it now seems, unilaterally revoke A50 at any point before end of March. If we do, Brexit stops. Also EU made it clear that they would extend A50 if People's Vote on the cards. Brexit stops if result was Remain. I'm afraid it is you who is 'misinformed'.
Awesome coverage from #smh in #Oz. This is theatre as tragedy. The EU saying convolutedly what needs. But this means #BtexitIsForevef! #finalday #peoplesvote
Tory MPs won’t dispose of after she loses the vote, as they know she’s their best chance of overturning #brexit. It’s 1 big stitch up
If I was Prime Minister for a day I would make using the word brexit illegal! I’m over it today and it’s even being mentioned on corrie i cannot escape it
I just demanded that the broadcasters promise fair representation in the TV Brexit debates. I think the public should hear from anti-Brexit voices as well as Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn. Add your name to 's petition:
Six things about Corbyn’s latest response on Brexit via
go go go.. worst woman in history
Well done, Wallace!
I’ve never implied that. I’m pointing out that where a company is legally domiciled, is not necessarily where you buy from. I’m trying to help you understand the meaningless of your own uninformed point. I’m not talking Brexit. I’m talking facts.
Another idiotic comment from you Explains why Brexit is happening
The Brexit deal is only going to bring a shitstorm. Please make it go away.
See these little shits? Doing this? This was around before Brexit, but this epitomises the nasty shitty racist underbelly of our nation that’s come to the surface x100 since Brexit. That kid deserves a kick in the fucking balls. His parents the same. Fucks sake.
Very succinct and to the point on what happens next in the Brexit fiasco.
Kouyate, Meyer, Guita, Ayew, Sakho, Riedewald, Sorloth, Jach, Rakip, Fosu-Mensah, Cavalieri. Loftus-Cheek on loan the only English signing at Palace in 18 months. It doesn't seem like really cares that much about this topic.
Fortunately I can help you As you are a currency dealer you will know that the £ has fallen even further since this report as a no deal Brexit became more likely. Then again...
Tory MPs demand Theresa May set timetable for resignation in exchange for Brexit support: via
You looking for a new job after Brexit Stevie
I think that’s raising the quality of debate to an unacceptably high level.
This really cool #stunt
Thanks and for chairing today's Cross-Party Group on Poland meeting at Holyrood. Delighted to outline plans for a new exhibition on a Scottish merchant in Poland and to hear updates on 'Brexit and Beyond' and other projects.
Theresa May needs Parliament’s support for her Brexit deal. The math isn’t in her favor. - The Washington Post
True leaders do things their way, what you appear to want is not a leader but a follower of the status quo, you seem to think that’s its corbyns job to oppose brexit , it isn’t , and I am a remainer , he is however opposing the government approach
The latest The Jaymatt Daily! Thanks to #fostering #brexit
A really excellent talk from Professor Dougan
Or Boris
However, the farmers go for Brexit.
Theresa May's #Brexit deal is doomed - Sir Michael Fallon
Woman on BBC #WATO suggested that Blair couldn't take part in Brexit debate (good), because he doesn't gave a mandate or seat in Parliament (good)...but any debate would have to include UKIP. Did they win a bi-election I missed?
We need a #PeoplesVote to sort out this #Brexit mess #PeoplesVoteNow . This is a really bad deal.
You have very clearly misunderstood on which side the neo-nazis are. They all voted Leave and want hard brexit. That’s why they murdered a pro-Remain MP.
Senior UK academics call for people’s vote to save universities
Thanks, . You’ve successfully stuffed those ‘citizens of nowhere’ your provincial leader can’t abide. Promotion for you, eh? #newsnight
What a tosser Lidington is
Costas Lapavitsas - Corbyn, the labour movement and a People's Brexit via
Making it up is what they do. Millions of saps believe it's true.
Mark Francois who thought he was going to get a cabinet seat under Mogg after licking his arse.
Proof that Wetherspoons isn’t an absolute good #Brexit
"unlikely that a sceptical audience settling down for Sunday night viewing would welcome any of the shows being interrupted or delayed, even for a political debate that could shape the future of Britain" #whywebrexit
This response to Theresa May’s letter has gone viral
What the people want, eh ? You’re doing a good job of pushing Scotland out of the UK, Conservative and *Unionist* party - what a joke #DissolveTheUnion
Paranoid Brexit-fuelled imagination
An interesting result, and it does a decent job of summarising the various potential brexit scenarios
If you ever wanted proof of how phoney May's supposed "Brexit"is all you need to know is that there are no bilateral talks between the UK and the US at the coming G20 meeting in Argentina.
heres one to put to the so called politicians here ... why should anyone listen to them regarding Brexit when they cant even get their own house in order and FORM AN EXECUTIVE
Great to finally have this formalised at long last as your addition will only make the club as a whole even stronger #ForzaGHS
Love this
Brexit meant Brexit an independent Britain completely outside the EU, the only deal that works for this is "NO DEAL".
Approximately £1857.65 more than we’re paying now to be a member of the EU. With all its benefits.
No no no he doesn’t need a policy rundown but literally anything other than that they’re the same would have been good. All that would have taken for me to be satisfied is “on brexit”. He has an audience and should know not to be so misleading
So the plan is becoming clearer. Produce a shitty deal. Then when it's voted down put forward #Norwayplus as plan B which basically gives us no control whatsoever and we still pay £39 billion for the privilage #torytraitors #Brexit #BrexitBetrayal
Sun rises, sun sets, David tweets garbage In Britain workers enjoy rights far in excess of EU mandated minimum, if they were in danger from #brexit they would only be the minimum.
The May/Corbyn Brexit debate is the most pointless exercise ever. Two charlatans trying to convince their memberships that they're representing them when the opposite is true.
I think we can all agree this has become less of a Brexit, and more a Brexcruciating Brextended Brexpedition.
No siesta for the English after Brexit!! But lots of nightmares with monsters..
On receiving Broadcaster of the Year for her work on breaking down complexities of #Brexit, says: ‘Understanding the EU point of view - including the thinking in individual EU counties - is crucial to us truly “getting” what on earth is going on.’ #PSAAwards
Remember, stock up early with your garlic to avoid the Brexit ‘no deal’ panic!
Carole Cadwalladr wins Foreign Press Award . she will be with us in Dingle for Ireland’s Edge
Brexit Britain
Arlene, with respect, rather than shooting your mouth off from the sidelines, and being disingenuous to Mrs May, get off your backside and you come up with a viable alternative. Problem is, your party are too weak to do so. Stop politicising the Brexit deal to suit your own end
Brexit Britain close to agreeing open skies deal with US but the terms are inferior to the rights the UK enjoys as an EU member. via
Should be read widely.
Huge props to who just gave a big shout out to ‘s work on Brexit and the DUP’s secretive £435,000 donation. Do support our work ;) #DialMForMueller
European court to rule on whether article 50 can be reversed
If anyone still believes Brexit is a master plan, Cyprus is one of only 3 Commonwealth countries in Europe and yet...
That ‘s is raising money to fund a judicial review of the Electoral Commission’s decision not to investigate DUP’s Brexit donation - despite evidence that DUP doesn’t know the actual source of the £435k #DialMForMueller
This as ..it You are typical of the idiots responsible for Brexit
Corbyn the democrat......ha.ha
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Disinfecting Catalonia. Gibraltar. Brexit. Misuse of privileged information The gob of spit that wasn't. KILL 4 INDIANS. Resign already
The first leaflet spelled #Brexit out, in bold type...
He's raising money for the £350 million a week fund.... #Brexit
Imagine Teresa may visiting Glasgow Scotland, to advertise her brexit.imagine going to the shop buying coco pops, then going home to open box up in house, find out you got value cornflakes, instead that brexit in a nutshell.
The "Brexit" deal leaves us shackled to the EU forever - both with and without the backstop.
Who will watch this? Diabolical pair of numpties. He could have the whole UK h
Nobody wants a TV Debate on 'Theresa's #Brexit Deal' with just May &amp; Corbyn. Reports from around the country suggest most people now support #Remain They know they were lied to by 'Leave Campaign' &amp; they are not happy to proceed on the basis of those lies They want a #PeoplesVote
Uk has the same rules than the EU. So where is the difference?
please don't mention Brexit, we need some inspiration in the room for dinner!!
Parliamentary sovereignty in action...
New blog post: Brexit: The Future for Turkish Businesspersons and Workers
Thank you for sharing the Insights and a great event and Ambassador Maguire
It was taking No Deal Brexit off the table that encouraged the EU to bully May into the dreadful deal she was given.
Year 13 politics: Can abstentionist MPs still represent their constituents outside the chamber?
French whisky boosted by #Brexit
and this , 'no impact on the economy'? EPFR: $1tn investments withdrawn from UK since EU ref. Fund outflows increased to $19.4bn for week when May announced withdrawal plan #brexitshambles #exitfrombrexit
PM hits back at Trump as she begins bid to sell Brexit deal
Fantastic that I would like to see
A mess of contradiction- the #BrexitDeal does not work
Russian TV is where scotland must tune into to hear Nicola Sturgeon on Brexit, because she's been "banned" from BBC scotland airwaves, but we NEED trident nuclear missiles in our own backyard to protect us from the russian bogeyman?
Lobby your MP to withdraw this abomination of a draft withdrawal catastrophe
Done, still laughing about the eels in the bath ... thanks for the Brexit thing!
Sturgeon: Brexit deal will make Scots poorer
BBC News - Brexit: Theresa May denies 'rolling over' on deal
RIGHTS is INEVITABLE,BAN VETO to 5 Nations, Next all, Talks, My SOUL" Declare" " TRUE HUMAN OF GLOBE"Reject After 2nd World War Made UNO, Why to Globe? Elections as Global Citizens, to Choose TRUTH, ( ),Hope Truth.
You’re at risk of believing your own bollocks.
In case you're wondering if Corbyn's rejection of a #PeoplesVote supporter in a TV debate is a new development, it isn't. He's ALWAYS been against a 2nd ref, just like he's ALWAYS been for leaving the EU. Corbyn is a Leaver. And if you support him, you support Brexit.
Good, informative presentstion from of &amp; tonight. Many questions answered, even if we didn't like them all. Some people are losing their jobs here because of #Brexit.
More lies from the pathological liar that is the PM.
I’m feel so angry and helpless watching this. Brexit has given racism a new lease of life. That bastard will get his one day. Just a shame I won’t be there when it happens. The school? Let’s see if they have the balls to do anything meaningful.
David Mundell defends fishing position post-Brexit
Ah, always an encouraging sign and indicating that you're absolutely sure that you're right when you're too chicken to share all information with people who have to make a well-informed decision based on said information. #HowIsThisEvenLegal
PM hits back at Trump as she begins bid to sell Brexit deal
Little shitbags.
Could There be CIVIL UNREST Over a Brexit BETRAYAL? - LBC via
He's already committed to brexit
The only certainty it brings, Prime Minister, is that this country will serve an indeterminate prison sentence with no appeal against the ECJ which, with the EU, holds the only keys. Unlike under a #NoDeal #Brexit, uncertainty will continue for years. People know the truth.
Who'd have thought the Brit Nats would be so stupid that they'd actually go for a hard brexit? There couldn't be a worse proposal to offer as the alternative to Scottish independence. But that's what they're going to do. Perfect timing.
Theresa May to snub Donald Trump at G20 after he claimed her Brexit deal will kill a US trade pact
With what we know now, it is an inescapable fact that *any* form of Brexit will be a bad deal for the country. A bad deal for the people you claim to represent. Which is why the majority of your party &amp; Labour want a #PeoplesVoteNow with an #OptionToRemain. They will be heard.
Well. Just imagine that.
Stop the world I want to get off this shit. Can only hope the reset button bis pressed soon and we realize all this shit was an elaborate joke along with Brexit, Trump etc
Well I don’t like the word brexit
More fake news from mainstream journalists trying to influence Brexit
Labour Has Warned The Government It Must Publish Its Brexit Legal Advice In Full
Brexit is NOT about economics - so why all the fuss about money - is it because those who want us to Remain have nothing else than scaremongering to offset the desire of the voters for Independence??
DUP's Foster hits out at May's Brexit 'propaganda' tour
I don`t hate him I think he was one of our best Prime Ministers he made mistakes yes but name one PM that as never made mistakes and yes he is right about brexit Corbyn will never achieve 3 election wins
Yaaaaaaawwwwwwwwnnnnnnnnnn Idiots like you are the reason Brexit is happening Thick as ..it
Get a rep in from every party.
No it isn't!
It's like has something to hide. Every aspect of Brexit, she has made a balls of. Every aspect. No wonder it's a mess.
THE TERRIBLE STATE OF BRITISH POLITICS . Britain has not had a decent honest PM since Margaret Thatcher ! You ousted her from power , yet May still reigns supreme ! #May Out Khan out
I like that i have my opinion, feel happy expressing my opinion and despite however my opinion upsets people.... I live in a democracy that lets me view it :) #Brexit
Obviously, successive governments in the UK failed to educate their people in how the EU works. It's a major failure sadly you seem to be one of that was failed but I am sure you could really research yourself and find that the UK is what we are now is because we are in the EU
Theresa's Brexit is fine...provided you don't mind living in a dystopian wilderness and like the taste of boiled rat.
You literally cannot read: “The government's Brexit deal will leave the UK £100bn worse off a year” A YEAR “GDP would be 3.9% lower by 2030” GDP is an annualised figure.
When sanity is restored to the U.K., and Brexshit is buried, a film needs to be made about Steve and co’s heroic and stoic fight. Sublime!! #StopBrexit #MakeSodemsStory
As a politician you have failed the people of this country over Brexit
No idea why we thought politicians would be best placed to negotiate #Brexit, the best people for the job would definitely have been primary school age children if the discussions on bedtime in this house are anything to go by.
Bullshit.
The maybot will just repeat repeat repeat her mantra which I think we can all recite now "taking control of our borders etc Jezza despite being at brexit debate about anything other than, so universal credit food banks etc
Worth asking again: If you didn’t do anything wrong, would you spend so much time, energy and angst on Robert Mueller? The answer is obvious. #TuesdayThoughts #Trump #TrumpLies #MuellerKnowsEverything #MuellerIsComing #Russia #Ukraine #TearGassingChildren #Resist #Brexit
Theresa May has picked a great day to visit Scotland to flog her Brexit con plan - it's going to be blowing a storm tomorrow, as Storm Diana rattles through. Even the weather's on our side.
Without comment
Forced to admit a crime they didn’t commit? #Ukrainian sailors in #Russian custody. As fears of war remain. Plus, in #London they asked today: Where is #MarkZuckerberg? The answer with on #TheDay #brexit #Facebook #disinformation
Good isn’t she...The British State taught the rest of the World the Dark Arts..
Terrifying thought isn't it, but it is really happening and the average Joe in the street couldn't give a hoot. Got a mortgage to pay innit.
Year 13: again - representation outside the chamber?
I wouldn’t dare speak for Joris but I know that my own tendency to use strong words in the Brexit context probably comes from a sense of disappointment that the Brits could be just as bad as us (on top of the delusion in parts of the elite, which we used to find charming)
".. why ending free movement is bad for ALL Brits .. " . #Brexit #PeoplesVote #nhs #theresa_may #Farage #BBC #NickRobinson #AFNeil #Marr #Boris #BorisJohnson #PoliticsLive #BBCR4today #StandUp4Brexit #LeaveMeansLeave
blah blah bollocks &amp; bullshit spread to farmers
It seems to me that pulse have saved herself a lot of bother if she had been open and transparent about this from the start #Brexit
Of course. If we know it, every MP must know that a vote for the WA is a vote to stop Brexit.
What did you give away this time. Welsh lamb and Irish Whisky. I hear you're in Scotland tomorrow. I don't mind you giving the haggis away thoe.
#fullthrottlerock Ozzy: I don't really understand Brexit
Sad news for you mate, Beckham is hard Brexit.
As they are both on the same side neither of them #peoplesvote must be represented #BrexitBetrayal
Should MPs vote through Theresa May’s Brexit plan?
But this is a moot point vis a vis #Brexit. The EU is no longer just a trading bloc. More pertinent question: How much are you willing to give away for the pleasure of trading with the EU at preferential rates?
So, the question we're asking is: "Do MPs have spines?" The answer: "Too few to matter." Watch them cave in. The other question is: "When will . whip their MPs to abstain?" because I'll bet they do...
I have just read twitter feed. Despite being PM that initiated Brexit and tweeting regularly on other major events, there is nothing on the BIGGEST POLITICAL event of our time. What on earth are we paying him for?
tell a lie often enough and soon people will think it's the truth
Is this satire? Frankie Boyle taking the piss, and going a bit close to the bone? We're talking about killing as if this is normal? And we're handing out assault rifles to cheer up Kate Hoey and the DUP and the Brexit loons? How did we get to this place?
Do I care when both want Brexit?!
#UK car industry: no-deal #Brexit could have 'devastating impact'
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
The real truth is peter is not brexit it’s fuck them and let’s have a pint with Nigel
A #NoDeal is now the #BestDeal #Brexit
Wilbur Ross has made clear that if we have a reade deal with US then we will have to accept *their* lower standards of regulation (this will mean that our farmers will go out of business btw). Do we really want standards that allow this sort of thing....?
Theresa May on tour. #Brexit #TheresaMay
Get and on and get some balance - and I’m an English Labour supporter
Did you speak to the poorest in society? The ones struggling to eat and keep warm? What does the Brexit deal bring to them?
Honestly is Queen
No it doesn’t because you’ve announced the end to freedom of movement with utter orgasmic delight which will be to the detriment of the businesses you’ve allegedly ‘listened’ to.
Scrap the Honours system and the Lords and Monarchy. Is our democracy rubbish or what.
Most notably all those voters who through ignorance, xenophobia, or intellectual laziness themselves took even more “active steps” by voting for Brexit. Gullers are powerless without gullees, and the latter don’t just get to play unwitting victims after wreaking havoc.
isn't May so amazing!! what total deceitful manipulative SH *T she travels to Wales on her Brexit tour and afterwards the Conservative MP who was opposed now decides to back her devious deal! what was he offered, what next travel to all the Weak MPs first! then bribe as you go!
All those with "Indy" , "Ref" &amp; "2018” in your account names, might want to have a read of this.... #DissolveTheHashtag
That rules you out then Mr Johnson. You're not in the least bit bothered about the British people being in control of their laws. Like all the rest of the money grabbing shysters in Parliament and the Lords...
Lol, hard brexit = 0 trade deals. We would be the only country in the world without one. That means nearly all imports will be more expensive. Or we go to 0 tariffs which would kill uk business, unless we get rid of employment laws etc, making labour cheaper to compete
The answer is not to cave in and accept a pale imitation of EU membership in the hope of some sensible arrangement post transition but to take the steps we need to #StopBrexit. Only a #PeoplesVote will allow us to think again and choose between #MayorStay
Time until BREXIT is 122 days, 01 hours, 59 minutes and 59 seconds #BREXIT #BREXITCLOCK #CLOCK #EU #EUREF #LEAVE #ScotRef #Indyref #Indyref2 #FBPE From our friends - Looking for a new Heat Press? - Stahls Clam Basic #HeatPress #HTV
EU Threatens To Collapse UK Stock Market Over Brexit
There are 2918 hours until we leave the World's largest trading bloc. It might sound crazy, but own Government has recommended that #UK Companies establish a presence there. Germany, anyone? #GmbH #Brexit #SingleMarket
There are 2918 hours until #Brexit - For a realtime countdown clock, visit
we must have a sweet and misty brexit
Incoherent, topsy-turvy and with a deadline of March 2019: it's the Brexit Burger
the job still stands teresa may priministers if you to be my personal tea lady i believe you make a lousy cup of brexit tea priminster can you pull it of jeremy corbyn it would be a bit of brexit banter and and poke fun come laughter
Theresa May is unlikely to get her Brexit deal through Parliament. Will it sink her Premiership as well? It's World in 60 Seconds with a special guest appearance by !
Those who talk about democracy ...
On the wider theme, a lot of things would come crashing down without volunteers. One of the key fabrics of life with or without Brexit.
Sterling is declining as May's Brexit deal faces parliamentary opposition, raising the twin spectres of a no-deal Brexit or, worse yet for the pound, a Corbyn-led government. &gt;&gt; by #SaxoStrats #FX
Brexit is 2930 hours away. #brexit
Theresa May has rejected the Donald Trump's criticisms on the future of the Brexit deal and said that the UK is working 'very well' with the US over plans for a future trade accord.
Contempt of parliament
May agrees to debate with Corbyn in bid to save Brexit deal
Labour get the full range of options in the mix.
Norwich party leaders could press MPs for Brexit vote
About time you did listen and cancel brexit, it is not and never was the "will of the people".
Brexit will mean nothing to anyone when Islam takes hold here
This is what it must be like living in a dictatorship
has repeatedly said brexit showed the people are concerned about immigration. On the basis that she is aware of peoples views she should under no circumstances sign the UN Migration Pact
Fresh row looms as No 10 refuses to publish full Brexit legal advice
The latest The Roy Everitt Daily! Thanks to #brexit #ecommerce
they are in panic mode.. worry for now as she has totally lost it, gone over the edge, cant think straight, you need to speak to her to resign. Embarrassment to the UK, The world now calling her deal down, UK is a proud country,TM made us a laughing stock
BBC News - Theresa May's Brexit deal is doomed - Sir Michael Fallon
UK equity market descends into 'uninvestable' zone #Brexit #market
Dont know whether to get a new passport before or after brexit happens lol
Incompetent bunch of chancers, the sooner we are rid of this Tory scurge the better - Immigration plans might not be published before Brexit vote, says Javid
Thicko,s like you are the reason Brexit is happening
Awful but surely you can't blame Brexit for this kind of behaviour
I'm sure by now you've seen this &amp; presumably are investigating this disgusting, degraded &amp; shameful behaviour. I would have also said "shocking" but unfortunately hate crimes have risen since 2016 as bigots somehow feel government policy &amp; Brexit validate their views
Outrageous where is the opposition to this terrible mess Tories and labour have landed us with ! No one wants this deal and we are better off staying in the Eu what's wrong with these idiots ?
Country or constituency first? Interesting dilemma Interesting to seat how his constituency fits into the Post-Brexit Plutocracy
Oh god not more bloody Brexit getting so sick of it , it's constant every day
Good evening all! If you prefer Tumblr, you can follow me there - Thanks! #arts #JC4PM #FBPE #WATON #art #labour #tory #brexit
Had a slim popular Tory majority been amplified in the 2017 HoC, PM could have been bolder and process smoother (Lab would have accepted Brexit course). FPTP would have proven itself. Problem was a No.10 misfire at that election.
Just vote it down and the pro brexit next PM will award you one
Nothing to do with brexit and advocating violent attacks against a young boy and his parents is top tier stupidity.
European Union judges reviewing a case about whether Brexit can be revoked were given a stark warning: Any ruling would likely be used to sink Prime Minister Theresa May’s proposed deal to leave the EU.
Stop lying. Just stop the dammed lies!
Norwich party leaders could press MPs for #Brexit vote
"The churches of the European Union, indeed the Churches of the world, should be united in communion, and not by a placeless bureaucracy of rules", writes
No respect for parliament, no respect for process, and no respect left from the electorate...for gods sake go.
Brexit will leave this country under the sole control of this idiot and his cronies. Bad times ahead
Bored to death of the same old thickos sharing and retweeting made up political bullshit especially about immigration and Brexit, which include made up statistics and far fetched crap. Get a brain cell!
"Senior Labour people" being Keir Starmer? Corbyn shot him down for suggesting it just last week, so probably not worth getting hopes up.
I'm not a BoB. I'm a SWoB: scared witless of Brexit.
Could work. Except the PM said this in the debate yesterday “I think it would be an interesting debate for this House - the extent to which economic forecasts can be described as facts."
Outflows from UK-focused equity funds since Brexit vote hit $1tn #investor
All those reasons he gave for now wanting to remain.... have absolutely nothing to do with the Brexit vote.. none whatsoever. So now he's voting on fallacies.. of his own making.
You can't keep a good man down....."Brief history of the battle between Brexit protesters and broadcasters"
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
This response to Theresa May’s letter has gone viral
Hard to countenance that the price of your union is a net cost off each person in Scotland of £1600. Each. Person. #Brexit #indyref2
Not only Brexit this is another country that must go out from the civil world.
unprecedented
you spelt cunt wrong....
May’s Brexit disaster unreported by UK press: Britain BLOCKED from $1.7 Trillion in WTO projects
Brexit Britain.
If you’re bored by Brexit then I’m afraid this isn’t going away for a very, very long time. We can’t just ‘get on with it’s because it’s incredibly complicated and will have lots of consequences which had and hadn’t been expected.
Brexit skills shortage could accelerate job automation in the UK As the UK faces a worsening skills gap from Brexit, research from shows how UK businesses are looking to automation to fill the void
You keep saying that. Just because we lost the referendum, doesn’t mean the negatives of Brexit won’t happen.
Migrants 'rush to cross Channel by boat before Brexit'
Estimated annual hit to living standards between £700 and £2,000 per person with May’s Brexit ‘deal’. Who voted for that in 2016?
Brexit voters hit by austerity now realise how EU membership benefits them, new academic study finds - The Independent
Ok, you listened to them now listen to all the British people. We don't want your Brexit deal!!!! No deal is better than a bad deal. What exactly would we be paying £39 billion for, as me that!!!
Boris Johnson: Brexit TV debate must include a proper Brexiteer, not just May and Corbyn via
Thomas Cook issues a second profit warning in two months
One is pro brexit and the other not
Said it before and I'll say it again I firmly believe Mike Dean voted for Brexit.
I have reported first and fairly on Brexit
magicalmathsDHM: RT Doozy_45: BREXIT: This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote
I'm not sure if you mean twitter lists, but I never got them till Brexit. Now I have a "brexit-is-fine" private list that I add to from time to time and a calendar entry to remind me to check it some Sunday in June of next year. The simple pleasures.
Delighted to see Katya Adler winning Broadcaster of the Year who has helped us all to understand #Brexit! And many more years of it to come I hope!
I can ony comment on what I see of her; backing BREXIT. So she can't be that impressive.
Except that Scottish independence is a Scottish nationalist's stated purpose, surely. She's elected to best represent the Scottish people on an independence platform. Achieving independence would surely be a higher priority for her than stopping Brexit.
'Sounds like a great deal for the EU' – Trump slams May's Brexit plan READ MORE:
She’s getting about...
The *** Fight back *** continues.
This afternoon at , CG was honored to speak with students and staff regarding #Brexit and the UK's future relationship with the EU and the US.
Do not surrender, Brits! It will be the end! It is the Kalergi Plan! #NOGlobalCompactforMigration. #MayMustGo. #Betrayal.
look at your Brexit legacy
Good luck with that one, hen.
#Brexit: President Trump weighs in his thoughts on Theresa May’s Brexit deal, indicating it is a “great deal for the EU” as the PM seeks to get parliamentary support to approve it:
Thicko,s like you are the reason Brexit is happening
Britain can unilaterally reverse its decision to leave the EU, Europe’s top court has been told, as Remain supporters try to pave the way for a People’s Vote that would stop Brexit
Yes we need to do that
It seems to me that could have saved herself a lot of bother if she had just been open and transparent about this from the start #Brexit
Deport the Brexit Bullies!
PM's new Brexit mantra: everything is agreed although nothing is agreed
Mental. How stupid does she think we are
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
Theresa May has unified Remainers and Brexiteers in opposition to her lose-lose Brexit deal—and set the stage for Britain’s geopolitical obsolescence.
sets out her Government's damning economic analysis of the Prime Minister's #Brexit deal. Does it strengthen the case for a second independence referendum? We’ll talk to the Times' Scottish Political Editor the National columnist #scotnight
is the #WorstPrimeMinisterInHistory as well as totally deluded. #Brexit
Cabinet Office minister David Lidington insists First Minister will not be part of TV debate with Theresa May
British Prime Minister Teresa May’s Brexit deal could hurt the country’s chances for a U.S.-U.K. trade deal.
I'm ashamed to be British!
And if you know that, if you understand what youre doing, which includes hurting 10s of millions of families across Europe, and still think that's what's right, then I think you're a fairly dispicible person and losing people like you is one of the few Brexit dividends.
Online agent blames Brexit, legal fees and stamp duty for supply slump
US twitter friends, follow the election news from Mississippi and the GM factory closings, but keep one eye on Europe. This tension has been brewing for several years. Between US Trump distractions &amp; UK’s Brexit woes, Putin is on the move.
Well said!
Symbolic of the UK when we agree the Brexit deal methinks.
Forget Brexit, war in Ukraine is the biggest threat to Europe | Simon Jenkins
Family prepare for 'No Deal Brexit' by stockpiling 'essential' items
This is the "jobs first brexit ". Jobs go first, then welfare spending.
UK Politics trying its best to compete with the US for the "political dysfunction of the year" award.
I'm not paying. They can sue me.
The one good thing about #Brexit - we're shafting ourselves, but at least we're making the EU stronger. #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote
No 10 tries to keep Sturgeon off televised Brexit debate | News | The Times
Project Fear mark 2 launches tomorrow. Remember to stock up on water
Only equal partners when it suits them, this exclusion is an open display of contempt for Scotland and its elected representation.
The Royal Welsh Winter Fair and Queens University.... deliberately meeting people who live in your bubble isn't going to fool anyone, it might make YOU feel better, but it won't convince the UK. You've failed the UK!
The BoE were completely discredited with their forecasts in 2015/16. The fact that their BrExit reports are so deliberately twisted to suit an argument &amp; are being used as a source of propaganda is a terrible reflection on Carney. Unprofessional &amp; not tustworthy. Weird world
He’s his own Brexit parody account. He’s out but he still wants all the benefits of being in and can’t understand why he can’t have them
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
what actually is Brexit prey tell dear Boris? Because so far your sum contribution seems to be £350 million on the side of a bus &amp; sticking 2 + signs on the end of the word Canada. Any chance you could tells us an actual solution &amp; not just why May’s one is rubbish
It’s a pile of bollocks
How is the deal found by Theresa May and the European Union different from a United Kingdom member of the European Union as before? #Politics #TheresaMay #UnitedKingdom #EuropeanUnion #EmmanuelMacron #Brexit #HardBrexit
#TheresaMay ‘GAVE UP’ BEFORE AGREEING #Brexit DEAL WHICH ‘WON’T BE BACKED IN PARLIAMENT’ ON DECEMBER 11 – #DUP LEADER #ArleneFoster #EU #NayabChohan #TemplateNews #DistantEchoes #NayabChohanLIVE
My letter to Jeremy Corbyn: your nation is threatened – back a people’s vote | Gina Miller
What’s all the shit going on about Beckham kissing his kid.. Are we that stuck for a story because if we are then neither Brexit nor Remain are our biggest problem.. Basically as a society we’ve been mugged and we never felt a thing...
Sterling under pressure amid new attacks on May’s Brexit deal
Aston Martin will make 14,000 cars by the middle of the next decade, well after #Brexit and four times higher than in 2014, the chief executive said #ProjectCheer #UKmfg
Three quarters of UK carmakers fear no-deal Brexit - SMMT via #breakingnews #breaking
Hear, hear!
One day, maybe, a British prime minister will think it worthwhile to mention that she or he visited England. #colonialism #patronising #anglocentric #england #wales
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
I use Evian water with a little lemon juice, another 2 things you won't have after Brexit.
Spare us the propaganda, please. Everybody knows Brexit will be bad for Nothern Ireland, bad for Wales, bad for everyone. Do us all a favour and just #StopBrexit
The old saying “Home is where the heart is” and it’s where those you love are, saying Britain is no longer your home is very sad but should you question your own heart and feelings? #brexit
Theresa May as Prime Minister, and then her negotiating Brexit when she actively campaigned as a remainer?
Subscribe Here to get a few chapters for FREE from the book Please #RT #gold #silver #stocks #trading #trades #markets #Investing #today #rich #education #hope #dreams #Giveaway #free #positivity #focus #goals #life #money #success #fun #levelup #brexit
Brexit is a right wing Neo Liberal agenda and Labour shouldn’t be complicit in what will lead to an erosion of workers rights and a sell off of the NHS
From relocations and closures to stockpiling and staffing changes, many businesses are preparing backup plans despite the #Brexit deal on the table. #mubxl
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Brexit voters are now changing their minds – let’s them give them a Final Say rather than a bad deal - The Independent
"Three Quarters of UK Carmakers Fear No-Deal Brexit-SMMT"
Not my PM #serialLiar
The UK could do so much with £39 Billion I just wouldn’t know where to start, hospitals surgery’s, housing child care, etc etc
"Our assessment is that trade with the EU, especially in services, will be more costly after Brexit. This is likely to have an adverse effect on living standards in the UK. central estimate is that if the government’s proposed Brexit deal is implemented, then GDP in the longer
On the grind.
How healthy are Britain's banks? #stresstest #finance #brexit
".... and tomorrow I will be in Scotland where I am sure I will be meeting some Fishermen from Peterhead and be able to convince them that I won't betray what is left of their livelihood ..... as long as France doesn't ask for continued access to our coastal waters!"
gamers are out here rising up wtf are u doing?
Two choices aceept Teresa Mays deal or no deal which is what we voted for!
Brexit is not just bad it is evil since those who can only just manage will not !
What happened to all that bollocks about sovereignty?
nah mate. Brexit will screw us over so badly we will reduce carbon emissions as we will be too busy trying to eat cardboard
I always think about how everyone, myself included, is going on like brexit will be catastrophic (probably will be) but also thinking about how hilarious if it was all smooth sailing and actually worked.
The World’s New Top Bank Cop Faces a Stress Test of His Own As leader of the Financial Stability Board, Randal Quarles must tackle a U.S. Congress divided over policing Wall Street as well as Brexit banking regulation.
'Secret weapon' Gove
Should MPs vote through Theresa May’s Brexit plan?
Nigel Farage LBC Show - May has rejected Trump’s criticism of her Brexit deal: via
BBC Scotland’s political editor under fire after news report pokes fun at FM’s Brexit press conference
Based on ten years? The Reman argument has all but evaporated!
Trump trips up May as she sells Brexit deal
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Brexit
Brexit Deal Threatens US-UK Trade Talks, Trump Says via
Just been at a talk with Damian Collins (on the right). He sounded pretty despondent about the whole thing to be honest. Even he admits that the British establishment is not interested in investigating FB or Russian involvement in Brexit. Pretty depressing.
Yes, but at least with independence people would have hope and could plan for the future. With Brexit it's just uncertainty, fear and people looking at other options.
Not sure what is worse BREXIT or watching MAN UTD @
New post (Currencies: Sterling under pressure amid new attacks on May’s Brexit deal) has been published on ColorMag Business Magazine -
You are in the political opportunists category yourself. Building a career out of Brexit.
More fake news from mainstream journalists trying to influence Brexit via
And wages might be rising, but this is as businesses move out of the UK, even before Brexit has happened. And as profit on a number of companies drop. And as our retail landscape drops, mainly blamed on “Brexit uncertainty”. Long term it’ll be detrimental to the economy
please #RT asap #economics #SPX #trading #options #brexit #Italexit #GRExit #stocks #markets #Motivation #today #SundayThoughts
But let's be really sensible first! Does the public know about getting an official bollocking for flogging off batches of voters' personal information to an 'agency' during the Brexit campaign, including telephone numbers? Leading? NUTS (as revealed in )
I don’t understand why May and Corbyn are having a live debate on TV, this is a parliamentary vote and not an election. I feel she is trying to get the hard buy in for this deal. The more I hear the more I feel a no deal Brexit might be the best #BrexitChaos #BrexitShambles
If May's brexit deal is voted through , It will be the biggest FIX of all time.
This is appalling- Tories defy order from Parliament to publish full legal advice on Brexit Deal. Can Tory cheating &amp; lying get any worse? What have they got to hide? That Brexit is an absolute disaster &amp; national suicide?
I wonder if May or any brexit ministers have ever been asked why the will of the people in the here and now is of less value than the will of the people 2 years ago.? I'd really like someone to shred this phoney democratic concern they use as a shield once and for all.
And why one needs a free press - to keep the b**s honest!
And Leavers think this idiot can deliver Brexit. Now do they see the complete waste of space he truly is.
People’s vote!! No to be trusted with the cunt of a woman and her super rich cronies!!
Brussels uses Brexit concerns to charm UK fintech - Fintech Futures #fintech
Arrogant Tories.
!!!.... Meanwhile, Rome burns....
Year 13: Cancel your plans next week - 5 days of debate followed by crunch Brexit vote!!
Prime Minister you are the only parliamentary figure I can see trying to get a message to the people of the UK. I know its hard at present but please keep up the good work! #hardwork #keepgoing #greateffort #muchappriciated
No-deal Brexit: blamed for lack of #UK #food warehouse space
No one, they are both delusional Brexit supporters
Brexit: Deal 'allows people in NI to live their lives'
Mr Corbyn, with respect, rather than shooting your mouth off from the sidelines, &amp; being disingenuous to Mrs May, get off your backside and you come up with a viable alternative. Problem is, your party is too weak to do so. Stop politicising the Brexit deal to suit your own ends
British PM “confident” Brexit deal will pass
Brexit in 2 minutes 59 seconds
Resign! is under pressure over her disastrous non #Brexit deal Please retweet if you agree #MayMustGo #Brexit #StandUp4Brexit #Conservatives
He voted Brexit I promise you.
'It's historical STUPIDITY' Fury in Spain after Sanchez agrees Gibraltar Brexit deal -
but but what about Brexit
Ha long before the Syrian refugee crisis. It is possible to separate problems rather than lump them all under the brexit heading
Where does all the wisdom come from... Hmm ... Let’s do that ”Brexit thing.. ” This guy must know what he is talking about, right..?
Our self-serving, spineless MP cheerily admits the #bbcqt tactic is simply to read out bits of pre-prepared statements, whatever the questions asked may be.
Because he is a fraud. His star shone brightly once but he contrived to blow it based on his condescending attitude to opponents of Brexit, including a large majority of the people of Scotland. Some democrat
Watch as the British public slowly start to learn that #consent is a process, not a contract. That handy concept is useful in all kinds of situations beyond Brexit!
TRAITOR may can make up as many choices as she wants!!! But come the 29th March 2019, we are going out WTO!!! That will be one hell of a night party!!!!
May is Running scared
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
If you’re a Physiotherapist in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a fiasco for you. If you live in Wales then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this calamity! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Boris Johnson says Brexit TV debate must include a proper Brexiteer, not just May and Corbyn via
It's not clear that the Greenspan bubble was a high point in Fed history.
"EU will not renegotiate Brexit deal, says May deputy"
1.6 million Scots voted to remain. 1 million voted to leave. NI 440,000 voted to remain. 349,000 to leave. England voted leave 15,2 million . 53.4% Remain 13.2 million 46.6%. #brexit Not forgetting Wales (Leave)
I like this fascista people from the U.K. They have not feelings . Brexit is the best...and for always
Playing fast and loose with the truth and the democratic process.
BUT WHAT ABOUT BREXIT? #FBPE
Well done. #binbrexit #Remain 2018/11/27/more-fake-news-from-mainstream-journalists-trying-to-influence-brexit/
“The sadness, with hindsight, is that nominative determinism proved far too powerful a tractor beam on his future to be broken by deed...
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
My daughter and I were staging our own Brexit march last night She shouted - 'Nazi scum off our seats' I shouted - 'Get a Job' Then I made a nice cup of tea See = people with different views can express them freely and get along after
Tweeting utter shit. Saw you with that blowtorch what a complete pillock you need to go back to school.
What the fuck why have i just heard that primark and boohoo are being questioned off parliament for selling cheap clothes? Fuck off there’s bigger things to worry about like Brexit or War you Tory mongs
Why not get to host an “alternative Brexit debate” as they do for Queen’s speech? I’d tune into that in massive preference to listening to two Brexiters back-slap one another... co-hosted by you and/or and/or and/or #StopBrexit
What to expect from a no-deal Brexit
Truth adjustment - Today I visited Wales and Northern Ireland. I listened to farmers, start-ups and traders; employers, students and academics. The Brexit deal brings certainty to them, they all think it’s shit. Tommorow I’ll be flogging my dead horse somewhere else.
Cost of Brexit spiralling out of control
Blaming the fact I've just agreed to watch a Christmas film (IT'S NOVEMBER) on Brexit.
#British trade minister arrived in Israel #Tuesday to discuss post-#Brexit trade opportunities as London is looking to replicate existing EU free trade or preferential trade agreements with third countries after it leaves the EU.
It's Members who are voting kn 11th December you should go to Westminster not Wales while the cats away
This is why neither will win anything. Unite not divide
Your deal leads us into vassalage. No one will accept it. Don’t think you can use it to dodge Brexit. The people won’t accept it.
No more warehouses to stockpile food for no-deal Brexit 'because Amazon may have booked them up' &gt;now imagine if amazon decided to deliver 'proper' food !
No I’m not endorsing her Brexit deal.....she’s made a complete and utter hash of that...but that’s not really the point I was trying to make.
Its terrible but blaming brexit for everything is getting fucking ridiculous
LIVE: AnonUKRadio Bootiful acoooostics! #PoliceBrutality #OpSafeWinter #Brexit on #spreaker #brexit #opsafewinter #policebrutality
So a carefully selected selection of members of the public or you would have met people who didn’t agree with your brexit plan.
Really, muddy debate in Femi speak equals Femi not like what they say - Farage spoke truthfully on a topic, Femi accused him of invention and posted video claiming to catch Nigel in lies BUT EU docs prove Femi lied in denying Farage's assertion. Why did you tell lies FEMI.
Well, I'm certain it's not what I voted for. I'm also certain that if by some miracle she got the capitulation through parliament we'd just have even worse uncertainty. The Brexit fight would continue unabated. She has to realise you cannot compromise when you have polarity.
Tories defy binding democratic Parliamentary vote in desperate attempt to hide “damning” Brexit legal advice via
No one, they are both cheeks of the Brexit arse
This man should have been in No.10 instead of remainer May. Still not too late!
And the sky would fall in. Like it did on June 24th 2016
BBC News - Brexit: Theresa May denies 'rolling over' on deal She would say that, wouldn't she?
Alex Sobel MP: I can’t back Theresa May over Brexit – or a No Deal disaster. Glad he is my MP
Comments: What to expect from a no-deal Brexit
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Should MPs vote through Theresa May’s Brexit plan?
Every time you think you'll cease to be amazed, that the barrel has been well and truly scraped. The old dude on the far left made no sense either. Equal Opportunities Brexit.
My plan is No Brexit!
The New times rw - Brexit deal to cost Britain 100 billion pounds annually by 2030
I wonder what's hidden in those papers?
Brexit deal will leave the average Brit poorer
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
Attention Welsh farmers:
P&amp;J2 : Pride for Prejudice, a Brexit Story.
Companies now having to spend tens of millions to protect themselves from no deal Brexit. This is Britain actively repelling investment. A Tory Government. FAFS!
Just another DUP scandal. #WeDeserveFarBetter
So brexit is going to cost me £1600 a year is it ? This bitch and her farce of a government are already costing me in the region of £2000 in extra tax to prop up their failing policies.
Mrs May starts her Farewell Tour.
, if you can actually read this, the wee but"however the disgraceful way..... Cheers
Brexit: Are businesses leaving UK as Trump claims?
Trump made a promise that he couldn’t control on returning all mfg. jobs to the US. Like promises made in UK on brexit benefits. Per John Oliver, a unicorn was promised but.... Brexit UK (HBO) Last Week Tonight with John Oliver 11/18/18 via
When aunty starts eating Akara at Peckham then we'll know she has come full circle
With Brexit approaching in March, the EU's top court said they would decide "quickly" on whether the UK can reverse its decision to leave the bloc #mubxl
Brilliant!
She can do no worse than May. Hard Brexit here we come
This little s**t actually means “Trump is openly gunning for democracy to take its course.” #WorstDealInHistory
MAYBE THERE'S A WAY TO SAVE THE UK. BUT MERKEL &amp; MAY WILL MAKE SURE IT FAILS! ‘Worst Deal in History’: Farage Launches New Brexit Rebellion via
Why on earth did you vote to leave the EU and the UK simultaneously in 2014 then?
Mark you are a celeb to us if paul martin can call himself a antique expert you are the godfather
#British trade minister arrived in #Israel today to discuss post-#Brexit trade opportunities as London is looking to replicate existing EU free trade or preferential trade agreements with third countries after it leaves the EU.
But surely you can trust the PM...she wouldn't try to deceive you. Would she?...
No not having that georgie you cant just call the nation racist and x100 because of bloody brexit, what ever next blame the weather on brexit?? Jumping to ridiculous conclusions there, the video however is absolutely disgusting and i hope to god they get severely dealt with.
Fittingly titled Inaccessible Island is an extinct volcano, last active six million years ago ringed with sheer sea cliffs. Inaccessible Island has been without permanent inhabitants since 1873 #Brexit #Movember #hermitshaven #randomislands
If only there were a cartoon to cover this situation.
Yeah, what does the bank of England know. You'd risk our economic prosperity to what end, precisely? No vision of brexit which I've heard articulated has been anything other than pie in the sky fantasy.
Yes, he needs the Channel clear for all the emergency boatloads of incoming goods Britain will need to ship in itself post-Brexit.
There was no plan, no manifesto, no blueprint for #Brexit. There was no contract. Now we have the 585-page contract that wasn't available 2-weeks ago, let alone 2-years go. That's why we now need the #FinalSay. Share ’s commentary. Link:
Interesting read this. When Brexit might not mean Brexit?
Michael Gove Unleashed As May’s ‘Secret Weapon’ In Bid To Sell Brexit Deal To Tory MPs
Stick it on Radio 4. Or the History Channel. I don’t want to miss #DoctorWho
Brexit deal bombs in WM must be the trigger.....
Nothing to do with Brexit however ignorant people take advantage of situations..Disgraceful attack on a vulnerable young lad.This kid should be punished!
Think the televised debate is totally pointless, time would be much better spent preparing for a no deal brexit
Nigel Farage: May's Brexit deal the worst deal in history via
Yeah, this I agree with. Whether or not #Brexit -- which I want -- gets harder as a result of publishing this legal advice, MPs were democratically at liberty to ask for it and having said produce the goods the government has to do it. Or again we're in Fascist land.
Yes, economic predictions are always correct. I wish you a great future as the billionaire who shorted Brexit.
#May rebukes #Trump as she attempts to sell Brexit deal
BNP Says a `Harsh #Brexit’ May Derail Monetary-Policy Normalization, via -
She's desperate. It's plausible that she may make that offer knowing that Brexit will precipitate IndyRef2 sooner rather than later anyway - so she may as well get political capital out of the issue. She's cornered enough for anything.
I wouldn’t worry too much Jezza. Production will shut down post Brexit bringing the carbon footprint down no end.
Encouraging initial signs but the devil will be in the detail of the second report and will a full scale review get lost amongst the #brexit fall out? #tax #IHT #inheritancetax
Nope I am talking about your poster boy Nigel Farage, the one who managed to con you into voting for Brexit
hopefully we’ll finally see the back of you. Not that anyone else in the Tory party seems a great deal better!
Looking forward to Brexit?
Sell out to globalism and a betrayal of Brexit! What a shame.
Tory divisions: the factions preparing for fall of May's Brexit deal
Make sure corbyn is given a handbag, so he can strike back!!!!!
Traitor May.. you must resign. NOW. I’ll never vote Tory again .. I’ll vote corbyn to punish you . U must go and allow us true Brexit
No it doesn't. You're an idiot.
This stinks, bullying bastards, but don't blame this on Brexit, these twats will bully anyone until they get a leathering that they deserve.
"Brexit is not really British. It is English... It dreams of English independence from the EU but seems to forget that England is inconveniently shackled onto a whole bunch of other places": in
Nigel Farage Discusses PM Theresa May's Disappointing Brexit Deal... via
Is he the Secretary fo State for Silly Comments?
Brexit: May on tour – vote day the 11th Dec
is not very good at maths, he is very good at calling for violent protests though.
House of Commons committee launches engagement tool for Brexit | by
Join us on the 9th #BrexitBetrayalMarch #BrexitBetrayal #MayMustGo #MayMustGoNow #SackOlly
Well, she has crossed every other red line, why not stick the cherry on top. How the fuck did we end up with a remain voter trying to deliver Brexit, bizarre.
I would definitely tune into a TV debate called Boris Vs Boris. A lectern on each side of the stage, Boris madly dashes between the two, arguing for AND against Brexit.
I find it interesting that here Alex Johnson complains that the May/Corbyn debate would be between “two remainers” while my (Remain-heavy) timeline is filled with people complaining it would be a debate between two Leavers...
I'm a BWB as I believe it "bored with brexit" is actually grammatically correct. TV presenters started saying "bored of" at some point and it's become the norm but bored doesn't work with genetive.
Brexit: Theresa May denies 'rolling over' on deal
Quite. The specific involved two minor amendments surrounding permanent establishments and regulatory capital. I can confirm this wasn't a factor in Brexit! Good evening.
That and gullible adults - about 4 million swing happened at the same time as the £350m NHS - so a lot of childlike adults voted for brexit according to your logic. Kinda makes sense
Remain will win next time unfortunately. The leave vote will be split and remainers get their 2nd duplicate referendum at the lowest point in brexit negotiations. It's been badly managed but bad losers on the remain side haven't exactly helped.
It simply wants what the country voted for which is Brexit. It’s called democracy
Will I ever be reconciled to brexit.......... #fuckbrexit
Project fear 3.0 on general release 28/11/2018 staring the usual bunch of remain backing institutions, news organisations and establishment elite.
Love to bump into this little cunt
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Oh, national education... Last time seen when introduced by Mao in China to create the socialist model human...#Brexit
Sign doesn’t do anything useful. That can work with issues that need all the help they can get getting attention but salience is not an issue with Brexit.
Um there was a people’s vote.And you lost to some Wetherspoon’s ambassador in a Spitfire
Listened.
I just signed. There were 9772 signatures already.
Diebetes affects your brain and thinking she is a double agent conniving with Brussels since the beginning of Brexit stretching it out so we get fed up now dropped bombshell deal she has become a dictator
When you have a remain government ‘negotiating’ with an EU that want us to stay about the terms of us leaving you get machinations and theatrics from day one intent on getting us to where we are now! Bad deal or stuff your brexit!
So May picks a soft target with The Tramp. Why no proper Brexiteer? Total turn off.
If the legal advice helped ’s then No10 would publish it... by not publishing in full it leaves the deal’s opponents concluding the worse.
what has it got to do with little britain mp David Lidington , its to do with tv - tories running scared #theresama #brexit
Thanks for the useful info. Scottish people would be fools to stick with the Brexit UK basket case.
- you’re my mp. i’ve sent you an email about this. kindly do the right thing-i know, like me, you voted remain. kindly end this brexit nonsense. your party is close to destroying the ‘uk’ for generations. (i suggest you follow the brilliant )
Good pitch from - but we all know that between his evasion and her denial we’ll gain not a thing from this.
Strong statement from a farmer and someone who understands the implications of Brexit.
No Brexit is better than a bad Brexit.
In the UK there is Brexit, for the Liberal Party, it’s Libexit. Looking forward to the Abbotexit and Duttonexit. Both of which are long overdue. #auspol
#peaceNlove yes we can !
Immigration plans might not be published before #Brexit vote, says Javid
Please let your MP know that it's still possible to revoke #Brexit Article 50 via the following website...
Even if Corbyn magically gets elected, he's a blip... BREXIT is forever. Soon enough the UK will vote for hard right scumbags and deregulate and pollute like mad... Because without the EU to protect you from your leaders your leaders will screw you.
I don't know why they're bothering at all. It's must be about party point scoring. It's not about Brexit. If they were concerned about what we thought about that then they'd want to ask us. #PeoplesVote
Yes, she's utterly clueless... I think that's now very well understood by pretty much everyone (apart from a couple of hundred Tory MPs who could actually bring an end to this farce).
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
Migrants 'rush to cross Channel by boat before Brexit'
Doesn't "taking back control" mean you have the power to stop brexit, where appropriate (or continue and ignore any concerns)? That's REAL control.
You left school early to join your Dad's caravan park business, which you then sold. Was that wise, since there's been a boom in UK holidays since the #Brexit vote! Hasn't there?
Well it's time to make a name for yourself. Brexit is the hardest time politicians will ever have. Please the people not other politishion. And corbyn should be sacked. He's never once supported you. Your the priminister for God sake.!!!! Our veterans are so important.. Xx
I voted Remain. If the Brexit referendum were held today - how would you vote? via
This strikes me as very well-deserved. has been outstanding reporting on #Brexit over recent months.
What to expect from a no-deal Brexit
Obviously she was off sick the day the “how to negotiate “ class was on
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Sometimes a nation has to just pull together and be the best we can be. This picture shows ladies fulfilling a brilliant role in 1942. Have we got to be the best we can be right now #Brexit
Yip - so we need a NO Deal Brexit - that will achieve so much more
Conservatives: RT theresa_may: Today I visited Wales and Northern Ireland. I listened to farmers, start-ups and traders; employers, students and academics. The Brexit deal brings certainty to them, and stability for everyone in the United Kingdom. #BackT…
EU top court examines reversibility of Brexit
Pish.
This kind of thinking is disrespectful and a massive disservice to the likes of Jo Cox, murdered by a man who killed for what he believed in (Brexit). How the fuck are you a sitting MP?
Get on with it? No, May’s #Brexit plan was a disaster from day one | Polly Toynbee If there's one good thing about May's Brexit deal it's that it has united the country, as Leavers and Remainers both loathe it equally, albeit for different reasons.
Errrrrrrrrr, no it doesn’t! More lies
Real people. Real issues. We need a #PeoplesVote
Must have been pretty superficial listening to do all that in a day! #justaboutsumsherup
Further proof that this Brexit stuff is *just* about England’s vanity and insecurity. I can no longer feel any affinity to this England when it behaves like this.
Brexit is a disaster, based on lies. The country demands a peoplesvote.
Apparently Theresa May is going to be visiting a factory in Glasgow tomorrow to try to sell her Brexit deal. Does anyone have any idea where or when? Does anyone fancy a wee #indyflashmob?
I don't have £1600 a year to lose.
At every stage of miserable #Brexit road, Govt has tried to keep in the dark, ensuring that it knew less about the negotiations than &amp; didn’t have proper impact assessments, and now trying to hide govt legal advice from it. Who’s taking back control?
It's is also simply wrong to say people didn't see it coming. They did and the general reasons for it. Few timed it but that's to be expected.
BBC News - Brexit deal 'could cut UK growth by 5.5%' by 2030
#TheresaMay rejects Donald Trump's criticism of #Brexit deal - The Guardian
If you have to pressurise, threaten, blackmail, cajole, scaremonger, bribe and appeal for support for the deal then I have news for you. It’s a SHITTY DEAL #GTTO #GeneralElectionNow
Or the public.. Downing Street will reportedly not give full Brexit legal advice to MPs
Sadly true. And it won't be *that* long before a new generation of young and budding politicians in the UK will wonder how politicians, pre-2016, filled their days. "Imagine having the time to deal with things like legislating, social policy and democratic oversight" they'll say.
Brexit has given this kind of scum a false platform. Not all brexiteers are clearly, but no doubt these people now feel "braver" to act like this and not be challenged.
Scexiteers make no sense to me
Great article, showing the common sense reasons why Labour needs to commit to a pro-Europe platform. Labour’s Missing Brexit Strategy
'Norway-plus' #Brexit option gaining ground, says Nicola Sturgeon
EU's lawyers argue Britain cannot cancel Brexit without the bloc's consent
One day, maybe, a British prime minister will think it worthwhile to mention that she or he visited England. #colonialism #patronising #anglocentric #england #wales #NorthernIreland
Is this despicable lying twat still talking about taking back control?? What next—the “£350 million a week for the NHS” bus?
Both parties are committed to putting brexit before growth already. Environment isn't going to get a look in with 20 years of intense treaty negotiation ahead of us.
It's saddens me that many Labour MP's constantly run down the UK, without providing any proven examples. Like Corbyn they appear to be ignorant on UK Economics and Global strategies. God help the UK should gaffer Corbyn and his rag bag crew ever form a Government.
Robbins is a civil servant and does not make the political decisions in the Cabinet, he has been the negotiating Brexit and would not be involved at this level.
Not a very help reply. Can you explain why you think I have “no clue”? I outlined three different potential outcomes for Brexit, all possible at this point. I used this to show no who voted for Brexit knows what the eventual outcome (and impact) will be.
Once we leave the EU there won't even be a fine for missing them. Failure on the part of both parties to oppose brexit. Brexit is the very worse thing for the environment
Unfortunately we won't be able to sell rashford cos of brexit
No but ask them how they would like l10x more brexit and years and. Years of it
I dont think she is. Merely pointing out that Brexit has brought the sewer rats out into society thanks to Robinson, Hopkins etc
I agree nick but that was not my point? i would rather have a elitist who makes sense when he talks than one who dose'nt if you get my drift. although people hate him because he is rich he does have a good way of answering the questions of brexit. i fully agree with him.
“There is no point having a debate with two people who voted Remain &amp; deals that don’t take back control." “Any debate must involve someone who believes in Brexit &amp; the British people being fully in control of their laws"
Pool of support for May's Brexit deal even shallower than first thoughtb
If there's Brexit of not that is govt and centrist policy! This has been govt policy for 20 years idcrather see it happen the modestly rich selling everyone out going broke and all being in it together at last! Not my vote - centrist votes and centrist pretenders stealing votes!
come 2 weeks from now TERESA priminister will have to face the pack of wolfs at the House of commons baiting for blood over this disgraceful chequers brexit deal that had sold us all down the road to become yes men yes women with no democracy freedom of speech
No 'might' about it!
Liking the #Brexit inspired England kit of Keegan, Brooking and Hoddle worn by against Manchester City in the #ChampionsLeague tonight. #LYOMCI
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
The only thing possibly worse than this tour would be a tour.
little village mp, its not your decision who appears on tv #brexit
Who's she kidding.
NO WAY, NORWAY.
i see yer da’s taking the divorce well
Neither. With Brexit, no-one wins.
We are still waiting, Mr Redwood, for your quantified analysis of the impact of a WTO terms or Canada +++ deal #Brexit on our economy . Any chance you could soothe our fears with some evidence of benefits?
Obscene. Where has our tolerant, open society gone? #FBPE #OFOC #PeoplesVote #RemainbowCoalition
Brexit: an opportunity to restructure European finance?
Couple stockpile four months of spare food in case of no deal Brexit Grow up
. Will probably get their scripts approved by each other beforehand. What exactly are they going to debate? Neither knows the bones of Brexit. They're almost on the same page
That only affects rich people. Austerity victims have nothing to lose from #Brexit.
No bias there then from #lol #jokeinnit #pathetic
Our leaving IS their biggest headache. Even once we have gone they will still have to find a solution for Germany propping up the rest of the EU without us. Their papers are full of immigration issues and bought about Brexit.
But they must deal with dropping frequency regulation prices, a sluggish C&amp;I market and Brexit concerns.
Let’s be honest, it most important &amp; pivotal areas of competence UK government(s) have proved themselves to be totally &amp; utterly unfit for purpose. This current Government leads the list with the Brexit sellout.
Umm... one of the big toys this Christmas, is... a Unicorn that poops called #Poopsie. So instead of a crap you, you get a toy crap. It’s a great way to enable kids to get used to #Brexit next year, if the whole country’s going to the shits, now your toys will too.
True May said there are 3 options Her deal No Brexit, favoured by Corbyn No deal - Unrepresented. More contempt for the 17.4 million. What a conniving bum she truly is
Sovereignty obviously restricted to 10 Downing Street then #fbpe
Sure. Offshore tax.
And why will she not publish the full Brexit legal advice as was agreed through a parliamentary majority? How can anyone trust someone who ignores parliamentary democracy?
She needn’t bother! I can’t believe that I was taken in by her lies, but once bitten, twice shy! We voted out..... the PEOPLES VOTE of 2016, clean brexit Mrs May, the general public are not as daft as you think we are!
Punters rate TMay’s chances of getting the Brexit deal agreed by MPs this years at 14%
Brexiteers are either brainless or wicked or both because all Brexit scenarios leave Britain poorer...…. Even the Prime Minister is also lying about the BREXIT dividend. Mrs May for God's sake go and take Boris with you. Retweet please
Fans raging over a manager being angry at a player for missing a sitter rather than the player himself. Pure Brexit bastards. Rashford is overrated to fuck anyway.
Good evening it is 27/11/18 and your attitude to Brexit is criminally irresponsible #BrexitCrimeScene
Anything from or globalist Carney will be laughed at. Their forecasting credibility is shot to pieces. won't have any such figures worked out. They haven't even got a #wto exit plan in place. It's #labour MP's she needs. #brexit
on #brexit just gets better and better. Must read.
'People were sold a lie': Ruthin restless over May's Brexit deal
The PM hoping that blackmailing the kiddie-fiddlers, pervs, &amp; tax dodgers will be enough to swing the vote for her. Just another day at the office. #brexit
Three quarters of UK carmakers fear no-deal Brexit - SMMT #stopbrexit
You didn`t ask , you didn`t listen.. You carried your half-baked unicorn and sold it as the only option.. You failed to back up your wild assertions with facts and you failed to disclose that they would be better off with #REMAIN #PEOPLESVOTE #NOMOREUNICORNS
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
The lie that the EU serves its member states
You’re just ranting at the wrong person. If your argument for Brexit is that EU rules n things like pollution aren’t perfect then good luck to you. You won’t enjoy a post-Brexit, Tory-run deregulated Britain...
Publish the Brexit legal advice, it’s binding on you to do so.
Well well you’ve sold out the leave voters and democracy, really are a con as the name suggests. Disappointed in you as thought you believed in Brexit
Perhaps due to Brexit all days will become huge, 59 hour periods of time, expanding to fill our collective indignation. The EU will crumble when they see what we can do with 35 extra hours in our new HUGE DAYS
No Brexit highly irresponsible and will break GFA.
TBH I don't give a fuck what Coebyn does now. He and are dead to me. We need new parties with which to replace the current sorry sack of shit with, immediately after we have stopped Brexit.
May believes the media stance that immigration is the central Brexit issue. It is not.
Bore off with your shitty propaganda and resign. You have ruined the Tory party for ever
'People were sold a lie': Ruthin restless over May's Brexit deal
I came close to joining Labour in '16 as I recognize its values yet your unwillingness to stand up against Brexit made me decide otherwise. Now this Nation appears to be rudderless, and I as one of "the 3M" lost within it.
With a door to the outside known as a Brexit.
Brexit showdown puts Britain's fault lines on full, irate display | CBC News - TW
your reasoning is pretty schizophrenic at Brexit must be no second vote for very long time but if the elected German government signs a contract immediately new elections do you want to be taken seriously?
Well you might persuade the sheep to vote for you... just RESIGN please &amp; go home.
England is dragging us down . Thatcher had them looking after No1, now half the population don’t give a shit and target minorities- propagated by Brexit. Scotland Independence is our option. #Indy #noxenophobia
Look, Trump's play on Brexit! He doesn't want a deal any more than any other disaster capitalist, he wants the US to be able to take advantage of the UK after 'No Deal'......
Corbyn and Milne are ardent Brexiters. They want the freedom to run our country like the mad far left, non-social democrats that they are. #NotScandinavia #disastercommunism
It’s like her final tour!
WOW. This opens up an important pathway to undoing the Brexit mess that we're now in. #PeoplesVote #FBPE #InformedConsent
Theresa May travelling to all the countries in the United Kingdom trying to peddle her Brexit deal feels like that episode of The Simpsons with the Monorail guy...
May heads to Scotland as Brexit deal founders in Westminster
unless of course you support Brexit then the Brexit Broadcasting Corporation are doing a great job. Where has you integrity gone ?
explaining the push for a public enquiry over #facebook and Russian involvement in #Brexit
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
If Twitter/Internet cannot help someone who URGENTLY NEEDS WORK to find PAYING WORK, what good is it exactly? No one will answer this question. Twitter is a solid wall of narcissism and bollocks about Trump &amp; Brexit. SHAME ON ALL OF US. That's all.
Two weeks until I’m home! With my dogs... postrated in front of the TV... probably having just had an argument with my parents over politics... being anxious about the Brexit vote in Parliament... #justChristmasthings
Chat in Westminster with a Remain centrist labour MP “jeremy is shifting towards a people’s vote - if he does so, he will have my total support” (this mp loathes Corbyn But he loathes brexit more)
this is why I love
Theresa May's deal is a fake Brexit not out of the EU.
Well quite but what's that got to do with people who voted Brexit other than UKIP's latest bid to eradicate itself from the political landscape?
This deal won't get through Parliament. Face facts. If you go to country you will have even less seats with fractured party. You have 3 choices. Have a Parl. vote on new referendum. Suspend Article 50 until an investigation into Brexit support is delivered #Brexit #TheresaMay
Only when the travesty of Brexit bites hard on Scotland will people wake up.
Definitely not. The whole debate idea is bizarre though. Just like the whole #Brexit project.
Everyone who voted brexit please make a note of who votes for Mays deal .....even if u have to vote for a party u hate to get rid of them at next General election then do it .....these unpatriotic assholes who have no respect for democracy need to lose their jobs
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
How Brexit Can Be STOPPED
My exact thoughts! Disgusting behaviour and hopefully the culprit has been punished. Trust though to bring Brexit into it. I assume she is suggesting that everyone that voted leave is either racist or a bully......maybe both?
Honestly , just give up, it's not worth it! ( a bit like Brexit)
Spot on Boris. This is just a propaganda exercise orchestrated by the establisment elite. They take us all for fools.
Anyone who votes to save May will be immediately thrown out of our
Tariffs are, frankly, the least of our problems. Time and trust are becoming increasingly important in trade, and our exporting businesses took full advantage of both in the EU. Brexit increases delays and destroys trust. Our exporters will leave.
Excellent piece
UK equity market descends into 'uninvestable' zone #Brexit #market
It’s almost comical that you still think you can stand in solidarity with people who are losing their jobs. What a twat. #brexit
Farage appear on Fox News hours before Trump's Brexit outburst | Daily Mail Online
You know the day before the referendum the polls should 54% for remain. Worked out well that did. If you want to overturn the Brexit result need to pursued a major party to change policy, and then win a GE.
theresa_may: Today I visited Wales and Northern Ireland. I listened to farmers, start-ups and traders; employers, students and academics. The Brexit deal brings certainty to them, and stability for everyone in the United Kingdom. #BackTheBrexitDeal Toda…
The Brexit deal brings certainty to them, and stability for eu
This “B” movie should come with a health warning, “CONTAINS LIE’s” In fact contains only lies. Did she speak to anyone in Primark or Poundland. The gurning bitch is an embarrassment to the party and the country.
Punters rate TMay’s chances of getting the Brexit deal agreed by MPs this years at 14%
“75% of our members have told us a no deal Brexit will threaten their viability; 20% say they’ve already lost business; a fifth implementing contingency plans &amp; some executing relocation plans. And we haven't left yet" #SMMTAnnualDinner
EU membership at approximately 39p per person per day (£142 per year). Brexit cost approximately £5.38 per person per year (£2000). The builder voted for brexit.
Why I cannot support May’s Brexit deal – 1828
FM is shown speaking for nine seconds on Brexit but twelve on Indyref2 ... at a Brexit press conference. Reporting Scotland 27/11/2018 via
No deal preparations for imports outweigh contingencies from the Tories. This one comes as no surprise...
And so his opinion on Brexit is irrelevant?
And independence will make us all better off? You’ve done the Brexit analysis and surely must have done the Indy analysis so please publish that too? Let the people decide what is best.
This fantastic response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
Looks more like an escape from soft Brexit
Not just Brexit but to save Britain. She's Dangerous. She has more contempt for The British People than the EU do
That’s got nothing to do with Brexit, Huddersfield has been full of racisits since time began. Don’t use a video of a child getting attacked by a criminal as a pedestal to spout Brexit propaganda.
Er Kate Hooey if we are allowed to judge whole party by one MP! Labour are in no position to talk about brexit from anyone's point of view. Larry the Cat might bring more to the table until they face up to the job of opposing. Shadow cabinet is a role
I’ll be surprised if any of us survive past 29th March 2019 based on the latest Prohect Fear clams. At this rate it’ll just be Theresa May &amp; Olly Robbins in their bunker and some cockroaches left...
The latest The nick clegg daily! Thanks to #brexit #auspol
When we record this brexit chapter of our glorious history, it'll be on some dilapidated typewriter or just a series of semi-intelligible tribal scenes scrawled on a cave wall somewhere.
and this is just as bad JC
Legal challenge to Brexit! Apparently a cross party group of MSP’s are putting forward this challenge at the ECJ on Tuesday supported by Jolyon Maugham QC. A crowdfunding drive has risen nearly £200,000 target from 5,800 people to revoke article 50. The Remainers go on and on.
Brexit and the 'No Deal' Scenario - Lawyers for Britain
? brexit means brexit. fight off our enemies!!
Resign ...please go.... you sold brexit down the river
Indeed. But whats your view on #Brexit ? Because ... many not the few as do i say this ...
Well done to that man. I also voted for Brexit and while the deal on offer us not perfect it never was going to be. The main worry now is if it’s voted down where will that lead and my view is ultimately a General Election and Corbin as GE. An alternative I can’t contemplate
Given the worst Tory Government in the last Century We are still floundering in the Polls Your leadership is non existant. Brexit where on earth have you been. Very very sad
The overriding conclusion about economists, whether quango, treasury or lobbyist, yet again, is that they are terrible at analysing variable factors, sentiment, the future. Tragically, politicians use them to justify their views, instead of common sense.
pm is a sad bitch
No-deal Brexit: Amazon blamed for lack of food warehouse space
A Second Brexit Referendum: how would it work via
#ScotRef BBC Scotland’s political editor under fire after news report pokes fun at FM’s Brexit press conference
Brexit is the SOLE RESPONSIBILITY of the Trashy tories. To conflate the increased suffering of the vulnerable with JC becoming PM, is like saying mother Theresa was a threat to the health of patients in a hospital run by sadistic jailers not doctors.
If you are talking about #supralyon you are not the first one. A postdoc from group just emailed to cancel for same reason. #Brexit collateral damage? will loooooove that
You are always very measured Pepijn. The point here was not sensitivity to criticism over Brexit (you know my and Tony's positions), but crass cultural generalisations about a very heterogenous people.
I can’t work out if centerist are dense about this or just immediately put their fingers in their ears as soon as anyone takes a broader perspective than their myopic #FBPE “lalalalalalala...”
He’s absolutely. Repeal the European Communities Act. Leave on our terms. See how quickly we get a deal. We should’ve done it 2 years ago. No negotiations, that’s what caused uncertainty
PM has been saying post #Brexit they plan to treat EU migrants the same way as non-EU. All other things being equal should mean more high skill jobs are filled &amp; fewer low skill. Remember we have over 800K vacancies, prioritising high skill job vacancies makes economic sense.
Boris Johnson: #Brexit #TV debate must include a proper Brexiteer, not just May and Corbyn
UKIP would need to field a large number of candidates to be able to make inroads in the government
Of course it is Brexit. It is not everything I wanted but it is close enough while reassuring essential businesses/employers! #BackTheBrexitDeal
EU leaders warn the UK will not be offered a better Brexit deal
Hi Jezza. Please don't let us Brexit, it won't help the poorest, it's dreadful for our youngest. It won't help our eldest as no one will be there to care. Thanks Jezza. Here's a pic of my belovedvpusskins cat, her name is Itsy, sending love to your cat, El Gato
Which isn’t Brexit. Who’s silly?
Britain's budding crop of new Nazis. They'll be on the streets smashing up shops with foreign sounding names once we stop Brexit. Of course Tories/UKIP are quite happy with this.
Trump. Brexit. Far Right resurgence. Our world is going backwards and I truly fear for our and the next generation. We must fight regression with everything we have.
May heads to Scotland as Brexit deal founders in Westminster
noel despises malique doesnt he the big brexit beast hahah
May offering peerages as "sweeteners" to get her Brexit deal through. Aren't sweeteners carcinogenic????
Do not accept Theresa May's false binary choice of "Deal or No Deal", intended to bludgeon us into accepting her crap Brexit. Join us on Friday at this Global Event to #BuggerBrexit via Please invite many friends
PM's new Brexit mantra: everything is agreed although nothing is agreed
No 10 rejects call to include Sturgeon in TV Brexit debate
Brexit-backing BBC host Andrew Neil just got absolutely destroyed on his own channel via
Immigration plans might not be published before Brexit vote, says Javid | UK news
Perhaps he has an intrinsic fear that Ireland, without the UK in Brussels, may just be worse off. What on earth will he find to captivate his readership post Brexit - neutrality, Pesco, CCTB, Digital Tax, Carbon emissions penalties, Selmayrs career acceleration ?
Is this true? Another sharp nail covered up on the #Brexit bed with a blanket of lies &amp; treasonable diversion. A #PeoplesVote is only way to regain our sanity &amp; rescue us from the oppression of red bus drivers who are carrying the passengers over cliff in mass economic suicide
They are literally warning the sky will fall post brexit
#Brexit means different things for every sector. For those trying to to navigate the maze in #FMCG or #Retail, join sector leader Lisa Hooker, Lord Mark Price and Tim Rycroft at our webcast with The Grocer on 29th Nov. Register here #BeyondBrexit
“The analysis shows why the deal agreed by the Prime Minister is unacceptable."
May set to snub Trump at G20 summit after his Brexit deal comments | Daily Mail Online
Your view of Brexit you mean .is that the one where their 500 million need our 60 million more than we need them? Morons.
This will go down if you vote for Brexit deal. As a constituent of yours, please don't.
If there’s a TV debate about #Brexit, all of the options need to be represented, including Remain and a #PeoplesVote. Demand fair representation by signing.
She's lying again
Cabinet at war over post Brexit border plan | Daily Mail Online
May ally warns Tories face electoral disaster if they axe Brexit deal | Daily Mail Online
German TV show ridicules Brexit saying in the end England loses | Daily Mail Online
After Brexit England will drop outside the top 20.
What to expect from a no-deal Brexit
Cornwall couple stockpile food essentials in case of no deal Brexit | Daily Mail Online
What to expect from a no-deal Brexit
Can you exasperate brexit anymore?
Theresa May just wants Brexit over with no matter the cost! She is simply sick of it and wants it wiped off her plate. To hell with consequences!
Indeed: we all agree that Brexit must be stopped. I think we all agree too that we have to counter the rise of populism across Europe. That's why #FBPE has become one of the most powerful tools to fight far-right parties, movements and social media. We can make the difference!
Downing Street has refused to publish the full legal advice it has been given on the Brexit deal despite a House of Commons resolution to do so. This is an outright insult to democracy. What are they hiding?
They already are Nicola Strugeon has been more of an opposition to Brexit than the whole of the labour party. The Scottish government are involved in two court cases right now to try and stop the nonsense. Not just for Scotland but for the whole of the UK
Same..and I would do again in a heartbeat. #Brexit
Whoohoo
You talk some rubbish you cretinous coward!! A Vicar's Daughter,don't make me laugh!!!
The border problem was invented in order to create the solution of the Backstop, which will stop Brexit. Every MP is aware that a vote for the WA is a vote to stop Brexit.
BBC News - Brexit: Theresa May denies 'rolling over' on deal
Should we start picketing independent peer review in all journalism? I feel that Brexit will likely happen over again if anything else goes to the polls and us on stupid street (influenced by a charged media) have to vote for it. Whilst lacking critical thinking/resourcefulness
In summary for those of you who don't care about politics on my tl. Half the people will be panicking about how scary this all is, the other half will be accusing the state of scaremongering
fans are more divided than Britain after #brexit and the US after election. Mourinho in, Mourinho out, Martial FC, Rashford FC.
24 hours and no reply!
visited Wales and Northern Ireland. I listened to farmers, start-ups and traders; employers, students and academics. The Brexit deal brings #uncertainty to them
Caroline! David! Tony won’t like seeing you bickering! Stick together with your party leader &amp; we’ll be in power &amp; Brexit will unravel.
Boris: Brexit debate must include Brexiteer
The aftermath of brexit with Scotland still in the UK, being ignored, exploited and sidelined is a horrifying thought...
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
Taking back control — the gift that keeps on giving. Not.
Modern trade means complying with regulations. In regulatory terms, EU and US are the superpowers, but the EU more so because US has greater difficulty passing federal regulations. That's an essential but usually overlooked Brexit basic...
Right now I'm much more concerned about this. What can we do to stop a prime minister who is defying a binding vote, surely this is contempt of parliament and there must be some form of censure?
So we can take that as meaning the DUP official stance is a hard Brexit then and a hard border? or are we going to ignore the EU when they said it was this or nothing and are we going to the fact DUP haven't come up with an answer to the border?
Brexit: Theresa May denies 'rolling over' but claims she “bent over”
Yet another reason why the vote will be hard to pass.... Asking MP's to vote blind folded ...
"Never ascribe to malice that which can be ascribed to incompetence." The official slogan of #brexit?
'Please let us say we're bored. If we have to face the horrifying mistake we've been trapped in we'll feel terrible. Give us the handy psyops-engineered get out. Please.'
He must be part of the BREXIT deal
Johnson warns Brexit debate between May and Corbyn will be 'pointless' | Daily Mail Online
#Farage and #aaronbanks should be in there too, as #Brexit kinda got the ball up in the air? I remember a lot of Americans saying, well if the Brits have been brave enough to vote against ? then we will too! Am I being too colonial?
We don’t really love Pence on the US. He was picked by Manafort which should tell you everything you need to know.
Not my point at all. Of course it does. It’s EU deal that attempts address inherent contradiction Brexit. If you read article I referred you to you’d have more insight
TBH I don't give a fuck what Corbyn does now. He and are dead to me. We need new parties with which to replace the current sorry sack of shit with, immediately after we have stopped Brexit.
Should Nicola Sturgeon be involved in any televised Brexit debate? via
not shocked
Or leave without a deal, that’s what we voted for!!!
Senior UK academics call for people’s vote to save universities
I care a great deal about #Brexit but l wish others who care about #Brexit would care more about #fracking. #fracking is a symbol of the erosion of #Democracy, not to mention #climatechange.... #IPCC #ClimateChangeIsReal #renewableenergy
Join us on the 9th #BrexitBetrayalMarch #BrexitBetrayal #MayMustGo #MayMustGoNow #SackOlly
What to expect from a no-deal Brexit
There's no majority on Parliament for a no-deal Brexit.
Labour are a hard Brexit party, identical red lines to the Tories, end FoM thus leaving the Single Market and leaving THE Customs Union
With a small margin, you were never going to enjoy a full fat Brexit. You'll realise in time that "We told you so" isn't applied. MUCH to your relief! Only then you'll see that the freedom of movement is beneficial After all.
Brexit Britain #BrexitDeal Kleptocracy UK #Kleptocracyuk
No balls
visited #Wales and #NorthernIreland. I listened to farmers, start-ups and traders; employers, students and academics. The Brexit deal brings #uncertainty to them
Oh no you haven't! Oh yes I have! Repeat ad libitum. Exeunt omnes, pursued by a Brexit. CURTAIN #PeoplesVote
PM's new Brexit mantra: everything is agreed although nothing is agreed Certain uncertainty as against uncertain uncertainty... | John Crace
This is such an exciting move forward - TOMORROW ! momentum is building and whilst all are focussing on Brexit - the BIG picture is realistic and focussing on other issues that matter &amp; contribute too #lifegoeson
The future can only look much brighter for the because of it. An influx of memberships and tonight there will be councillor's, MEP's and so on questioning their own political support. Let's be clear, only The #SDP stand firm on #Brexit where others are MIA.
Given that the Brexit process has been an absolute 'shower', are you sure about this?
Those sound like more realistic Brexit outcomes tbh.
We need Nicola Sturgeon.Wish we were Scotland.
Thanks to the for hosting a very interesting session on the potential implications of #Brexit (deal v no deal) for in-house #lawyers tonight. Plenty of food for thought depending on what actually happens between now &amp; next year...! #constructionlaw
You haven't listened to the British People, given everything that we have to the EU for a deal worse than before Brexit. How's that making a difference? Please please resign and give this Nation a chance to salvage something before it is too late!
Weber’s resume looking lighter by the day
More annoyed about Brexit andbthe fact is marketing the eu to the Brit's when it should in fact be the other way around.
*Even* the Times are saying it. Come on. They know she will wipe the floor with them and appeal to far too many Remainers for comfort.
Yet still theres a sizable chunk of English voters who would be happy to see him as PM....kinda explains the jumping off the cliff that is #Brexit
The latest The councilwatchuk Daily! Thanks to #brexit #tories
BBC Scotland’s political editor under fire after news report pokes fun at FM’s Brexit press conference
That's certainly what I voted for as well. Unfortunately, my useless MP plans to vote for May's awful deal.
It's not the Brexit, or even the boredom, that have been driving me to an early grave; like the chap said, it's the hoping. Just like a yo-yo.
Fucking hell man just give the job to giggsy til the end of the season
Brexit propaganda. That's why they both want it. Make Brexit the only visible choice. A debate between them kills off the #PeoplesVote option. Or so they hope.
Is May’s Brexit Deal Dead in the Water? (VIDEO) #UK #EU #Brexit
#Brexit as sold by vote leave = no deal #BrexitDeal sold by May = chaos, nether remain or leave #NoBrexit is the last choice If Westminster can't resolve this, then it's?
We no longer believe you, every devious action undertaken by T May in the last 21/2 years screams at us not to beleive you, every pronouncement by Macron tells us not to beleive you, every action you have taken has been a denial of true brexit, using NI as a smoke screen. NO MORE
Hey Lynn the Brexit Vicar (Satire)( ), thank you for following me
Yes, through the bloody EU.
Brexit Britain.
Here are the 12 [now 10] Labour MPs who are considering voting FOR Theresa May’s Brexit deal via
Steve is great.
May thinks in the next 2 weeks she can 'Sell' her Brexit means noBrext deal. How arrogant! EVERYONE who lives in vote leave area, with an MP throwing 2 fingers at them. NOW is the time to group and start the process of pushing them to resign. Don't wait for them to Vote - PUSH
greentechmedia: But they must deal with dropping frequency regulation prices, a sluggish C&amp;I market and Brexit concerns.
People who voted for Donald Trump. People who voted for Brexit. People who voted for #annehegerty to do an #iamaceleb challenge. You know who you are...
Pathetic!
One of the gross injustices of Brexit - those whose lives are most negatively affected were those denied access to democracy.
May faces Brexit moment of truth in parliament #businessNews November 25, 2018
BBC News - DUP's Foster hits out at May's Brexit 'propaganda' tour
Brexit is simply too fundamental an issue to be used by Labour to calculate how to get into power by deliberately enabling chaos. My letter to Jeremy Corbyn: | Gina Miller
Will they compare it with 'Norway'? And if not, why not? Canada plus died before it was born, putting it one step ahead, I suppose, of the WA, which is merely on death row.
does number 10 own the tv stations ? #brexit
Brexit has been a shambles, only fitting that the deal should be equally shambolic. We should have the chance to end this charade with a simple Peoples Vote.
Because he wants to leave the EU. He has always been anti-EU because of its corporate capitalist qualities. #PeoplesVote
Any chance I can come live in Scotland when you do leave? I’m a bit of a thrill seeker and the adrenaline of living in an obscure country, that hasn’t got much going for itself, that is not part of Britain or the EU is exhilarating! It’s Brexit Level: 9000
(We can’t have Fed govt dictating to private business). NO MORE BAILOUTS! Trump blasts GM over job cuts, as deeper trade war looms - business live
Jesus fucking Christ. Absolute disgrace.
When Corbyn says we shouldn’t brexit I’ll stop criticising him
The British public voting for Anne Hegerty to do another Bushtucker trial is a prime example of why a second Brexit referendum might not be as good an idea as we all think #ImACeleb
Brexit legacy
Everybody talks about Brexit but Mr. Closet-Brexiteer Corbyn dodges the topic whenever he can. THIS makes for sobering reading!
Why does it need reforming? Because it has failed again.
Perfect example of the lack of action over climate change. When it’s so much cheaper driving the train it’s the only choice for most of us. government needs to take action to make public transport more affordable (along with so many other things) instead of bickering over Brexit
Many people voted for #Brexit believing it would stop #TTIP, so just imagine their silent horror now. We could dig out plenty of threads but it wouldn't be fair to remind them they were warned because they were being conned like everyone else
This is #Brexit
Finally a positive vision for Brexit! We'll have solved overpopulation AND we'll have a decent source of protein!!
So, Theresa May won't debate with Nicola Sturgeon about Brexit, nor will she allow The National into her press conference? Fuck the Tories, fuck Theresa May, fuck Brexit, fuck the UK. #DissolveTheUnion #indyref2 #usethemandate #brexitdeal #withdrawalagreement #BrexitAgreement
Almost as many likes as #Brexit voters.
"The Brexit deal brings certainty to them"
Clear explanation of where we're at. Isn't it time MPs were made to learn Parliamentary procedure? Or are they assuming the public don't know? That's the tactic of the mob
Was Brexit delivered while I wasn't looking? What was last week's cosy get-together in Brussels about? What's the vote on 11 December about, if the result of the Referendum has already been delivered and we have left?
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
What for speaking the truth!
'People were sold a lie': Ruthin restless over May's #Brexit deal
Must go with being President, much like Obama.
Sir, I trust that you will do the right thing for our country, democracy, and the electorate who voted for #Brexit, by voting against this atrocious deal which surrenders our sovereignty. #StandUp4Brexit
Yep, might as well have got the leaders of the Remain campaign to negotiate the Article 50 deal, it's the 1st step to a Remainer #Brexit!!!
Gove? A "secret weapon"? The c*** who stabbed Boris in the back and created this mess? The fucking snake who claimed to be a Brexiteer just to advance his career and then joined up with May? He can fuck off
Who will be the Prime Minister this time next year?
The House of Lords makes a huge contribution to the UK but proper democratic reform is long overdue.
Write to your MP today to tell them you're #NotBuyingIt. No one wants this dodgy #Brexit deal. Demand a #PeoplesVote:
More lies..... She is speaking. Never in our history has there been a bigger blatant liar than May.
Then #VoteDownTheDeal as you know an International Trade Policy won’t be possible with Theresa May’s deal of doom.
The time must be coming #indyref2
Congratulations!
Brexit will hit Scottish tax revenue by £2bn
Brexit legacy
Here we go.... tell the truth time. We had certainty in the EU until you lot fucked it up now everyone is confused Sick of Mays lies about what people want Tories are losing jobs home and abroad
The legal advice probably states that if traitor may signs the deal, then we are doomed for eternity!!!!!
Apparently, according to this particular EU-loon the causes of Brexit are "inequality" (?!) and "miseducation" (but of course - I forgot we were all thick).
Well worth all remainers and leavers taking time out to read this considered response to the Draft Withdrawal Agreement for Brexit from
Tbh I can understand why any reasonable person would be offended by the word “Brexit”
She denies rolling over on Brexit, that makes her incompetent or unwilling to fight for the U.K. from the start, for whatever reason or reasons.
The question is what is stopping speaking for us? She knows the damage Brexit will cause, yet still seems set to support this #dodgydeal. I suspect her decision on December 11th will determine how much longer her political career lasts.
Dump the elitists Kate, join us on the 9th #BrexitBetrayalMarch #BrexitBetrayal #MayMustGo #MayMustGoNow #SackOlly
How do think you get a referendum? The only way it happens before we leave is if the Tories want it to happen. Seen as the vast majority of their voters vote brexit I find that unlikely
The Backstop will stop Brexit. Every MP knows that a vote for the WA is a vote to stop Brexit.
#Brexit has been betrayed. Make your voices heard Please sign and retweet this petition #Brexit #BrexitDeal #MayMustGo #imaceleb #StandUp4Brexit
refugees are being treated badly by Trump but at least they are not asking for advice.
Write to your MP today to tell them you're #NotBuyingIt. No one wants this dodgy #Brexit deal. Demand a #PeoplesVote:
OK here without sarcasm if that really matters: Nick Clegg pushed hard for austerity and it's been horrifically damaging for ordinary people, and one of the things which led to the Brexit vote.
Disagree . Referendum was poorly designed according to voting theory ! Should have been ignored. Cancel Brexit
Finfacts: RT EdwardGLuce: Trump is openly gunning for a no-deal Brexit and for a populist like Boris Johnson or Rees-Mogg to finish off Theresa May. This is full Bannonism. Not the behavior of an ally.
May thinks in the next 2 weeks she can 'Sell' her Brexit means noBrext deal. How arrogant! EVERYONE who lives in vote leave area, with an MP throwing 2 fingers at them. NOW is the time to group and start the process of pushing them to resign. Don't wait for them to Vote - PUSH
Trump trips up May as she sells Brexit deal
I know I’ve never seen such devastation the last decade has brought with this lot in charge . A country so polarised via brexit too . It’s a simmering disaster waiting to explode
The guy is conspiring with other cabinet colleagues to undermine her deal. If he’s all she’s got, she’s heading for the ropes. Michael Gove Unleashed As May’s ‘Secret Weapon’ In Bid To Sell Brexit Deal To Tory MPs - HuffPost UK
Mate brexit hasn't happened yet.
Aww cute. Project fear is now in full swing...
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
The powers that be have declared war on us, it's obvious. How much more will our people take of this shit?
There’s no point in a TV Brexit debate if 1. the public don’t get a say at the end of it 2. The debate is about domestic politics 3. There are no remain or ‘hard’ Brexit voices present! sucks ass right now #BrexitDebate
Darn it I'm there thurs... We could've have tea
I think I’ve arrived at the Brexit event horizon.
And the starement you quoted is Stamer, NOT Corbyn. Not the same thing. Stamer recently also contradicted Corbyn's false starement that Brexit couldnt be stopped. Maybe if you read anything other than the fucking Canary or Novara, YOU might learn something
Supporting a xenophobic Brexit facilitates the far right.
There Has Never Been A Mandate For Brexit
The best deal for Britain: Be discussed when we clear these final hurdles in the largest ever response to the price of copper and lead. And that is available for the NHS. #Brexit #BrexitChaos #StopBrexit #TheresaMay #Conservatives
Who cares, they will be worthless plst Brexit anyway.
While you support any deal because that’s why you got the job. You’ll do exactly what your told. will support any Brexit deal even if it hurts Scotland
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
‘BuzzFeed News revealed the existence of a new crack team set up by the PM to work out how to keep her Brexit deal alive’. == A whole team on crack? Exactly where has Theresa May been recruiting these people?
I hear you. Brexit insanity...#bccww
A no deal Brexit means:- We leave the EU No open borders No more money to EU No £39 billion handout Free trade with whole World Make our own laws Sovereignty returns to UK Out of SM &amp; CU Fishing waters back No longer under ECJ NO TRANSITION THAT'S FREEDOM It's what I voted for!!
‘The Brexit deal brings certainty to them’ - yes, the certainty of less secure jobs, lower incomes and a poorer standard of living.
Contemptuous liar! You haven't spoken to a business, your MP's and MSP's run and hide at the mention of Brexit. You're a lying twat who should be in jail for fraud, you and every cabinet member behind brexit.
Stop trying to convince yourself and the great British public that it’s a good deal. IT’S NOT!!! and you know it.....
Brexit is solely about the long standing European rift in the Conservative party with concern over UKIP taking Tory votes. To accuse Labour/Corbyn of playing politics is rank hypocrisy showing the lies you have become famous for. A third rate politician as the worst post-war PM.
I think this is worth a bet. I think there's a strong chance Corbyn will whip Labour to abstain.
I was hoping that Corbyn was the UK Bernie. Sadly, he’s not. Bernie is smarter &amp; a much better speaker. Corbyn, like May, is incapable of answering a simple question about Brexit without waffling &amp; evading.
No ideawhat you are trying to say here. Currently we have no fit party here and 2 parties that equally support Brexit and made an utter shocker out of the situation. So i do not see where exactly the democracy is hiding....
Anyone reminded of #Brexit?
Who do you believe ? I believe Sarah not Theresa ....there is no brexit dividend and Mrs Mays letter to your constituents is a complete lie!
What ever the demos against, rape gangs, Brexit, injustices of laws it’s always racist or fascist. It all very boring now.
A well considered response to the Draft Withdrawal Agreement for Brexit from
Bastards!
Continue reading... #EU #EUpol
I blame Brexit.
Slightly different slant: Mrs May's a UK PM who's English and it's UK, not England, we're dealing with. Reality is England unfortunately has no political status. That's what's fuelling Brexit - a cry for an English identity. Westminster must recognise that.
If you back Corbyn and want to stop brexit, you have to give up one of those. Because Corbyn has a hard-on for leaving the EU at any cost. He's not an ally, never was, never will be.
U.K.’s Davis Chooses ‘No Deal’ Over May’s #Brexit Agreement, via -
This government, the eu’s bureaucrats, the lords and the opposition are all fucking useless! Change is needed and #brexit has highlighted the urgency of it.
Kate Hoey didnt stand at the 2017 GE on a platform of stopping brexit and a peoples vote though. The claim the country wants a peoples vote etc is so popular the LD's continually poll so successfully on 7%
Labour voters, the Tories are done, it is safe to be for Brexit It seems that all remoaners hold on to the notion that Britain will only ever be ruled by the Conservatives, Theresa May has executed the Tory Party Don't be for the EU just because you are frightened of the Tories
Brexit merch.
What IS proper Brexit, Jules?
Top Tip don't bother wasting taxpayers' money on an all expenses paid trip to Scotland to chat to your tory cronies, spend the money on stock for #foodbanks instead
This explains what's been happening being the scenes in our #Brexit negotiations
No Brexit
May heads to Scotland as Brexit deal founders in Westminster
What’s the betting that inbred little turd attacking him had parents that voted for #Brexit ? Britain is a nation where its racist scum need to be crushed.
Never a true word said and well done that man
Speechless.
The Brexit impediment to this is more pressing Jeremy.
I should not have used that language...haha she should not be PM
There’s NO PLAN B? Theresa May says it’s my Brexit or back to square one. The Prime Minister is tone death and continues to lie through her teeth. Her deal isn't Brexit. There are better options such as Canada+++ or a full WTO Brexit.
As Hitler ordered the destruction of Berlin at end of WW2 so Sharia Mays agenda is to destroy UK before taking up her high paying EU job. Symptoms of Megalomania are evident in both. Both surrounded themselves with weak willed individuals that they controlled by fear and reward
Maybe also the leader of your former party? The are the only UK-wide party that opposes Brexit.
May’s Brexit deal will be profoundly damaging to Scotland, says Harvie
Brexit has exposed just how corrupt,out of touch &amp; conniving the UK political system is. Politicians look down on British people, don’t respect our vote &amp; most are anti British preferring to support EU Dictatorship rule over our country. They are betraying us &amp; selling out UK.
Punters rate TMay’s chances of getting the #Brexit deal agreed by MPs this years at 14%
Punters rate TMay’s chances of getting the #Brexit deal agreed by MPs this years at 14%
The people want their Fantasy-Brexit and the [Internet Driven] "Attention Economy" means anyone not offering it will be tuned out. Human cognitive biases were just not set up for the current information deluge.
Brexit threatens workers rights does it? You mean like this Mr Lammy. ?
Theresa may visited #Wales and #NorthernIreland. I listened to farmers, start-ups and traders; employers, students and academics. The Brexit deal brings #uncertainty to them
Quantum•Chronograph Timeline is Absolutely Radical! Stories via #startup #brexit
What I would rather do than watch the PM and Corbyn debate Brexit for an hour, her pushing her Not Even Good Enough For a Dog's Dinner Deal and him singing the virtues of his Jobs First Choose Your Own Adventure Brexit...
Brexit mate brexit
Wtf is he talking about honestly
well MP's don't have to pass exams, or prove anything. Except Tories, who have to prove they're loyal and will come to heel.
BIN BREXIT and sort out problems such as homelessness, ridiculous rise in use of Food Banks due to austerity cuts and Esther McVey’s cock ups for starters.
It’s the only deal there will be. Oppose it. Oppose Brexit. If not, you will share the blame with the Tory party for generations to come.
#brexit I am probably not the only one but I’m still waiting to find out what this brexit is all about,and more so will it affect me!!!
Well, for a start Corbyn is more pro-Brexit than May, and if there should be a Tory Brexiteer in the debate too, NOT YOU.
BREAKING: Theresa May denies that she is clutching at straws after challenging Jeremy Corbyn to a mud-wrestling contest in a winner-takes-all Brexit showdown!
The voice of the people of Govanhill must be heard. They are willing to hear your answers. What are you and scared off?
Theresa May will tell Scots tomorrow that the Brexit agreement "is a deal that is good for Scottish employers and which will protect jobs.”
".. leaving no space for an proponent of a second referendum" . #Brexit #PeoplesVote #nhs #theresa_may #Farage #BBC #NickRobinson #AFNeil #Marr #Boris #BorisJohnson #PoliticsLive #BBCR4today #StandUp4Brexit #LeaveMeansLeave
Come on Anne Hegerty! (Yes I’m obsessed with I’m a Celeb. It’s better than Brexit.)
Professor Ypi not only fails here to demonstrate that the left-wing case for Brexit doesn't exist, but even fails to demonstrate that it is unconvincing, unless you first accept that the EU could ever realistically be what she insists it must be.
#PrivateEquity Firms Get Ready for #Brexit
You tweet loads about Brexit. But nothing I could see in a foreign language. Nothing to suggest any knowledge of or interest in Europe. Maybe if you knew more you’d be less keen. From gilets jaunes through Salvini, Orban etc.. the EU isn’t what you people think.
I am offended by the word brexit unless it has the word bollocks in front of it
So good to seem something uplifting on Twitter - just so wearing to see that interminable faux outrage and falsehood over Brexit - thanks.
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
What the fuck are DUP gonna do with £1bn?
Translation: 'Full legal advice said it was a bum deal, full of nasty traps and that only a blinkered fool would contemplate signing it'
#bbcnews #Brexit Theresa May is taking here message to the people a dozen at a time. TRY GIVING A SPEACH IN A LARGE PUBLIC GATHERING, rather than hiding behind skirts of those who support you.
No it's her name ffs. And I'm sorry but Brexit has seen the lowest scum of society come out from their rocks thanks to Robinson, Hopkins etc
Aah yes, and do these esteemed experts still concur that Britain should join the Euro? They used to be awfully keen on it, what's changed? Also that the sky should have fallen in (even though it didn't) when we voted to leave the EU in the first place? #UselessNancies
Welcome to endemic English racism. The bully must be immediately expelled. Aylesbury and its rotten school should be thoroughly ashamed. The school should re-named RACIST BULLY ACADEMY. Disgraceful inhumanity from this stupid youth. Post-Brexit xenophobia will rise in England.
Waste of time, space and taxpayers money! Desperate PR exercise to satisfy #TheresaMay delusion and vanity. #DontBackTheBrexitDeal
It's an Oxford Uni thing! Don't judge us all by the elite I know they have a lot of bulldogs barking for them but not all the English are this bad!! We aren't all libertarians. Plus Adonis opposes brexit. (That is my only line of defence for him and his pedigree chums)
with feet of clay.
Labour under Corbyn is causing a real problem for me and anyone who wants to #remain #reform from inside and build a fairer society. How can Labour members allow this to be? Unforgiveable #PeoplesVote
Allowing Britain to reverse Brexit without Brussels' permission could destroy EU, ECJ hears
She's right about this.
More fake news from mainstream journalists trying to influence Brexit via
There to "welcome" May on her Brexit Deal tour
Dreaming of a brexit christmas
Before the Referendum Corbyn was lying. Now May is lying. She knows it can’t be done, but she keeps on madly pushing this dead unicorn. On the other hand Corbyn believes in his shiny Brexit from the bottom of his Gammon heart. Any of the 2 we loose. #StopBrexit #FBPE #PeoplesVote
May's Brexit agreement from EU could threaten a US-British trade deal,Trump comments
Good to speak to on as always
Hell mend the Union if Nicola Sturgeon is denied the chance to debate Brexit, if it goes ahead. I know people are saying a debate is a waste of time, and it very obviously is. But, let them deny Scotland a voice and see where it gets them. It's another nail in the UK coffin.
He’s up against the worst prime minister in living memory, and she’s trying to sell a deal worse than anyone imagined possible. Even with his incoherent views on Brexit, she’ll come off worse. And it would look bad to refuse.
Embarrassing that this is happening in our country. What does brexit matter if we have young lads behaving like this?
May tried to suppress damming #Brexit Legal oppinion. There seems to be no limit to the lengths this lying PM will go to sell the country out. This is now way beyond chacanery.
NO IT DOES NOT! When will you realise that the majority of British citizens now want a #PeoplesVote and that you do not represent "the will of the people"?
Yep, and it’s called Brexit, caused to no small extent by you xenophobic preachings.
'Unleashed by Theresa May.. ' Not their proprietors and the rest of thr guys.. That's why she got the job - they were always going to dump it on the girlygurl who couldn't find unicorns.
Trump's Brexit comments aren't necessarily wrong, but they are unhelpful: US President…
Brexit remember Labour saying it wanted to stay in?
If u want to stop brexit u should vote lib dem at the next election if they win a GE then nobody could stop us 're entering the eu
Take your begging bowl to the EU CARTEL The Greens should LOVE #Brexit Less trade with EU CARTEL(allegedly!) We'll be buying local produce Not having car parts flitting back &amp; forth All flights stopped(allegedly!) Cuts down on supply chain carbon footprint! Great eh??
A genuinely sensible set of solutions in this report for addressing longstanding concerns about immigration by managing freedom of movement
what does this have to do with brexit ,what a stupid comment. This is horrible bullying that needs to be dealt with now!
HERE ARE MY CLASSIC ANTHEMS! SUPER NICE FOR HEADBANGING WITH THE CHAPS HEADING TO STANSTED. #anthems #brexit #wedding
Sure.Kennedy was a great Liberal Democrat and had Balance's support over Iraq. Behaviour of Sun was vile, but so was that of a few prominent LDs who failed to support him with later drink problem. Many very good Lib Dems these days. Would hope they are of calibre to be Kennedy.
This has nothing to do with Brexit and shouldn’t even be mentioned in the same breath. Three are just horrible little people with no more than 2 brain cells...Pure ignorance and stupidity. Don’t belittle this incident by mentioning Brexit.
Imagine believing Brexit would be bad for people. Imagine then saying you’d like your wee bit of the country could still be a member of the EU so that you could laugh at your former countrymen/ women who you believed would be worse off. What kind of human thinks that way?
From this priminister and then this jeremy Corbyns personal tea lady when the vote the hated chequers deal out of parliament for good to this as tes lady when they vote her out of ten downing street a vote of no confidence thats what to tea lady mark mr brexit
As #Brexit crunch time approaches there’s suddenly a massive uptick in Twitter handles ending in 8 random digits replying and retweeting discredited Brexiteer talking points. In unrelated news: Unemployment down in Russia. #SpotTheBot
brexit
Cranswick buys more UK pig farms as it prepares for Brexit
Middle England by Jonathan Coe review – Brexit comedy
How pathetic that you have to direct hatred to ordinary EU citizens who support each other due to the moral bankruptcy &amp; absence of any leadership from your Messiah. He will be held equally responsible for the chaos of Brexit as the Tories. Attacking #FBPE is very shallow.
Easy !
WTF is wrong with this guy. I genuinely believe that any Conservative Gvt, #Brexit, violence of any kind &amp; soldiers in parliament are all very, very bad. I wouldn't kill anyone over these things. War monger. Idiot. Embarassment.
Want to know why brexiteers are ridiculed, lack of understanding and zero attention to detail.
Does May really think that the Bank of England has credibility after its warnings about the referendum vote were wrong?
Personally I doubt I’m going to be off to work in an EU city after Brexit, but my daughter is about to start Uni and the idea that she won’t be able to study or work in the EU enraged me.
I can't wait for the no deal Brexit shortages. Especially running out of Pakis.
Blimey, I didn't expect her to seek asylum.
#FakeNews Her deal would kill off any chance of striking a free trade deal with the US in the future. Donald Trump was mainly stating the obvious. #Trump #Brexit #DitchTheDeal #StandUp4Brexit
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
It's not an election debate. It is quite clearly a deflection tactic by Theresa May. It's also not a Brexit debate as that has already happened. Whatever the reason, we should welcome May coming out of her bunker for once.
The debate would have little to do with #Brexit. It is about project-fear-Corbyn which could lure more Tories to rather vote for the deal. And it is also about #GE22.
Yes. Let’s have someone who can confirm (disastrous) WTO terms will apply.
Nope. #BrexitBetrayal
Of course you can point out issues. Who said you couldn't? It's a pity though you're not pointing out the gross mistakes the EU have made and that you're not addressing the democratic parameters of Brexit
Annoying part is the PM has been arguing like we already have an EU-UK FTA ready to sign! This A50 deal is only a withdrawal deal with 18 months EU extension costing £40bn. No guarantees of an EU-UK FTA after the 18 months!
We want #TezVsJez #GeneralElectionNow
Inside the Foreign Office gives me utmost confidence in Brexit GB. Takes a special type of politician to encourage such creation of the brain, but Boris has it in bucket loads. Such command of the brief and chucklesome turn of phrase. Gung-ho or go home!
She went to Cymru/Wales today. There was not one word about Wales in her bungled Brexit deal. That is good enough for me, and hopefully the people of Cymru/Wales
#HampsteadCoverUp I Believe The Children Told The Truth When They Thought It Was Safe #BBC #Justice #UKIP #Brexit #TommyRobinson #Infowars #UKColumn #Rashford #Ajax #MasterChefUK #NigelFarage #Lyon #LawSociety #UniversityChallenge
Except it doesn’t. It brings 4 more years of negotiations over a trade deal, and if we can’t agree one with the EU, then an arrangement which is worse than Norway! #FaxDemocracy
Deutsche Bank to move assets from London to Frankfurt after Brexit
We will see if that’s true.
The current #Brexit deal has ‘significant obstacles’ to the UK’s trade liberalization
Boris: Brexit debate must include Brexiteer
Jim Fairlie is right. SNP is just scaremongering about Brexit. The only issue I have with Jim Sillars is that he's prepared to vote 'No' if the SNP proposes EU membership. Jim Fairlie will only vote 'No' if EU membership is on the indyref2 ballot paper, which is highly unlikely.
UK can unilaterally reverse Brexit, EU's top court told - Reuters
Seriously?
I voted Leave cause at time was angry but I soon regretted my decision very shortly after due to reasons I can't discuss #StrongerTogether #EU #RemainerNow
Speaking in Belfast Theresa May has said that regulatory differences already exist between NI and UK, which have not challenged constitutional integrity.
Brexit latest: Theresa May says she’s staying after wave of resignations leaves her teetering on the brink
We need to consider the growth curve after the event compared to that beforehand. The curve for the financial crash seems to re-adopt the same slope (i.e parallel). I am assuming #Brexit diminishes the growth slope, so it's not parallel. Happy to be corrected...
BBC News - Theresa May's Brexit deal is doomed - Sir Michael Fallon
if only they did have the funding ... used to have a team of 43 is now 50 % less.... same number of children with special needs .... and we are pissing about and wasting OUR tax money on brexit !!! #DontBackTheBrexitDeal
The legal advice given to May is important. If she has lied about it, her position is untenable. We need to see it, particularly since it is contradicted by the Lords’ advice.
Please tell me you didn’t fall for the Brexit Dividend line!!?
Theresa May loyalist Michael Fallon savages her 'doomed' #Brexit deal
Pray do tell - what is the “proper Brexit”?
Yay! to herald the views of English Remainers too. #MayisMad.
We warned you Brexit would be a disaster. It is proving to be a disaster. When are you plannnig to admit that you made an utterly stupid decision?
Why would Trump need anyone to inspire him - it a lousy deal and a blind man with sunglasses on can see that.... except May of course.
That isn't a criticism of Brexit or those who voted leave btw it's just a by product of Brexit.
They did exist but Davis was lying when he said they didn't. He knew they demonstrated how bad Brexit would be so he tried to cover them up.
Brexit: Topps Tiles to begin stockpiling in preparation for UK’s EU departure
A direct question? Anything that can't be answered with "I have been very clear"? Dancing lessons?
May describes the negotiations over Brexit talks as immensely difficult ,but near of the endgame
"Is May’s Brexit Deal Dead in the Water?"
If Labour are to break the stalemate over Brexit they must back a new negotiation with the EU once in power and must not impose a people's vote. It may keep many remainers happy but democracy will be done for and Labour will suffer. They must see it through. #GTTO #brexit #lexit
The Irish border was always just a deliberate roadblock
May describes the negotiations over Brexit talks as immensely difficult ,but near of the endgame
Where are AG full legal advice, impact reports on options?
Thank you for supporting UK democracy Steve.
If you’re a Barrister in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a crisis for you. If you live in the East Midlands then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this calamity! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Really? For saying I hate Brexit, but still want to leave? I very rarely comment on twitter because people are so awful to each other esp about Brexit... thanks for confirming this again!
please tell us how ireland is part of the UK market post brexit? who are you trying to fool here?
I just demanded that the broadcasters promise fair representation in the TV Brexit debates. I think the public should hear from anti-Brexit voices as well as Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn. Add your name to 's petition:
The seismic shock of Brexit will change the UK’s politics for ever | Rafael Behr
Brexit Jeremy...brexit
'Brexit is an abomination, created by the rich'. So what on earth is the EU, then? Some altruistic, benevolent organisation, whose sole purpose is the betterment of European citizens? Pull the other one.
Brexit Britain
Brexit deal could cut UK economy by 5.5% - study
Here’s the utterly shameless message Labour’s ex-spin doctor sent to Theresa May..#TheresaMay..#Brexit..#AlastairCampbell
But she’s giving herself plenty of time and space arguing it! Need #PeoplesVote
Brexit: Theresa May denies ‘rolling over’ on deal
In any event the governments 16 page anti brexit leaflet at 9.3 million and the various remain campaigns fines suggests a level playing field and procedural fairness in terms of the campaigns funding.
This is Brexit clean according to the ERG:
Thread is interesting. Interesting in a "I don't wanna hear Theresa May talk about will of democracy ever again" kinda way.
This is #Brexit. This is what pushing #Brexit is doing to Britain. Is this really what you trained for?
Posted by Rev international
People of Britain. Just because the tells you #TheresaMay has done her best... and you may even feel sorry for her.. We aren't fawning parents hanging our child's shit pictures on the fridge.. Her deal just isn't good enough.. #DumpTheDeal #Brexit
BBC News - Brexit: Theresa May denies 'rolling over' on deal so May has spent 20 months 'negotiating' a deal she could have secured on day one
This this thisthisthisthisthisthisthisthis
Sickening. May betrays the UK again as Trump offered the UK a trade deal on a plate 4 months ago &amp; May turned it down!!!! Beyond belief May refused a deal with our ally &amp; world's biggest economy. May wants Brexit to fail &amp; trap us under EU rule. Treason
Th funniest thing ever was seeing Gove and Johnston after the brexit vote, like rabbits in the spotlight after their little tory leadership campaign resulted in a leave vote.
More fake news from mainstream journalists trying to influence Brexit
#Brexit: Arlene Foster says DUP can’t be ‘bribed’ to back Theresa May’s deal
Brexit Draft Withdrawal Agreement. “As a lawyer, I could not advise my client to sign this draft Withdrawal Agreement. As citizens, it should be our duty to inform our government of the same sentiment.”
Nicola Sturgeon responds to UK's draft #Brexit deal
Nicola Sturgeon responds to UK's draft #Brexit deal
Muslims in the UK are revolting &amp; taking to the streets to protest... Muslim Council of Britain are encouraging muslims to protest Brexit along with UAF, SUTR, &amp; Democracy for Brazil
Every MP knows that a vote for the WA is a vote to stop Brexit. Unfortunately, I think this is what most of them want, so it will probably work.
Please look at Brexit from our POV and when you do, please also remember that we get British papers over here (even the Mail) and that we can understand them. The portrayal of Europe and Europeans by British media, UKIP, parts of the conservatives created bitterness here.
There are already several borders between NI and Eire. Excise and fuel duty, VAT etc. We already have smuggling. Look at excise duty and VAT for example. People go from one side to the other to buy/sell things. Both sides already said they'd not try to stop it after Brexit.
Hi , I've just read your 'update', but I'm not sure I really understand where you stand on this. Can you clarify what the 'Brexit that I believe local people voted for' actually is?
So we have MPs suggesting violence fur their cause and an executive that is openly defying binding votes in parliament. Is UK still a democracy?
That would be "The impartial BBC " Remarkable.
Your Brexit model: - Spin globe - Close eyes - Stop globe with finger and country you land on is the name of the country you want to copy If you land in Northern Hemisphere add + If you land in Southern Hemisphere add - If you land on an ocean add Max
They’re going to vote against the Tories’ Brexit deal. Where have you been?
Worth the read folks.
Wow- Brexit happened because England wanted border control but then accepts UN’s migration policy ( a back door for migrants into England!). &amp; England refuse asylum to Pakistani woman-Not British. - England like the UN has been hijacked.
This is the kind of hate that Brexit has allowed to happen. A school kid who identifies as EDL openly attacking a Syrian refugee at his school and mock waterboarding him. Absolutely disgusting.
Guess who’s Royally screwed now?!!
Steve can you start talking about Brexit so she leaves me alone
#SouthAfrica: May’s efforts on Brexit
PM hits back at #Trump as she begins bid to sell #Brexit deal
The Norway option sounds like an attractive Brexit compromise. It's just politically unworkable at the moment (via )
We haven't left yet treacle.
but in order to do that #thelabourparty needs a #budget and cannot afford to sink 100b£ on a #brexit hole. We need to stay in the #EU single markt invest where Return can then pay to help the poorer people with jobs, needed benefits, housing etc.
The latest Correct Balance LLP Daily Digest! #brexit
Do something about Brexit bhoys
The so-called Labour 'moderates' do want brexit to happen..
So how can this be made available to us all?
using a 100 migrants to get a message across about our borders. Very nasty work afoot - as an e.g I bet more than a measly 100 came across unreported in the months previously. Crafty old
Yes, Donald Trump is talking perfect sense on May’s Brexit deal | Peter Mandelson | Opinion | The Guardian
As an Anglo-Australian living through the Brexit troubles, at least I can take solace in the fact that Australian politics are nice and stable.
Mike Harding tells what he thinks of her
Devs label Brexit 'a dire threat' to UK game industry in open letter
What.. Mark bloody 'Calamity' Carney again?.. nobody believes a word he says anymore!
uk moots does anyone know what's going on with brexit legislative wise ? are certain rights still protected by the eu? i don't know bc I think as part of brexit the eu supreme court no longer has jurisdiction
Labour to block People's Vote taking part in Brexit TV debate
Devs label Brexit 'a dire threat' to UK game industry in open letter
The latest A Level Government &amp; Politics! Thanks to #brexit #politics
... or hope the ECJ ruling goes in their favour and, after May's Deal crashes leading to a choice between No Deal and No Brexit, opt for No Brexit.
The funniest thing ever was seeing Gove and Johnston after the brexit vote, like rabbits in the spotlight after their little tory leadership campaign resulted in a leave vote. brexit
Just in time for them all to relocate to post Brexit UK. Cold and rainy but.
Brexit will succeed and chastise the EU for being so bloody minded
His donations to the tory party help to keep the likes of Esther McVay, then Amber Rudd as modern day scrooges in charge of the Department for Want and Poverty.
They are *certain* your deal is worse than what they had. This PR drive is awful
ALL SYSTEMS GOVE. Michael Gove to be unleashed as May’s ‘secret weapon’ to sell Brexit deal to Tory MPs. Which should be not at all polarising for the rest of the country, I’m sure.
Bobby Gould wasn't out of his depth quite as much as is
Why do we have to except this Brexit shambles, when it's all been down to Tory infighting, it's the vunrable who suffer the most.
Wouldn`t it be better to urge her to bin Brexit?
Must read - Theresa May's lies on her Brexit deal.
Jacob Rees-Mogg: "Theresa May's Brexit argument is childish" | Julia Har... via
Video: Socialist MP speaks against Brexit deal in Irish parliament
Glad to hear it! #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote #Brexit
what are you hiding #democracy died in June 2017 #DUPbribe
But what if Brexit fails anyway, and you’ve joined The Great Illuminati Brotherhood and become famous, rich and powerful for nothing?
Theresa May hits back at Donald Trump as she begins bid to sell Brexit deal #theresamay
Fresh row looms as No 10 refuses to publish full Brexit legal advice
#anime #brexit #pedogate Only Jesus Christ can help you. Turn to Him! He is the good Sheppard who died for us, while we were still hating Him. He rose again on the third day. HE IS THE ONLY LIVING GOD THERE IS. RESEARCH IT!
Anyone else watching BBC Parliament right now? Brexit? Javid totally reassuring and with a hard stance: Quisas.
Of course. If there's anything more important than what's going down with Brexit, let me know. Unless it's Greggs has shut. Which would break my heart.
Did you see our summer Brexitometer 420 respondents 70% wanted a People's Vote, that's moved to 74% in Oct. ours was open to all passerbys and no leading. But why second guess let's hold an actual vote? Maj of respondents not happy with how you're representing them on #Brexit
over to you and the other labour mps who will do the right thing and vote to revoke brexit tx
Jesus voted leave? Watch a VICAR on Newsnight put her faith in Tory Brexit and ending EU immigration...#Tories..#Brexit
The same is true for discussions only focused on “what does Britain want?”, “what’s best for Britain?” and “which bone can we throw to people who voted Brexit because they don’t like brown people?”
Let me translate: "Ive spoken to no one, my MP's and MSP's when talking to business owners run and hide at the mention of brexit" You are lying scum, brexit is a nightmare and no business I know supports it.
Inside the Foreign Office gives me utmost confidence in Brexit GB. Takes a special type of politician to encourage such creation of the brain, but Boris has it in bucket loads. Such command of the brief and chucklesome turn of phrase. Gung-ho or go home!
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Nothing to do with brexit at all. Things were far worse than that when I was growing up in the 70’s and 80’s with gangs of skins terrorising anyone who had a slightly darker shade than a pint of milk
"Schizophrenic"? Boy, do you ever argue without insult? Thanks a lot in advance. The Brexit-Vote has taken place. And british governement has to deal with it. Unfortunatelly, german people do not have any choice of voting in these terms. Savvy?
Theresa May's Brexit deal likely to be voted down in Parliament. Parliament voted against the spirit of referendum to give themselves a vote, and they're going to vote against it. Can you imagine another job where you in effect do nothing for two years and still get paid? #Brexit
my vision of a post Brexit Britain is one without cheese
They should have got their derrière in gear straight after the BREXIT vote.
PM May: "Lolz, just kidding. Now about that Brexit, let me show you the deal *I* got from Brussells!"
The UK’s application to the World Trade Organisation (#WTO) makes progress. An Agreement in principle has been reached. Which is unlike Mrs May’s dire deal with its EU Political Declaration for #Brexit that has no mention of a Trade Agreement in principle.
This is for the following reasons: - Corbyn position is similar to May’s - May knows she can match or possibly beat Corbyn in debate - May knows Corbyn won’t cause issues by bringing up People’s Vote - May knows Sturgeon and Lucas in particular would wipe the floor with her
You are, of course, correct. Unfortunately stopping #Brexit by passing the Withdrawal Agreement is actually worse than remaining in the EU (which I really don't want) as we have to take rules without even the fig-leaf of representatives in the European Parliament.
Exactly honey, Brexit is giving Nicola an opportunity to stir up resentment with her supporters, it has nothing to do with her desire to stay in the EU, all to do with her desire for independence!
Whereas you have revealed yourself to be a failure as an independent country; as you cannot even decide what you want; as you have elected politicians who cannot even reach a conclusion on or organise #Brexit; you had better stay and be absorbed into the coming panEuropean state.
Interesting. #Berwick could, indeed, be the new Calais after #Brexit
I just demanded that the broadcasters promise fair representation in the TV Brexit debates. I think the public should hear from anti-Brexit voices as well as Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn. Add your name to 's petition:
Any particular reason why you aren't running this story? The one where the PM is deliberately hiding legal guidance from MPs before the biggest vote in decades?
'Brexit my arse' is my contribution to the noun/verb switchover trend.
People are bored with mistakes, not Brexit via
What do they have to hide?
Oh bollocks , a racist party just became more openly racist. You blather on about the Middle East but on Brexit you’re another right wing goon. Total arsehole mate, off you go.
Go with Mays deal and you will all lose your jobs no doubt about that
Jeez what a choice! #BrexitShambles
Far cheaper and more entertaining:
Hmmm and here was me thinking we were working forward for this country, not just Brexit. Peoples’ opinions on how that do differ; an ally doesn’t stir up trouble in their nation.
AIRLINE NEWS: U.K. Airlines Say Brexit Uncertainty Starting to Hurt Bookings – Bloomberg -
Brexiteer's STARK WARNING: ‘Mismanaged’ Brexit deal sets DANGEROUS 'PRECEDENT for future’
If Indy Scotland rejoins the EU it will be in the same position as Ireland. I don't see trade with Ireland being threatened, rather it's being protected. I don't see Ireland getting threatened/pushed around during Brexit negotiations. Let's be like Ireland
UKIP, a party that ran campaigns of racism and Islamophobia during the #Brexit debate, got a majority of votes for Brexit and they appealed to the right. #DontBeAFartBag #SayThatAgainButSlower
the grandfather screamin' green columbines w green trumpet possible. brexit
It must be awful for people who liked him. Hopefully he sees how wrong he was. How the whole of UK is living in fear and uncertainty. Had he not interfered and Scotland chose independence. England wouldn't have had Brexit
Please can somebody RT Jo’s tweet to my MP, Tory chief whip, ? He blocked me a long time ago so I’m not sure what his stance on Brexit is.
You not listening to common folk, the ones that vote for your part - but not anymore! Your only listening to businesses - they aren’t interested in the UK, they’re only interested in their businesses and how much profit they will make. You haven’t delivered a real Brexit
May sells her Brexit deal to Welsh farmers From
Diane Abbott being clueless as ever, nothing to do with Brexit, she’s said police should pretty much let scum who’ve robbed, assaulted and worse, escape on mopeds without police being allowed to forcibly stop them. Wonder if she’d think the same if it happened to her?
how is this not unlawful? an expedited judicial review should be sought at the high court.
Corrupt as fuck, #GeneralElectionNow
See this about the “technological solution” Evidence of the Car Industry not doing well, bar your sister anecdotes please. It’s not just the car industry but Food as well. And we are already filling up food storage.
Does she need the Airmiles?
Tory NUTTERS #JC4PM NOW
"Devs label Brexit 'a dire threat' to UK game industry in open letter" by via Gamasutra News
The Brexit debate has brought out such toxicity and vitriol, and then of course I can't help but think of Jo Cox. Would I feel safe canvassing in a Remain t-shirt? Probably not.
selective media giving a jaundiced view of your worthless policy on #Brexit. Shame on you for this.
Is Brexit effecting the UK property market? Find how it could be effecting you below! Link here: Via:
The fact you're saying this proves you just don't know what you're talking about. You're categorically wrong. Labour's proposals are effectively remaining. Far from a hard bReXiT party for god's sake. Labour want to remain in single market which means keeping FoM. Fact.
Name of the wee man, like a Vegetarian going into a Steakhouse... May heads to Scotland as Brexit deal founders in Westminster
Devs label Brexit 'a dire threat' to UK game industry in open letter
'I feel sorry for her': Newry reacts as May begins Brexit PR drive
Labour argues for article 50 extension if Brexit deal voted down
“call me if those farmers beat Man City again”...”our league is so superior” #brexit
Corbyn a lifelong Bennite Eurosceptic. He's just playing ambiguous games with the electorate. He'd be happy with Brexit that the Tories get blamed for
The majority of people demand a peoples vote ... brexit is a disaster for Britain.
In that case I find all Corbyn worshippers irrelevant to Brexit!
Is this on top of the 3m job losses and ww3 that we saw from the brexit vote?
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Brexit has a lot to answer for doesn’t it. Poor cunt flees a war zone only to have his life made hell by bullies who don’t even understand why they’ve been told to hate him. Find these cunts and give them a taste of their own medicine.
Trump is right, must ditch Theresa May The Conservative and Unionist party MUST stand up for our United Kingdom and not the EU
Brexit means Brexit old cunt
The ERG are one of the worst groups in all of this. Eton wankers giving it large on the sidelines but scarper when things actually get hairy.
The #BrexitChaos will have a major impact on all 4 UK Health Services, especially as it threatens to drive away our EU colleagues and worsen workforce pressures.
The idea becomes marginally less shit...
Statement should read "I listened to farmers,........but they're all wrong. I'm right. So I shall keep repeating what the EU told me to say. The Brexit deal...."
Noite we are talking..!!
Agree it’s a crap deal, every Brexit deal will be worse than remaining. Who will be better off after Brexit, your constituents or the wealthy middle aged Tories in suits? Will there be more or less food banks after Brexit? As a resident of A-U-L, I hope u support
UK carmakers warn no-deal Brexit would be ‘catastrophic’
Farewell tour.
How will we know? We haven't got a government that is implementing our decision. We have a largely REMAIN Parliament turning BrExit into a disaster because a minority refuses to accept a majority decision.
That’s quite an hysterical response. Nevertheless, my point is that the original tweet says ‘these two Brexit supporting leavers’. This is incorrect. They both, as a matter of fact, voted to remain in the EU.
Taking back control...
Trump weakens May's hand, says UK maybe can not trade with us
Who IS this long nose woman on this show that do not listen to facts that has been given to her from Iain Dale. Shame her ears are not as big as that nose.
Fucking idiots! Is this what Brexit is doing to the generation people for 'Leave' for??? Well done!!! You've just bred more xenophobes and wankers!!!
Perhaps you haven’t heard talk about her views on #Brexit? She’s absolutely clear she would prefer the UK to stay in the EU. Oh...and despite the PM’s endless efforts to tell us otherwise is a national party...for Scotland
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
#May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
If Gove is the Government’s best chance at getting through May’s deal, she is going to be sorely disappointed lol
I just demanded that the broadcasters promise fair representation in the TV Brexit debates. I think the public should hear from anti-Brexit voices as well as Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn. Add your name to 's petition:
Good. I never doubted it Jeff
In post brexit world, hopefully we can shoot them. Knocking them off their little bikes is too timid
ARE YOU REALLY LISTENING - Why are you so intent on destroying the UK - The population DO NOT want ties with the EU - They hate us &amp; we hate them - just accept it . Please show you do listen to us plebs &amp; at least acknowledge this.
Will May get her Brexit deal through Parliament? #bcforums
I saw this, coburn let her off the hook by closing it down and moved on.
Jesus voted leave? Watch a VICAR on Newsnight put her faith in Tory Brexit and ending EU immigration. By
Brexit means overturned
If sturgeon is in it you may as well put batten in it
I know, the missus has her own stockpile of strawberry cornetto's that I am not allowed so she's alright. Think she's getting ready for Brexit. We now have 17 freezers and no money to run them all. Or anywhere to sleep. All full of em.
Yes, Donald Trump is talking perfect sense on May’s Brexit deal
Good to see these tories stand up for a free independent and sovereign Britain and not back Mays appalling surrender to the eu that is an utter insult to our democracy.
May: #Brexit deal to allow trade ties with any country
Be that as it may, I’m worried for Jeremy and his chances of winning an election. You need to advice him to come out stronger and clearer than he’s been regarding Brexit. His lukewarm approach to everything isn’t working!!
In the U.K., #Brexit and late #payments have zapped #smallbusiness confidence:
'Norway-plus' Brexit option gaining ground, says Nicola Sturgeon
Brexit returns democracy to the people. Remain on the other hand
Every major investment bank is moving business to Europe to service European clients. Jobs, investment and tax revenue all leaving the City as part of their Brexit strategy
“Not as good as Remain.” Why punish the #NHS and its patients? #NoBrexit
Exactly. Of course, the frustration is understandable. We weren't questioning or criticising that. But perhaps it should also be remembered that certain countries are the obstacle to addressing a much more existential challenge to the EU than Brexit. :)
If the “Establishment” had a history of ever calling it right, things might be different. But they don’t, so it isn’t. #Standup4brexit
UK's youngest Brexit voter has died aged seventy three - The Rochdale Herald
hear hear
When you miss an absolute sitter you do. Lukaku would have got twatted for that. Stick to Brexit.
British trade minister Liam Fox to visit Israel to push post-Brexit trade
To unite UK May has to offer public 3 way vote. May deal, No deal or Stay in EU. Public started Brexit so they have to vote on the final deal. Public will then take responsibility for the result. If leavers or remainers are confident in their argument a deal vote isn’t an issue.
“Lead us don’t leave us” - mind that shite!?
Theresa May Rebukes Donald Trump As She Bids To Sell Brexit Deal
No horse in this Brexit
The Bank of England will announce on Wednesday the strength of the UK's biggest lenders ahead of Brexit. The Bank of England devises hypothetical scenarios for the economy, house prices and interest rates,...
Brexit news is rather hot on the papers these days whilst it’s tough love for dele Alli #tuesday #tuesdaymotivation #fire #portrait #night #photogram #newspaper #portraitphotography…
I agree with you it’s disgusting but by using the word BREXIT you are asking for trouble. Nothing to do with Brexit so why mention it
I predicted this immediately after Brexit.
Be in no doubt: this is a full-scale assault on #democracy by May &amp; her Cabinet
May embarks on #Brexit roadshow
No. You have to wait until 2022. But we might have a new PM, who will be doing the hard Brexit.
Liam, give it up. You’re almost obsolete, what with Brexit almost cancelled
I’m late to the party but here’s a brilliant summary of the Brexit mess from
...or we just shrug our shoulders, stop this nonsense, and hurtle away from the abyss at warp speed | #StopBrexit
What else would we have expected. Its time to join the ; Jeremy isn’t interested in hearing the views of those who demand a . Vote with your ballot papers in May 2019 and beyond. Join here
Yet after 2 years Boris you have no proposal on the table? You are good at speeches but your poor intellect has let you down when it comes to the details of how to best Brexit :)
Not just talented at cycling - nice one Zoe :-)
im pretty sure we are involved in article 13 regardless of brexit :/
I want to be there!
Labour for #lexit
It’s like he’s never heard of the . Oh well!
Project fear is back folks.
May embarks on Brexit roadshow
Which Bank of England CEO would you believe &amp; trust, Carney or King, Which one made the right decisions in the 2007 crash.
Important if you care about Trump/Russia/Brexit, by &amp; .
We’ve heard it all before - they lost all credibility after project fear phase 1.
Brexit: Theresa May denies 'rolling over' on deal
Still saying he will do his brexit
You don't have to ignore it. You should acknowledge the issues. You've tried Brexit, but this Brexit doesn't fix the issues. In fact, if anything, this Brexit DOES ignore the fact that the referendum happened. Lead and say we fix these problems from within, not by running away.
Brexit is like watching a train wreck in slow motion. #brexit #eu
Not easy to refute? So you won’t try? You’ll not like Brexit then, it involves quite a lot of work.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
AND THUS THIS IS FAKE NEWS &amp; NOT A CREDIBLE SOURCE!! IF THE US &amp; RUSSIA BECOME FRIENDS, PUTIN CAN CRIMEA THE WHOLE UKRAINE, AND THE UK, AND MOST OF THE EU!! ONE AT A TIME!! ISRAEL COULD BE NEXT...SO THE BRITS DO NOT LIKE THIS..YET ITS COMING WHEN THEY ISOLATE THEMSELVES! #Brexit!
Am I the only person who thinks British government and British Parliament and everyone who has had anything to do with this is a total waste of space? They should all resign! Every last one of them, and Treasury and civil servants. And we'll have the air miles back too! #Brexit
Who cares where you’ve been? Here’s hoping your disgraceful #BrexitAgreement is voted down in the Commons. #BrexitBetrayal #BrexitMeansBrexit #LeaveMeansLeave #Brexit #MayMustGo
#Brexit and data protection - what's new now? #GDPR #privacy
Great this gut was a smooth talking liar and a git. Great to see that the real people know he is a fraud.
#UK automotive firms warn of no-deal #Brexit catastrophe
Immigration plans might not be published before Brexit vote, says Javid
welcome to brexit britain. that poor, poor kid. i hope there is redress for his, and the syrian kid has many many positive experiences to outweigh these negative ones.
I cant believe the amount of replies that dont say that and simply point out its got nothing to do with brexit. READ THE REPLIES. IDIOT
Newry of all places. Nothing to do with fish quotas, oh no ..
Click on the link below to hear about the latest news on #Brexit!
You can call it what you like, I've nearly always voted Labour, coming from south Wales my father was a coal miner, Corbyn is and always has been an irritant protester, brexit will hurt the very people you say need protection, but Corbyn persists in wanting it
Very
I’ve long suspected that a Deal, any Deal, will be supported by the majority. Too disengaged and not interested in the minutiae. Brexit means Brexit and all that...
You think you should be on the TV debate because you have an ego as overinflated as your body. People are literally laughing AT you, not with you. Your career is a dodo.
Well, she's well-known to be scared of debating but Nicola Sturgeon's focus should be on Scottish independence, not Brexit. Perhaps she should debate both May and Corbyn on that.
Has had ANY help, assistance, support or unification behind her throughout this Brexit malarkey?
Smalling and Jones = Brexit
This is #Brexit. This is partly YOUR fault. Is this really what you all trained as journalists for?
Scotland's economy faces £9 billion hit under Theresa May's #Brexit deal
But the data doesn't factor in trade deals which will exist post Brexit so how can the "predictions" be accurate? How many economic predictions are accurate? Can the use of gravity models in the 21st Century when our largest export market is the US possibly be acceptable?
How many Roubles has Putin promised you, or are you just a useful idiot?
Are "The Gang of Five", "The Pizza Club", "Ultra-Loyalists", "Born-again Brexiters" and "Loyal for Now": a. Youth gangs, b. Boy bands, c. Religious New Age cults? They're none of the above. They're just factions within the UK government...
Again that sums up Brexiters - taking the p*ss is what got us into this massive Brexit mess and is going to cost us £bns and many jobs. Not least in the music industry. Warped sense of humour.
Sure rob. Out and out racism hasn’t become worse since Brexit. Not at all. Not backed up by numbers at all.
Fresh row looms as No 10 refuses to publish full Brexit legal advice
What is Sturgeon's plan? How many plans are there now? I've heard of Scrap it and remain Hard brexit May's deal May's deal with no tie in to backstop Whatever Corbyn wants (anyone know?) Oh, and a people's vote on all or some or none of these. Have I understood correctly?
Goodness me, you mean, no surely not, it can’t be, another politician lies about Brexit? Oh well, let’s just get out shall we? No Deal no problem.
May embarks on Brexit roadshow via
There should be no debates as everyone should be too busy preparing for No Deal Brexit.
everybody in the world is free to comment about the UK-EU brexit deal ...as the world is looking at this situation...&amp; issue...
What has this got to do with Brexit Georgie?
I really liked it too. I love the strings and just that it’s so dramatic and big. Yeah, I’m okay. Well, as okay as you can be living through Brexit. How are you?
If virtually all economic forecasts are for a no deal is going to be hardships financially for the middle and working class let’s not do that Brexit . Our devalued currency has stealthily cost us thousands of pounds already ! If it falls much more we’ll be paying £2L fuel
Has the #brexitdeal brought certainty to you? Yes, Prime Minister. Now we’re certain we’re fucked.
Yes, they both promised Brexit.
May sells her #Brexit deal to Welsh farmers
Chris Davies is lying. Every MP knows that a vote for the WA is a vote to stop Brexit. That's what he really wants.
Alun THE CUNT Cairns. Hate the bloke with a passion. #BlockedbyAlun
$GBPUSD lower as expectations remain high PM May will lose crunch vote on Dec 11th #forex #Brexit #FX
‘SNOWFLAKE’ Owen Jones also calls for MASSIVE protest against Tommy Robinson Brexit March! - this is incitement, it will suit them to have the Antifa foot-soldiers cause trouble &amp; we know who’ll get the blame via
Events like this provide critical support to help steer us through #BrexitChaos Make the time.
This is NOT a #Brexit deal. This is a Heads of Agreement, a framework upon which a multitude of deals may, or may not, be achieved. Unfortunately, it places the EU on the front foot moving forward and, by constantly glossing over this, you reveal yourself as unfit to be UK PM.
The fact is that Brexit is a far greater threat to us than any of the arguments about what might happen to GB (I'm in NI). Whatever you stand to lose, we stand to lose our peace, so whether the UK ends with Remain or Brexit that border is the most important consideration by far.
Theresa May's #Brexit deal.
Being signed by UK on11 Dec. In Morocco. Wonder if it will get much airplay here, given Brexit vote. Coincidence?
To unite UK May has to offer public 3 way vote. May deal, No deal or Stay in EU. Public started Brexit so they have to vote on the final deal. Public will then take responsibility for the result. If leavers or remainers are confident in their argument a deal vote isn’t an issue.
This response to Theresa May’s letter has gone viral
Continental European nations are not perfect either of course, but at least we haven’t voted for economic self harm on a Brexit scale. We have other issues instead (like self imposed austerity, but you know what THAT feels like...).
At 10 : +migrants +Brexit +trade +bus +Facebook +drugs +climate +Macron +footy +Trumpington driving #BBCNewsTen
Schaeffler has had another big profits warning, their margins have been falling for years and they are accelerating their group-wide ‘efficiency programme’. Waaaaaaah Brexit.
You’re not listening to ‘ordinary folk’, the ones whom voted for you - but not anymore! Your only listening to businesses - they aren’t interested in the UK, they’re only interested in their businesses and how much profit they will make. You haven’t delivered a true Brexit.
Off the scale levels of corruption now routine for this Government.
Caroline Lucas is the representative that this debate deserves, if it's to be taken seriously.
#Brexit: ‘Politically illiterate’ to expect Sinn Fein MPs to save May deal, says Mary Lou
Even The Martians are against Teresa May....
Devs label Brexit 'a dire threat' to UK game industry in open letter
Latest: Is May’s Brexit Deal Dead in the Water?
To unite UK May has to offer public 3 way vote. May deal, No deal or Stay in EU. Public started Brexit so they have to vote on the final deal. Public will then take responsibility for the result. If leavers or remainers are confident in their argument a deal vote isn’t an issue.
DT Rupa Huq MP: RT Jack Maidment: BREAK: Downing Street will not publish full Brexit legal advice, will only give MPs "full, reasoned position statement" ahe…
Theresa May dismisses Trump condemnation of her deal, as MPs warned over stockpiling crisis
Another report about that. Just appalling.
The DUP do not care for the people nor do they have any alternative ideas for brexit. Their only care is power. is a very dissapointing politician as I once thought she would provide an alternative to the Gregory/Sammy et al bigotry. She hasn't.
heads to #Scotland as #Brexit deal founders in #Westminster
They won't let a Scot, unless it's a Scottish Tory (Red or Blue), into the debate on Brexit, we'd tell it as it really is and not as the Wastemonster machine wants to portray it.
He isn't. His #Brexit with the bonus of blaming the Tories is so close he can taste it. Nothing will be allowed to risk it. #SacktheBrexitDeal #PeoplesVote
Exactly. I've little doubt that if enables #Brexit to happen in any way, shape or form, the majority of the membership who have clearly stated that they don't want #Brexit and want a #PeoplesVote - they'll turn on #Corbyn and he'll be deselected. #FBPE #FinalSay
To unite UK May has to offer public 3 way vote. May deal, No deal or Stay in EU. Public started Brexit so they have to vote on the final deal. Public will then take responsibility for the result. If leavers or remainers are confident in their argument a deal vote isn’t an issue.
““We have made contingency plans for all eventualities,” Tigger insisted. So what were the contingencies for a Norway-style Brexit? “I don’t make contingencies for hypotheticals.””
#Brexit you hear government say there is a so many billion pounds contingency for UK business during brexit. Which is great. But I wonder how much money has been set aside for food banks or the homeless this winter. Brexit is important but then aren't they ?
Poor interpretation. No way Ms Sturgeon wants another #indyref in reality, but she has to make the noises to placate the zoomers. I'd say is cynically using weak #SNP unpopular posturing as an excuse to support #May's dud deal
Not an issue, we're all used to remainer lies and #ProjectFear . Can't believe she's so stupid she doesn't get it !!!
I read the whole transcript. Labour could stop Brexit, right now, if Corbyn came out unequivocally for a People's Vote. There is a majority in the HoC for it, a majority in the country, and a massive majority among Labour members (of which I am still one, btw... just)
Since we're all gonna go, may as well go with this virus. A fine &amp; worthy response from a fine &amp; upstanding yeoman of England.
[Gamasutra] Devs label Brexit 'a dire threat' to UK game industry in open letter
No longer news but love hearing this again... and again... #StopBrexit #SteveBrayForPM
Exactly honey. Brexit is giving Nicola the opportunity to stir up resentment amongst her supporters, nothing to do with her desire to stay in the EU, all to do with her desire for independence!
The prospect of a ‘debate’ between two Brexiters without any representation of those who voted to Remain is a bit like being offered the choice of being repeatedly punched in the face or kicked in the bollocks...
Isn't it deja vu?
Im not defending her at all. I think she is pretty awful but the manifesto she stood on didn't say labour would stop Brexit.
I liked a video Brexit: A Titanic Disaster | Comedy Central
gosh, i love ya.
Hahahaha hahahaha...shes behind you , oh no she isn't!!!!! #DissolveTheUnion
Very interesting (if depressing) evening with , , , and others on the link between Russia, the Trump campaign and Brexit.
I’m referring to the ideology of being so anti EU that you’re willing to crash out whatever the effect it has on the economy and subsequently the lives of everyone. The ideology that any compromise is a failure. Voting for Brexit doesn’t always mean you want cliff edge no deal.
What does a 'proper' Brexit entail then Julia? Please enlighten everybody...
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
If you're in possession of expert knowledge, do you (in the present day expect) your contribution to a debate on social media to be appreciated and acknowledged? Or for your correction to be baselessly rejected and ignorance to continue? #Brexit
What is the point of watching these two clowns going head to head?
UK citizens are entitled to vote for an array of different parties and leaders to represent them in their Parliaments. To exclude some of these leaders from a debate on an issue of crucial importance for the whole kingdom is arbitrary and disregards the needs and opinions of many
What’s clear from the BBC documentary “Inside the Foreign Office” is we haven’t been leveraging our place in the EU where we can offer access to the SM and 500m people. How can our politicians be trusted with independent free trade agreements? #brexit
Then we would have a real Brexit but it’s not even that it’s the fact she’s so devoid of an agenda and vision she’d be better suited temperamentally to being a civil servant!
To unite UK May has to offer public 3 way vote. May deal, No deal or Stay in EU. Public started Brexit so they have to vote on the final deal. Public will then take responsibility for the result. If leavers or remainers are confident in their argument a deal vote isn’t an issue.
Is that so.....
It also acknowledged that this would have to funded out of those falling revenues, which would likely fall after Brexit, and that leaving without a deal would have such a serious effect that these commitments would need to be revisited.
No. Now we know that a satisfactory brexit deal cannot be achieved the only options left - no deal vs remain - should be put to the people. If no deal wins so be it. I won't be happy but I'll accept it.
Never heard of any enthusiasm from the Japanese Gov’t/ Business circle tho? Are they keen?
I see you’ve moved on from hot gravel. Good plan, soup’s cheaper. #Brexit
#Brexit is a fraud on the UK because the referendum was not conducted lawfully. We know this; fines have been issued and the National Crime Agency is investigating further. #BuggerBrexit
BBC News - Brexit: Theresa May denies 'rolling over' on deal Of course she did not roll over .. this whole charade was planned, scripted, choreographed and executed by the representative Civil Servants of the EU and the UK. All she had to do was simply what she was told to
The survey also revealed that all constituencies now back the public having a final say on the Prime Minister's Brexit deal.
overturning brexit would be anti democratic unless there is a general election which gives an eu supporting party a majority
*Today* Theresa May visited remainers! #Brexit #WithdrawalAgreement #LeaveMeansLeave
Actually, any brexit closes off our global opportunities. #remain
I think I’m pro brexit now tbh
Well that’s that sorted then, our future prosperity affirmed by a montage. #BrexitChaos
A Brexit trade view from a US Perspective! Trump's Brexit comments aren't necessarily wrong, but they are unhelpful
And what is this xenophobia got to do with Scottish nationalism, we want to end a political union that's holding us back stopping us from creating a strong independent country keeping us chained tae the westmonster, like brexit but without the ukip tory/dup separatists agenda,
Dunno but I like the post #Brexit NHS theme you’re going for.
When Western nations are so enthusiastically voluntarily stupid, who can blame Putin for taking full advantage? 27-11-2018: '...Countering Russian ambitions, which depends on a solid phalanx of major...
Good news, as I'm sure , , , will agree.
Very useful overview. Perhaps a more explicit objective should be the protection of FoM rights of UK citizens in the other EEA countries (including the EU27) which is now, and very belatedly, getting some attention. Probably a key element for remainer support of an EEA brexit?
To unite UK May has to offer public 3 way vote. May deal, No deal or Stay in EU. Public started Brexit so they have to vote on the final deal. Public will then take responsibility for the result. If leavers or remainers are confident in their argument a deal vote isn’t an issue.
why are you trying to not have on a Brexit debate? Is too scared of being shown up by a strong and stable leader?
Gig economy union throws weight behind fresh referendum on Theresa May's Brexit plans
'People were sold a lie': Ruthin restless over May's Brexit deal
please vote this deal down and support a real Brexit. It will ensure your journey as an MP will continue as you are doing a great job 4 Copeland
Also, joins me in the studio to break down what happened during today's debates between and #gapol
There is no justifiable reason for brexit and we have been mislead before, during and after the referendum. We have serious issues in the country and this side show does nothing but damage our country further. Reform and issue resolution comes from within the EU, not outside.
The Twitter volume is turning up on backing deal. How much time and money you spending trying to sell our PMs awful deal? Why don’t you listen to the people when we say we don’t want what you are selling!! Or, waste your time posting more. No Deal Brexit thank you!
Big mouth for a back bench non entity
To unite UK May has to offer public 3 way vote. May deal, No deal or Stay in EU. Public started Brexit so they have to vote on the final deal. Public will then take responsibility for the result. If leavers or remainers are confident in their argument a deal vote isn’t an issue.
“but this epitomises the nasty shitty racist underbelly of our nation that’s come to the surface x100 since Brexit” so what part of this isn’t associating Brexit with the video. Ps. I never voted either way
true brexit i.e. no deal is stupidity, no government will ever vote for that #brexit
I'm one of the 1.4m, . Not only that, I run a business in Estonia, and there is no advice available on what contingency planning I need to do in order to keep it going in a no-deal situation.
Devs label Brexit 'a dire threat' to UK game industry in open letter
Erm who exactly is in charge of the UK? If #TheresaMay simply ignores Parliament, then what's the point of it? Fresh row looms as No 10 refuses to publish full Brexit legal advice
Can someone please expose this scum bag born as a Piece of shit Expose what a cowardly piece of shit and he simply needs to be cut off from society ignored. What school is this. Where is the so-called police. This is #British #Brexit for you from
And Norway pays for access without the say in the process....
Peak "The Day Today" made real
Bungling . Not a details guy. #peoplesvote #remain #Shambles #brexit #BrexitAgreement #ChampionsLeague #SpongeBob #BackBritainNotBrexit
More fake news from mainstream journalists trying to influence Brexit via
Brexit day is upon us We are all doomed
'I believe historians will one day look back on the Labour party under you, Mr Corbyn, and ask a simple question: why did you sit on the fence (on Brexit) right from the start?'
She couldn’t sell drugs on Breck Rd
You have feel this is what Michael Scott would be like if he got into politics, expect Michael Scott has charm, is likeable and is a good person!! #Brexit #BorisJohnson
Immigration plans might not be published before Brexit vote, says Javid &lt;&lt; Nothing to see here.
I haven't had a copy of the document posted to me. But the Right Honerable Members of Parliament don't want it, but I do not trust the RH "Members" to do right by our country either as they are all out to look after themselves. One things certain the working class will pay for it
To unite UK May has to offer public 3 way vote. May deal, No deal or Stay in EU. Public started Brexit so they have to vote on the final deal. Public will then take responsibility for the result. If leavers or remainers are confident in their argument a deal vote isn’t an issue.
What a pointless article. It ain’t getting through. However, if by some miracle it does, our elected officials will categorically be worse liars than even we - the absolute pinnacle of cynical - could ever have believed.
There is no major political party which a reasonable Brexiteer could support. Con betrayed Brexit. UKIP have turned into an anti-Islam vehicle. Lab/LD don't believe in Brexit. Perhaps in time a minor party will grow into something reasonable. Until then, we've been abandoned.
Who is running the country while all of this Brexit shenanigans is going on ? Feels like everything else is being pissed up against the wall while we spend umpteen millions of pounds fixing something that wasn't even broken ? #GTTO
Ozzy Osborne doesn't know what Brexit is.
#Brexit: British youth lobby MPs for #SecondReferendum
An absolutely disgusting comment by politicians have a lot too answer for committing good men and women to war off the back of flawed information and lies. MEP’s will be a thing of the past when Brexit kicks in so enjoy it while you can
Why does this need demanding? The Commons already passed a motion that this must be given to mps, it's not for the government to ignore Parliament. #Brexit - don't #BackTheBrexitDeal
“False” is an interesting choice of words. What about all the False information used in the Brexit campaign?
This buffoon ran the UK’s foreign policy for 2 years. And we wonder why the rest of the EU thinks we’ve lost the plot.... #BrexitChaos #PeoplesVote #Brexit
'Brits aren’t STUPID!' Brexiteer brilliantly DISMANTLES no-deal Brexit scare stories
Every tariff we have must be the same as or higher than the EU's tariff for the foreseeable future, so what trade deals can we actually do?
thank you for the hell that is Brexit Britain. You are all a total disgrace let’s all call that school tomorrow
#Fashion #Management #Brexit How to prepare for Brexit: Get on a plane &amp; start selling abroad:
Anybody know where this cretin lives?
post #Brexit We need efficient and reliable transport. The operator needs to fear the customers representative or in your language "the rail regulator". #finethem
I see May is doing what May does best...
I’m not keen the idea of us running out of the chemicals we need in order to have clean drinking water. But I do like the thought of Dan Hannan, post Brexit, tweeting a video of himself going to the coast and drinking gallons of untreated sea water.
Labour demands Theresa May publishes all government Brexit legal advice in full
As Donald Dewar used to say .... oh dearie dearie me.
May heads to Scotland as Brexit deal founders in Westminster
Interesting numbers! Will the EU provide what they want? #brexit
‘Worst Deal in History’: Farage Launches New Brexit Rebellion
To unite UK May has to offer public 3 way vote. May deal, No deal or Stay in EU. Public started Brexit so they have to vote on the final deal. Public will then take responsibility for the result. If leavers or remainers are confident in their argument a deal vote isn’t an issue.
So called Brexit will go down as one of the greatest crimes ever comitted in Europe. Has the eminently sound considered taking May to the International Criminal Court?
Labour accuses government of defying will of Commons by not releasing full Brexit legal advice ( - )
Classic Brexit I said decent biscuits Theresa or no fucking deal'
The Brexit Hour | How can it be undemocratic to ask people to make an in... via
#Conservatives What are they hiding ? Where the fk do you want to start ? #TaxEvasion #ChildAbuse #Bribes #Expenses #ElectionRigging They have dirty grubby fingers in almost every illegal pie !
desperate or what? I'm starting to enjoy watching this treacherous, incompetent bitch traipsing round the UK begging for support for her Munich piece of paper committing the UK to EU vassalage. Her humiliation upon rejection of her sell-out will be utter joy to behold
'The lack of immigration plans in Theresa May’s Brexit deal show it up for the con it is'
Judged a debate for some college/sixthformer stuff. Debates about veganisim, Greenbelt and lastly about engaged young voters. All of them mentioned brexit .
I don't think it's just the SNP who think leaving the EU makes us poorer.
Is this accurate of the views of #Newry people about #Brexit ?
But they’re respecting the will of the people...
Encouraging Iranian migrants to get in before Brexit. #wehaveTWOcoastalprotectionvessels
Two Brexit waffling on with no meaningful opposition. Which BTW Corbyn is supposed to be. Knob.
Fresh row looms as No 10 refuses to publish full Brexit legal advice
I think its like what we have now but with less control? We can make our own laws now but that doesn't suit the Brexit narrative.
This needs to be read and re tweeted
If this minority government continues to undermine Parliamentary sovereignty with these underhand tactics it will not survive.
This baby definitely voted #Brexit and swears he definitely isn’t a racist.
Fortunately for the likes of the UK does not have robust treason laws.
#Brexit There is still a chance that this self-inflicted wound can be reversed...
then will also be responsible for the demise of the Conservative party . Michael Gove Unleashed As May’s ‘Secret Weapon’ In Bid To Sell Brexit Deal To Tory MPs - HuffPost
EU's lawyers argue Britain cannot cancel Brexit without the bloc's consent
Disgusting attempt at denying democracy!! All in ‘s interest!! UKIP in power!!
Labour to block People's Vote taking part in Brexit TV debate
Sorry did you say "LISTENED" that's a new one from you
Is Brexit costing us £500million a week? Really? And EU membership was rejected. Decisively. Because we want our sovereignty back. Can a price be put on freedom?
Not what the article says. It says the EU (including the U.K.) will miss its targets but doesn’t split out country by country and no explanation given to why. Clearly your social media team read this about as much as you read the Brexit withdrawal agreement.
We have already had a vote and brexit won . We should have another people’s vote but to say weather we leave with it without a deal. Now mr lammy that’s democracy not what you are calling for.
You forgot 11.1 ; Eat children after having sold out their future........
There are 3 types of people I truly hate: 1. People/politicians who continually lie about the pros and cons of Brexit 2. Anyone who feels they have a right to continue shopping in a shop 10 minutes after a shop has closed 3. People who voted for Anne to do the trial #imaceleb
EU Leaders Approve Brexit Deal #WhatDoYouThink?
To unite UK May has to offer public 3 way vote. May deal, No deal or Stay in EU. Public started Brexit so they have to vote on the final deal. Public will then take responsibility for the result. If leavers or remainers are confident in their argument a deal vote isn’t an issue.
The deal gives remainers renewed determination that #Brexit can be reversed. The media have happily jumped on this. Every TV interview seems to be of a remainer wanting to delay or reverse #Brexit Why are #Brexiteers not allowed to campaign.
Also most peoples votes don't count because of FPTP, not to mention there being an unelected house of lords. Most likely whatever Brexit deal passes will involve the UK abiding by EU regulations, except now all Brits lose their vote in EU parliament. A triumph for democracy.
Turns to IRA terrorists to take their seats and vote her brexit sell off.
please like and retweet my pinned tweet Please give me a follow back Together we must makesure Brexit happens I also fully support ukip
Brexit means brexit pal.
Some snobs think this bloke is too posh.. I'm not a snob.
Brexit: Are Tory whips threatening their own MPs after bid to win Labour support failed? via
Brexit in the Nakstomi Plaza!
...but we are still locked in to being bent over a barrel by the EU who will punish us every chance they get. NO DEAL BREXIT!!!
Back in the EU!
To unite UK May has to offer public 3 way vote. May deal, No deal or Stay in EU. Public started Brexit so they have to vote on the final deal. Public will then take responsibility for the result. If leavers or remainers are confident in their argument a deal vote isn’t an issue.
Oh great. So now they’re aligning us with the poorest parts of the world. Thanks Brexit
Absolutely heartbreaking and sickening to see what this country’s become, especially since Brexit. And all the hatred and animosity has now tricked down to our youth. Embolden the far right? They’re already emboldened. They must not win
And that’s just for drunkers bar bill.
Agreed #Brexit it is #NoDealBrexit
Absolutely. As I see it, the only way to get Brexit is by replacing May with a Brexiteer - before the Meaningful vote. She will otherwise get her WA through, even if on a second attempt.
and you want to keep the Tories in power?
I knew it wouldn't take long before these tossers try to stop the march!
'It's historical STUPIDITY' Fury in Spain after Sanchez agrees Gibraltar Brexit deal
How could Brexit affect poverty in the UK? - JRF via thanks
Really, is that so....
This is going to be a fustercluck
The UK would be able to set very competitive business rates, and tax regimes which the EU simply couldn't match. A true brexit has many advantages....you really think the EU don't want to do business with the UK and have access to the financial services of the city of london??
A Prime Minister desperate and offering people bungs for support "REMIND YOU OF ANYBODY" #Theresamay#brexit
Hmm. I wonder what changed he mind? May cannot be trusted. He rotten withdrawal proposal must be amended
A proper Brexit? What the hell is that? :)
Well done William. Why not ask all the critics to suggest something better rather than just vocabularise with objections!
May defends Brexit deal as Trump casts doubt on UK ability to trade with US President Donald Trump on Monday warned that the agreement allowing Britain to leave the European Union could endanger a future U. S.-U. K. trade deal
That was in response to you asking me now to write in capitals. Anyway...I am basing my conclusions of the available data, which is fact. Or as close to fact as we can get post Brexit. You are listing things you don’t like and presenting them as fact, which is dishonest
“What’s brexit?”
Great questioning - bizarre that he is cynical about economic forecasts but is insistent on his forecast that there will be a #Brexit dividend “at the end of the implementation period” (kicks it into the long grass......)
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
You're supposed to lead public opinion not follow it. This shit is on your head for not opposing Brexit as the ignorant dog whistle racism it is.
Tory MP issues scathing attack on Theresa May over Brexit plan #theresamay
Couple stockpile four months of spare food in case of no deal Brexit OMG you thick woman. Increase the medication love.
Let's listen to the party leader who's party's RHI scandal has led to Northern Ireland without a government... Said no one ever #joke
Jeff has never wavered on this.
To unite UK May has to offer public 3 way vote. May deal, No deal or Stay in EU. Public started Brexit so they have to vote on the final deal. Public will then take responsibility for the result. If leavers or remainers are confident in their argument a deal vote isn’t an issue.
EU and UK join forces against Brexit legal challenge
We knew we couldn't trust #JeremyCorbyn we were right a Leopard never changes its spots Labour to block People's Vote taking part in Brexit TV debate
have you changed your mind on May’s disastrous Brexit ‘Deal’ or are you ready to back a and get us out of this mess?? #BoredofBob
Please, please donate. Journalism like this, from these guys, we need more of it.
This is not meant to be a political point, but Teresa's defence of the Brexit deal is starting to sound like 'strong and stable Government' Has she learned nothing?
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
Nothing to do with Brexit
Should it also include audience questions?
A wonderful woman who had her country at the heart of everything she did. It's a shame that you didn't take a leaf out of her book when doing the Brexit negotiations.
British Prime Minister Teresa May’s Brexit deal could hurt the country’s chances for a U.S.-U.K. trade deal.
Please do not do that. This guy and his cronies are clueless conspirators. Dont get mixed up between Brexit-clear-decision and this ridiculous attempt at a divorce agreement. May &amp; co are doing this deliberatley to generate exactly this response. Just need a little more stamina
Latest News: Brexit: Theresa May denies 'rolling over' on deal The PM comes under attack from DUP leader Arlene Foster as she visits Northern Ireland. 2018-11-27 21:16:57Z
#brexit hurts every single one of these groups
Sorry I missed this out. I haven’t read the entire 600 page document as yet but here’s a snapshot of it which highlights some important points;
Is it true Labour are whipping to abstain? #FBPE
More bad news for Romainers #Brexit #Lettuce #Misery #CaesarSaladFail
This whole #brexit mess should either now be remain or NO DEAL. Considering 52% voted #LeaveEU let’s just leave and cut ourselves away from the European disaster that is the #eu
Brexiteers get livid when you keep banging on about Brexit
This is a useful presentation of one 'side' of the argument.
Allll the petitions on this, I will sign.
It's like the Antiques Roadshow, except the valuation at the end tells you how many thousands of pounds a year Brexit is going to cost your family.
This stinks
If the court decides countries can use A50 essentially as part of a negotiating strategy they will really cause significant problems - this is not really a brexit case it’s much bigger
Whatever the outcome of the next few months, we need to focus more on why this has happened. Turkeys don’t vote for Christmas unless they feel the only alternative is thanksgiving. #BrexitAgreement #Brexit
Are we really surprised?! These people only have their own interests at heart. Not Scotlands, Wales, Northern Ireland or England’s
If just a 10th of our fears prove to be founded our country is in big trouble. I know it's all part of your no-nonsense persona to dismiss warnings of post Brexit slump and chaos. But what if we are right? Maybe you can see it through because you have enough money or something.
Theresa May.. lock up your bunnies. #satire #toriesmustgo #policecuts #toriesout #Brexit #Brexitcast #BrexitReady #brexitmeansbrexit 6
More fake news from mainstream journalists trying to influence Brexit
You can put out all the ridiculous prediction you like. We will ignore them &amp; demand you publish the assumptions. This is one man who does know what he is talking about.
Sorry to hear about it! Yes, the Lyon one. I am still trying to fix this by some agencies but more likely that I have to cancel! Terrible Brexit made by even more terrible governors. Is there an online channel that we can watch those fantastic talks?
Many experts predicted this immediately after Brexit.
No individual politician or party has managed to tell the British public,in clear and dispassionate terms the risks and benefits from Brexit like a good doctor would explain to his patients about a medication or surgical procedure.People are sadly polarised losing objectivity.
“Crashing out of the EU would have immediate and devastating impacts, with border chaos disrupting the 'Just in Time' basis on which our business depends" -Toyota UK boss. #bigprinciples #trade #jobs
Pay up or This is how May's Brexit plan will cost each person in Scotland
Theresa May Rebukes Donald Trump As She Bids To Sell Brexit Deal
Fresh row looms as No 10 refuses to publish full Brexit legal advice Another outrageous two-fingered insult to Parliament by the devious and despicable #Tories!
TBF, a well managed A50 would be a lot less damaging than this chaotic brexit But still difficult to imagine a good A50 event.
Should be cheaper for us to shop on WTO as we put our own tariffs on goods
Imagine if a British journalist wrote comparably contemptuous pieces about the Netherlands and Dutch culture as those written by . This isn't eally about Brexit as such.
What are they hiding?
PUtin is empowered y the Brexit inspired perceived instability of Europe.
But remember the Titanic stayed afloat for about 3 hours after it hit the iceberg the lights etc still functioned then disaster it sunk very rapidly just like UK will if Brexit occurs thank god I have a lifeboat an independent Scotland
In fact the way the EU works, they are likely to say to America — do a deal with us the EU and you will get full access to the UK as well and can take all their Financial Services etc… as we have no intention of letting them go, UK are our cash cow and our biggest export market
Great video on what Brexit means for the City
[Channel4News] May sells her Brexit deal to Welsh farmers
EU warns of Brexit ruling 'disaster'
They do need to step up and deliver a true BREXIT, not her bullshit #REMAINXIT
BOE Looking at #Brexit Scenarios Based on Smooth Transition, via -
A day to celebrate the country being shit canned? No thanks. Need a day in autumn not Spring, too many there already.
I work with 1st generation migrants from around the world. Nearly 1/2 of them voted for #Brexit. No one carries victim card, don’t get disheartened by some random racism and have hunger to skill up. So please!
What is that proper Brexit, Julia? Tell me all about the Brexit that people voted for? Ta.
This is what a lack of democracy looks like. Disgusting!
Labour MPs welcome to the club. Now you know how Brexiteers feel. Least yours was a briefing we’ve had it for 2.5 years and it’s continuing. Leave means leave nothing less.
MAGA CAN YOU COME TO THE UK AND SORT OUT THE EU WITH BREXIT ! THAT WOULD BE FUN TO SEE !
Almost as bad as Brexit.
Brandon Lewis explaining how great Theresa May’s betrayal of a non-Brexit Deal is......
“Look, it may be a pile of poo, but everyone’s bored with Brexit so the sooner we can get it done, the less time people have to notice I’ve handed over 39 billion quid to Barnier for nothing…”
May embarks on #Brexit roadshow
Fresh row looms as No 10 refuses to publish full Brexit legal advice
Why would we hold a debate between two people on the same side of an argument? Come on take up Sir 's challenge He's already thrown down the gauntlet-stop pretending you cannot see it. #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit #finalsay #Brexit #FBPE
Thank you from our lord and saviour Jesus Christ
thought it was quite well known that Gove was a weapon
I underestimated the metaphor big time! Northern Ireland is the truly the child caught been parental divorce #Brexit #NoHardBorder #Maintenance #VisitationRights #Custody
Q letting the side down here.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Must be hiding something —— Fresh row looms as No 10 refuses to publish full Brexit legal advice - the guardian
Why is she travelling the country to sell her Brexit deal? She's not letting us vote on it, so what's the point. Just stay at home. We don't want to hear more sound bites and waffle.
No Deal = No Brexit, ipso facto, Bojo!
Why does this remind me of #brexit or am I paranoid?
It shouldnt be her and Corbyn. It should be her answering to the general public, we're the poor sods that will be shafted by Brexit
What are we getting FROM EU for £39 billion in ’s #BRexit deal? 1 probkem is that #billion sounds like #million so many don’t realise how much £££ it is! £1 billion = £1,000 million which is £1,000,000,000 so £39b is £38,000,000,000 = £600 for every human being in UK!
of course - that’s why she is far too cowardly to agree to it. #BorisJohnsonforpm
They were always there and unfortunately always will be. But Brexit has nothing to do with this scum bag. He would be scum no matter how he voted. His parents could be middle class tories for all we know
Anti-Brexit political party ‘Renew’ launches campaign to keep UK in EU
EU Leaders Approve Brexit Deal: In a major step forward for the United Kingdom’s exit from the European Union, leaders of the EU approved a plan that gives Britain a 21-month transition period, thus setting up a December approv…
EU Leaders Approve Brexit Deal #WhatDoYouThink? TheOnion
“The Brexit moment has irretrievably emboldened the far right and its narratives.” Quite right from from on how the left should be leading the call for a #PeoplesVote #FFS
Think what we could be putting out energy into instead of Brexit. So many issues in the country which have zero to do with the EU and everything to do with our Government.
Does anyone really still believe in Brexit? I don't think so
Chris Davies is lying. Every MP knows that a vote for the WA is a vote to stop Brexit. That's what he really wants.
Couldn't agree more. Which is why should be there. Wouldn't be fair to have two Tories on the debate. #Brexit #Conservatives #UKIP
#UK automotive firms warn of no-deal #Brexit catastrophe
Yes. People who say "what have we become" don't realise that the country has always been like this. Brexit and social media has given them a public platform
They’ve still left her in position though
Given the time, effort and cost it takes to withdraw from the EU, to mitigate delicate voter fluctuations that happen over time, the EU really ought to implement a min 55% majority vote rule for any future country deciding to leave EU. A 48 / 52 vote like #brexit is just silly.
a penny for your thoughts?
Yes, because he is really popular with the brexit MPs given him being the sole reason they ended up with a Remain PM...
This fantastic response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral my uncle writes good
This is by far the funniest episode of The Thick Of It
Apart from not ending payments to the EU, ECJ jurisdiction, single market membership, customs union restrictions and freedom of movement, its perfect. Only the ‘Norway Plus’ plan can save Brexit via
May embarks on Brexit roadshow
Many experts predicted this immediately after Brexit.
Not so much bloody difficult as bloody untrustworthy. #TheresaMay #Brexit #WithdrawalAgreement
So what options does the house have now - can they demand full advice production upon pain of contempt proceedings? #Brexit
Nothing secret. Just a weapon.
Hard Brexit, largely uncreative football with a squad like this is a crime. He needs to sort it out before these games actually matter
I voted brexit and want out of the #eu
Precisely! There must be a Remainer in this debate - or else they will just be jousting about how more extreme they will be about implementing the same package.
'It's historical STUPIDITY' Fury in Spain after Sanchez agrees Gibraltar Brexit deal
May sells her #Brexit deal to Welsh farmers
It’s just that hordes of people who would normally be lambasting him are holding him up as some kind of bastion of Brexit truth.
This would require someone who believes in Brexit that could actually come up with a reasoned argument why it would be better for the UK instead of empty promises and outright lies or invoking wars they were never part of.
By 2022 when the next GE is due the effects of *any* (*if* it happens) Brexit will be beginning to show. The majority of the country is already remain. That will increase hugely once the job losses etc. start coming through. Any MP who helps facilitate Brexit will pay the price!
Fcukin horrible to think how fcuked up these lil kids are a couple of hundred miles away from us! #brexit &amp; #trump in power made it open season for #racism
There is almost universal agreement that the short &amp; medium term financial results of Brexit will be negative. However, as Jonathan Evans, then D G of MI5, said ‘they can still only hit the crocodiles nearest the boat’. Intelligence costs &amp; today there are even more crocodiles.
All Chief Constables are in a similar situation,Brexit is going to put more pressure on the country,it’s monies and austerity. Also on your resources trying to stop civil unrest if there is a no deal. You all as our civil leaders and protectors should be in unison raising it loud
Always attention seeking this one
I can see the sun setting on the British empire - whatever little sun GB has been enjoying is going too #brexit
O.M.F.G.! RAGING ! WHY is this bully still wearing that uniform! If the HT didn't have proof before (?) Then they do now! That bully and his parents should be in the office tomorrow and told he cannot come to school until his attitude changes! Brexit allowed RACISM to flourish!
#Brexit: ‘Politically illiterate’ to expect Sinn Fein MPs to save May deal, says Mary Lou
Stop wasting air and start doing something like stop Brexit for example. We can't fight global challenges whilst you want to divide us from our friends. What a massive waste of space and traitor are you.
It doesn’t say that. In context of conversation it means if labour support may we get brexit.
LOLZ
If May is toppled, and Hard Brexit avoided at the 11th hour by repealing A50 in a mass break out of common sense, we STILL need Independence. So we don't get helplessly dragged along on England's next midlife crisis against our will. We need control of our own destiny...
Steve Bell on Trump savaging May's Brexit deal – cartoon
What are Welsh politicians saying... What's best for Wales Will Whitehall replace the EU funding that Wales has always received #senedd #fmwales
No deal Brexit! Learn about the implications of #Brexit that U.S. lawyers need to know by Edward Hannon and Nichole Bashor:
Tell me all about the Brexit you wanted? #wwjd
This stinks of the hidden hand of Robbins.
This is #Brexit so what will you say about it?
EU Leaders Approve Brexit Deal
Thanks Lynn, I will still be banging on about Brexit.
Sensible comment, that would produce a sensible outcome. HARD #Brexit #BrexitAgreement
I know it's the Guardian - but apparently this is how are MPs are voting
Should bring back Only Fools and Horses to do a Brexit Special. Long odds on that Del Boy would be a Brexiteer.
Ah Brexit Britain, sticking it to the elites.
Please write to them, tweet them, lobby them at their surgeries and remind them of their duty. #BrexitShambles
Of course they are, they have been rumbled and if the British electorate get a say (as we should), their game will be up. #Brexit has been exposed as the scam it always was. #PeoplesVoteNow
People have a short attention span and a decreasing attention to details. This is where we are with Brexit now, a small cabal of fanatical hard Brexit idealists driven by right wing empire based ideology that belongs in the past but wants to rule our futures to enrich themselves
Brexit: Theresa May denies 'rolling over' on deal
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral via
Good luck with the show, we're not holding our breath regarding your delivery, we're more likely to get a better brexit deal! But miracles do happen!
The problem with Trump's opinion on May's Brexit deal, regardless of its merits (or lack thereof) is that Trump wants to fuck us over. That's how he thinks trade works: one side wins, one side loses &amp; won't be the guy who loses.
If this is the best support for Brexit Mrs May can drum up, she desperately needs a 'Plan B' - via
Haha deluded fool....
'Brits aren’t STUPID!' Brexiteer brilliantly DISMANTLES no-deal Brexit scare stories
May heads to Scotland as Brexit deal founders in Westminster Should go down a treat there!
No surprise that the bullying racist sack-of-shit boy videoed attacking an injured Syrain refugee kid is from a family of typical inbred #Brexit scum.
I just demanded that the broadcasters promise fair representation in the TV Brexit debates. I think the public should hear from anti-Brexit voices as well as Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn. Add your name to 's petition:
We don’t call it the Biased Broadcasting Corporation for nothing.
Disgraceful. PS no one cares about the hashtags.
EU Leaders Approve Brexit Deal
Knew faffing Nigel would jump on this..interesting it’s happening just as we may finally right this brexit balls..almost like a foreign power / organisation is lining up the guns for farrage to fire at us....NO COLLUSION though...
Because legal advice says it’s an absolute shocker
Unconvincing.
Gotta love the polls. Been a shock to discover how "far in" we were. And unhappy with the treatment of the British electorate. Chiefly , the sentiment of many remainers who would not have "allowed" the vote at all. #brexit
May heads to Scotland as Brexit deal founders in Westminster
That’s exactly my point right from time immemorial. It’s a UK-wide issue and all Heads of the Home Countries- Wales, Scotland and NI- should’ve been included in these negotiations. It’s Brexit not Tory-xit!
A fan boy speaks....You could make a recording of Nicola, and put it on a loop. “Tories, Brexit, it’s worse in England, Brexit” etc, etc...
Totally agree..by mentioning Brexit you’re just belittling the incident.
Very interesting (if depressing) evening with , , , and others on the link between Russia, the Trump campaign and Brexit.
This idea of a European army makes no sense. We need to drop this and focus on a common threat assessment that may lead to a common strategic vision, the definition of needs for our common defense, ensured by properly equipped and funded militaries.
Because between this and your lefties calling us all fascists because of brexit it kind of seems like the US is projecting its own current insecurities onto us en masse without really trying to understand what's going on
The Cultists are stupid or evil or both! Spreading lies so people let Corbyn off the hook when millions suffer and the economy is destroyed just so Corbyn can come to power on the suffering of the poor, the destruction of the NHS and mega Austerity!
Jolly commendable - BREXIT?
As for your fear of an offer of an indyref, if NS took such an offer knowing England would be forced into a dreadful half Brexit, she would lose all credibility. Most of us don’t want to see any form of Brexit and abandoning England would lose her many many votes.
Theresa May's Brexit deal will damage UK public finances, think tank warns
I’ll not be voting for anyone who voted Leave. A generation betrayed &amp; we won’t forget it.
Did you though? Did you listen
You are aware Brexit is more than likely to change your still Naw into still Yes with more softer No's switching sides. You can have brexit or the UK, you won't get both.
I suspect that both of their PR machines have implied that it will not go ahead if a Brexit supporter is invited on.
Listening to hysterical rhetoric being deployed by Brexiteers when it comes to their negative 'what if' predictions surrounding May's deal, its the hypocrisy as they blithely dismiss the negative 'what if' risks surrounding a chaotic No Deal Brexit that undermines their argument!
17 million + said yes to a true Brexit.
#TheresaMay rejects Donald Trump's criticism of #Brexit deal - The Guardian
If this is your son and your not a fucking smackhead whore I suggest you do something about him before he gets weighed in when he gets in the real world.
What’s the point listening to two leaders who don’t have any intention on leaving the EU &amp; have continuously conned their own voters on what their position is. They’ll just attempt to score anti-party points. Both will just play at scaremongering. What an utter waste of time
Theresa May is doing her best to convince the nation that this is the best possible Brexit deal. Her opponents must come up with sensible alternative deal, if achievable at all. Nie
Would personally rather listen too jumbo talking about brexit than watching united play fucking useless
Yes Pavlina. We are talking Brexit honey. Scotland voted to stay in the UK who are the EU members. The UK voted for Brexit. Nicola is only using Brexit to stir up resentment amongst her supporters! Her only desire is independence.
Fresh row looms as No 10 refuses to publish full Brexit legal advice
I love it when brexit supporters say, I am not racist..... But...
And a Chequers+ Brexit is going to help how?
ok... so im not in the uk alright? but brexit is such a goddamn bloody crime. i mean look at what’s going on.. the British democracy has been professionally poisoned by misinfo &amp; weaponized artificial intelligence
Parliament has passed a binding motion that the legal advice received by the Govenment on Brexit should be published in full. The Government seems set on ignoring Parliament. Someone in the Civil Service needs to do the decent thing and leak this advice as required by Parliament.
The hypocrisy and surrender to Islam in the uk is nearly as bad as the brexit betrayal
Me too
#Brexit ignorant delusion crumbling to farce.
If you’re a Fireman in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a debacle for you. If you live in the South East of England then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this catastrophe! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Well said, sir! #BinTheBackstop
Brexit!!! You are murdering thousands,talk you said,you will listen you said.mass murder of the disabled IGNORED.
Allowing Britain to reverse Brexit without Brussels' permission could destroy EU, ECJ hears
This is worse than Brexit. Damn the British public, damn them to hell #TheChase #TeamAnne
That’s a bit strange in itself - who’d have thought he’d heard of the UK - let alone brexit!
Brexit EDL Rooney
Our pendulum politics has to go, and whichever way things go post 29Mar no-one will trust the big two parties any more, so it’s down to MPs to vote with their conscience. People will long remember those who allowed or caused Brexit to happen. #PeoplesVote
Brexit Case at EU Court May Open Pandora's Box, Lawyer Says
Brexit uncertainty is blamed for the slump in UK property market
Its not Brexit
Far from opposing the nasty nazi Brexit, the UK's main "leftist" opposition party is backing it, with Jeremy Corbyn joining Nigel Farage in demanding immediate invocation of Article 50 the day after...
Weapon.
What else would we have expected. Its time to join the LibDems; Jeremy isn’t interested in hearing the views of those who demand a peoplesvote_uk. Vote with your ballot papers in May 2019 and beyond. Join here
He's an ideologically driven moron, ignoring the fact Nicola sturgeon is the first politician to put country before party over Brexit, even though a disastrous Brexit would be excellent for independence
Imagine how quiet Twitter will be after Brexit
#US #DepartmentOfJustice Document On #SatanicCult Awareness Corroborates The Evidence Of The Children In The #HampsteadCoverup #Trump #BBC #UKIP #Brexit #MelanieShaw #TommyRobinson #IOPC #LawSociety #Media #Law #Pizzagate #MUNYB
An alternative to the border treaty:
Parts of the British media have been writing much worse for as long as I know. Only last week the Spectator published a piece suggesting that we continentals wouldn’t be able to deal with political upheaval without bashing each others’ heads in.
Stopping Brexit. You've not been listening. You're NOT ABLE to declare independence. I don't like it either. I want Scottish ind. But the A49 process will take YEARS. The best hope is to ride the storm, stop Brexit together &amp; let nature take its course. Ind. is inevitable
I find it fascinating how BREXIT tends to erode UK diplomatic and economic USPs. Military strength, soft power, "gateway to EU" for FDI, HQ of a top global medicines regulators, and financial services hub... All these UK strengths appear to be weakening.
1/ The dangers of insular protectionism... 'Make America Great Again' - a little bit like '#Brexit means Brexit' - let's see how that turns out or we could pause, think and go for an informed #PeoplesVote
They’ve probably given up on Brexit
Nasa has just reported a message from Mars. " The Brexit deal is shit "
Good for the Brexit via
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral via
Patrick you have always been someone I have held in high regard. Thank you for everything you did whilst at the &amp; #UKIP and continue to do for the #Brexit cause and our Country. Good Luck &amp; Best Wishes.
This is the sort of shit that someone who voted for Brexit and talks about how much he hates sluts would post on Facebook.
The latest The Daily Plebeian! Thanks to #peoplesvote #brexit
‘SNOWFLAKE’ Owen Jones also calls for MASSIVE protest against Tommy Robinson Brexit March!
Without banging the drum for another quango..serious question...Why desnt Ireland have a gambling regulator? Why is Paddy et al regulated in UK? Brexit proofed?
UK #government and Bank of England to give Brexit reports today - Dhaka Tribune #bankCrisis #news
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
And less that 48 MPs STILL have “confidence” in PM ? beggars belief as to just what this fake PM has to do to get the sack ? nearly lost an election she called fake brexit and lied and continues to lie about it guaranteed to lose any subsequent elections public trust gone
Brexit legacy
#May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now #Britain is writing back!
No cos it isn’t brexit
Unpopular prediction: I actually think the British parliament will accept the deal, albeit in a tight vote
The fact that is proposing using peace in Ireland as a bargaining chip to force the UK into giving up it's fishing rights and no-one from the EU questions him should tell the most ardent EUphille a lot about him and the organisation. #Brexit #Macron
Brexit deal would hit UK economy by £100bn a year by the end of the next decade, finds study
NASA receives signal from Mars saying Brexit deal is shit
Isthe government is using a war the EU started,to deflect from #brexit ? If so,its an extremely dangerous game to play.
This is the true cost of Brexit: Mirror Politics morning briefing
Boris is the Clown Prince of Brexit.......he needs a jester hat and bells on his shoes when he dances around for the Russians!
Ha ha ha....imagine what will happen to the goons when Sturgeon is forced to confirm that we receive massive subsidies from England and that we’d lose our finance sector after Indy..... Ha ha ha......
I leave the lying to the brexit cult leaders.
This is one of the more serious things to happen to UK! Like surrendering totally to your opponent's! Not only that jeopardizing NATO which has kept Europe safe all these years! The Politicians responsible for this covert action need to be investigated &amp; sacked!
But apart from that Ian...
They are fuming at the moment. They tried sexy young girls revisionism of Stalinism, then moved onto ‘Centrists are hideous unworthy slugs that need salting’ , but Brexit is their undoing. They are a bit foxed. Hence the pile ons.
The latest The Discover Russia Daily! #travel #brexit
Yet some foolish people take him seriously.
Well, that’s that then. And no, you’re not allowed to come over here and take ours. Fears UK could run out of wine if Brexit isn't sorted
What worries me is how quickly this sort of shit has become ‘normal’. How fucked up will things be in 5 or 10 years. Brexit will be the least of our worries!
Your Brexit deal is nothing but a total waste of garbage. There IS a plan B. Either the Norway model to leave or #PeoplesVote, though I oppose leaving, with exception to the Norway model.
Theresa May has done the impossible! She has united the entire country and all points of the political spectrum... everyone hates her brexit deal!
Well.
EU Leaders Approve Brexit Deal
Project Fear Mark 3!? Businesses pride themselves on adapting to challenges. Slightly more admin &amp; slight more time for trucks is not their greatest challenge. Legal compensation also possible under WTO. Besides any CEO who hasn’t prepared adequately by now should be fired
When in doubt just lie, the #Brexit mantra. Time for a #PeoplesVote.
Three quarters of UK carmakers fear no-deal Brexit: SMMT Three quarters of businesses in Britain's automotive sector think leaving the European Union next year without a transition deal would hurt them, an industry survey showed on Tuesday.
May and Corbyn scared of being in the room with an articulate politician who actually has a handle on the scale of the calamity Brexit will visit upon us, and who will expose the democratic deficit inherent in Westminster's approach to Scotland. #ChooseScotland
Get on with it? No, May's Brexit plan was a disaster from day one | By Polly Toynbee
Are you effing kidding me?
Check to see if your mp is one of these and get writing.
"Shit Jeremy with all this #Brexit stuff we could end up being in power by next March, I know I'll do a stupid tweet so people go off us again"
BREXIT MEANS BREXIT
Not a bot I am sure. What is positive at the moment and what have we cause to be positive about after Brexit? If it happens.
This is worse than Brexit! Damn the British public, idiots #ImACeleb #TeamAnne
Siri show me what a real opposition leader looks like
can brexit end up tanking london rent prices please and thanks.
on fire here. Give it a watch :D
Oh Caroline, you again... Since when did you join on the "It's all Corbyn's fault" and why?? I really don't get it.. Are you hoping catching some Labour members to help the Greenfield finance issues or something like that??
Nice “Very Constructive as ever” The EUSSR at its democratic best! #StandUp4Brexit #StandUp4Democracy
this is sufficient basis for a unilateral declaration of independence. well past time we were serious about this option.
May wrote to the country about her disastrous #Brexit deal. Now #Britain is writing back! I've just added my name to the reply telling MPs to reject the deal. I encourage you all to do the same...
He managed to fool the English into voting for BREXIT even though the major tenet of his campaign has been proven to be a lie.
I am sceptical also for other additional reasons. See my article in E!sharp September 2017.
The always imperial, never impartial, European Court of Justice should not have any post-Brexit jurisdiction in the UK. via
Tomorrow the bofe release their new forecasts based on Brexit. We might as well already accept they will be negative as they are biased towards remain and their previous forecasts have been wrong. Political scaremongering will lose trust in the BofE.
This fantastic response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
Put a hold on the Brexit coverage, . There's a more important story that needs your attention.
Is it possible that the Daily Fail could stoop any lower? "More fake news from mainstream journalists trying to influence Brexit" #PeoplesVote #FinalSay via
All D.Trump’s utterances are treated with derision by the press and then when the great philosopher has something negative to say about May’s Brexit plan suddenly he is the oracle of the media. Why? #fakenews #fakeshoes
I just demanded that the broadcasters promise fair representation in the TV Brexit debates. I think the public should hear from anti-Brexit voices as well as Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn. Add your name to 's petition:
Hi - greatly enjoyed hearing your views on #Brexit the #QueensHotel in Bournemouth earlier this evening -
I DEMAND TO KNOW WHAT THE PEOPLE OF CLEETHORPS THINK ABOUT BREXIT.
‘America first, UK last’ or ‘dismay’ at dismal deal – Trump’s Brexit ... - - #uspolitics #trump #potus #midterms2018
How will your MP vote on May's #Brexit deal?
Do you expect the Tories and DUP to vote in favour of a GE? And what would Labour's Brexit policy be if they were to win?
No she shouldn’t. She cares nothing about brexit either way. She cares only for furthering Scottish nationalism. A vile individual.
France prey to 'poison' that caused Brexit says Emmanuel Macron, as he tries to defuse 'yellow vest' protests via
Hows about a letter that says "Dear Theresa, your Brexit deal is a total lemon and you have betrayed the 17,000,000 people who trusted you to deliver a meaningful and well planned Brexit"?
Subscribe Here to get a few chapters for FREE from the book Please #RT #gold #silver #stocks #trading #trades #markets #Investing #today #rich #education #hope #dreams #Giveaway #free #positivity #focus #goals #life #money #success #fun #levelup #brexit
, should we blame Brexit for this attack too ? Asian thugs attack white British lad via
We would happily host a debate with and the other two major party leaders. Hearing the views of the leaders of the 3 largest parties in the UK in an open debate about Brexit is important.
Food warehouses 'almost full' ahead of Brexit
Corbyn is a lifelong Bennite Eurosceptic he's just playing games. He'd be thrilled with a Brexit the Tories get blamed for
Nobody is disregarding. You've had over 2 years to make Brexit a success and have turned us into a worldwide embarrassment. Time to let the people have an informed vote on the final deal.
. wins Foreign Press award for #Trump and #Brexit work. Congratulations. Two in one month!
Selling sand to Arabs will become equal to selling May’s Brexit to Brits.
So what you’re saying is that he’s a complete political shit who puts his loyalties to his Party and his Boss over the interests of the country #Brexit and his own principles. The worse sort of creepy greasy-poll climbing ass-kissing git!
“And I might have an idea for someone in my falsely created construct that fits the bill...”
gave us in 2016 instead of .. Now he hides under her skirt #brexit #BrexitBetrayal #TraitorMay
When we bin this Breshit and get Brexit the 27 will fall like dominoes.
Surely any normal person watching that video just feels nothing but compassion for the poor kid and anger towards the vile bullies. To bring #Brexit into it is just low
Tory divisions: the factions preparing for fall of May's Brexit deal
It sounds almost as if there’re things they don’t want others to know :)
No, love. You’re doing a great job of that yourself.
#Petition: #Leave the #EU without a #BrexitDeal in March 2019. #WTO #NoDealIsBetterThanABadDeal 95% of #UK businesses DO NOT trade with the #EU #Brexit #BrexitBetrayal
Jon, why you not talking about the UN migration pact? This is bigger than Brexit, and will be catastrophic for this country yet no one is talking bout it!! When this is signed it will be illegal for anyone in the media to criticise it.
May is the Leader of the 'Nasty Party' and we should expect nothing other than nastiness from them. I suppose you could say that at least they are being true to form.
If #corbyn abandoned his principles, his aura would be shattered. It's as if both sides are fighting over a share of the #brexit losers vote. Starmer positioning himself to take over in time for next election.
#Consequences of #Brexit may change in few weeks .the self-affirmation that the EU has been successful in remaining united in these. This #facade unity is going to sneak up faster.
Nothing to do with brexit . Just a total scum bag who would have done this brexit or no brexit . Glad he is named and shamed so come on authorities do something about it ....
Just watching I'm a Celebrity. Spoiler alert. It made me think about the NHS post Brexit. #peoplesvote
Brexit explanation?
Fresh row looms as No 10 refuses to publish full Brexit legal advice | Politics | The Guardian
The Market Bull – November 27, 2018 Trump figures Americans can easily handle a 10% tariff driven increase in prices. Britain gets a Brexit deal, but will it pass? GM gets itself in a pickle. Read More:
So what you’re saying is that he’s a complete political shit who puts his loyalties to his Party and his Boss over the interests of the country #Brexit and his own principles. The worse sort of creepy greasy-poll climbing ass-kissing git!
Even the most negative predictions (at least the long-term ones) forecast nothing worse than lower growth. Trouble is that many who fear a WTO Brexit don't understand that
Before The High Court, are the Only one's, who uphold The Truth &amp; Justice.... High Court ruling could declare Brexit ‘void’ as early as Christmas
please #RT asap #economics #SPX #trading #options #brexit #Italexit #GRExit #stocks #markets #Motivation #today #SundayThoughts
This #US #DepartmentOfJustice Document On #SatanicCult Awareness Corroborates The Evidence Of The Children In The #HampsteadCoverup #Trump #BBC #UKIP #Brexit #MelanieShaw #TommyRobinson #IOPC #LawSociety #Media #Law #Pizzagate #MUNYB
Johnson challenges May to EU showdown with ‘someone who BELIEVES in Brexit’
(EDP 24):#Norwich party leaders could press #MPs for Brexit vote : Leaders of the three political groups at Norwich City Council are to press MPs for a public vote - if Parliament rejects the final Brexit deal. ..
Health and Social Care Committee explore implications of Brexit on health and social care, including Secretary of State for Health. Serious stuff to consider.
Says the guy who resigned immediately after Brexit leaving everyone else to clean up the mess he made. Idiot.
More fool them for believing they would NOT be treated like idiots....
A great thread but I do think someone shouldn’t be allowed anymore sweats
No surprise that the bullying racist sack-of-shit boy videoed attacking an injured Syrian refugee kid is from a family of typical inbred #Brexit scum.
This was a fascinating discussion: 1. govt #brexit deal would lose by 200 votes; 2. Move to leave w no-deal would bring down govt; 3. General election now more likely than #peoplesvote; 4. As much as I want to dislike he comes across as eminently decent
She’ll leave Fast &amp; we’ll be Furious
When I first wrote in 2017 Norway was best option, nobody listened. Now best and most likely option. Only the ‘Norway Plus’ plan can save Brexit - via
is a stooge. He wasn't supposed to deliver a pro Brexit vote, and when he succeeded he 'retired'. Just as pathetic as and the appeaser. If I wanted to watch a pair of puppets performing a scripted show, I'd go see #PunchAndJudy
We know that the 2016 referendum was not conducted lawfully. #Brexit is a fraud upon the nation. #BuggerBrexit
Mrs May isn't wrong to say that some Brexit compromise was needed. To to use an analogy: if one person in a relationship wants to holiday in Europe and the other in America their compromise can't be the mid-Atlantic! #Brexit #EUagreement
This is all tied in one huge tangled knot. Snowden, Assange, Trump, Russia, GOP, oligarchs, money laundering, Brexit, voter suppression, tax cuts for ultra wealthy, dismantle healthcare, continuous war, all that you hear in the news is being done by a few billionaires.
How Downing Street is planning to bribe Tory MPs to back the Brexit deal
. is one of few people speaking any sense on the PM’s Brexit deal and the current state of the country. A complete rejection of May’s deal leaves us with only the extreme options. It’s not a way to heal divisions in a post-Brexit Britain.
The poor lad was from Syria... probably traumatised by what he experienced there and he comes over here and gets this treatment.. I agree it is all over but England has exploded with this behaviour since the Brexit vote causing many to leave so won’t be retracting anything
Exactly. Like I said it wasn't an attack on Brexit itself but the scumbags who have surfaced and been emboldened following the referendum
Can the house summons the Attorney General? Can they take legal action to force production? Treason May won't release it because it will expose her multiple lies and deceptions about the implications of her pretend #Brexit plan.
BREXIT MEANS BREXECONOMICDISASTERWEAREALLGOINGTODIET
Well said. You should debate with useless PM. There is still lot of people who believe giving away sovereignty with paying money is good idea.
Brexit is a far right resurgence. How about doing what’s right rather than pandering to bigots? Too much to expect?
Nicola S. Is one of very few politicians now showing true leadership at this time. The only reason she is not wanted at the debate is because others fear her. Pathetic isn't it? TM quite prepared to persuade amateurs but unwilling to take on a fellow professional.
Stalling tactic to prevent release of detrimental information prior to the Brexit deal vote...the arrogance of the May government needs to be kicked to the curb.... Fresh row looms as No 10 refuses to publish full Brexit legal advice
Brexit you silly old get
The brains behind Brexit in action
Weapon. Indeed.
Brexit Britain close to agreeing open skies deal with US via
Far from opposing the nasty nazi Brexit, the UK's main "leftist" opposition party supports it, with joining Nigel Farage in demanding immediate invocation of Article 50 the day after the 2016 referendum. But of course Jezza "opposes fascism"
U.K. Wins Provisional Support to Join $1.7 Trillion WTO Deal The described one situation! Can someone ask the WTO/GPA what can the UK DO in the case of leaving the EU on 29 MAR 2019 with a Hard BREXIT ? Thank you
Total bantz tonight with my husband and my ex-ex Brexit Secretary.
Is that "despite brexit" ?
PM's Brexit deal 'great' for EU but not UK-US trade, Donald Trump says
No-deal Brexit: Amazon blamed for lack of food warehouse space
It us rather concerning that the EU countries back this deal but many members of the Houses of Parliament do not support it. Is it a deal for our country or one for EU? #BrexitAgreement BBC News - Brexit: Theresa May denies 'rolling over' on deal
Fintan O’Toole: The bad ship Brexit needs a skilful mutiny
To claim they are Christian is simply absurd With every policy they debase His word He said: "Suffer the children to come unto me" Not "you must condemn them to penury" These creatures of greed, wearing rosettes of blue Forgive them not, for they know what they do
Brexit is a fantasy for fantasists based on fantastical delusions, lies and could only be delivered if your side of the argument could figure out how to get an egg out of a baked cake.
They should hire T. May to strike a deal, hahahahahahaha #Brexit
Theresa May has denied claims from DUP leader Arlene Foster that she had "given up" on negotiations before agreeing the Brexit deal.Mrs Foster said the PM's trip to promote the deal to businesses in Wales and Northern Ireland was a "waste of time" as Parliament would not back it
Theresa May went to my home town of #Newry &amp; her stamina is growing on the #Nyuks #Newry reacts as May begins Brexit PR drive
This is for real
May heads to Scotland as Brexit deal founders in Westminster
UK can unilaterally reverse Brexit, EU’s top court told
He’ll be able to use some of the £350M per week we were promised on the #brexit bus
#SNP #Indyref2 #DUP #Indywales #Wales #Yorkshire #Cornwall #SinnFein #Brexit #UK : Norway-plus acceptable, though it is our preference to look at options that see us remaining in the #EU REFORM the EU from a federation to a CONFEDERATION
A lot of Leavers have said they would still support Brexit even if it meant they, a friend or family members lose their job. So with I highly doubt the fact that Russia illegally pulled off such a successful campaign to have the U.K. vote Brexit will change their minds.
Only she campaigned to leave the EU in 2014.... and her party spent more on a Glenrothes by election than campaigning in the brexit referendum... now try and square that circle if you can
God spare us from this nonsense - absolute garbage. Now, the question is this: does he know that he is wrong, does he care? Or is he knowingly, maliciously spreading untruths? #Brexit
This is disgusting, May never intended to get us out of the EU. Why hasn’t she been taken out of power?
Brexit Britain
#Brexit in a nutshell. ;-)
For someone supposedly who has nothing to do with Brexit, it's odd that he should damage Labour's chances in a general election by sticking up for it rather than leading opposition to it. All he needs to do is lead #PeoplesVote. This should be easy.
[Channel4News] May embarks on Brexit roadshow
"It’s also essential that we challenge the idea that freedom of movement should be judged in a Scrooge-like fashion, asking only ‘how much do they pay in, how much do they claim?’. -
BBC has consistently promoted Brexit as a done deal through its news broadcasts, current affairs and even its programme links as week as most of its senior commentators, not to mention the disproportionate number of appearances by those clowns Farage, Rees Smogg and Johnson.
There is a very slim chance you can reverse #Brexit. If you do, then great. Any deal you do with the EU will have a backstop. Attacking it now reveals that Remain are, like Brexiters, indifferent on implications #Brexit for Ireland &amp; makes selling it to DUP even more difficult.
“Ye canna sit on a thistle”. 102 year old dying mother’s remark regarding abstentions on #Brexit and Independence debates. #DissolveTheUnion
This trial is a vision of the NHS post-Brexit #ImACeleb
Barefaced liar.
Trump’s Brexit bomb is a brutal reminder that May’s work has barely started | Gaby Hinsliff
Steve Bell on Trump savaging May's #Brexit deal – cartoon: Continue reading... #Brexit #ClickBait #donaldtrump
Hancock turns out to be more Pooh than Tigger: Questioned on #Brexit, #health secretary says… #Brexit #ClickBait
No-deal #Brexit could hit F1 races around Europe, says McLaren chief: • Nine F1 races to be… #Brexit #ClickBait
'People were sold a lie': Ruthin restless over May's #Brexit deal: Mixed emotions for the prime… #Brexit #ClickBait
May heads to #Scotland as #Brexit deal founders in Westminster: Number of Tory MPs opposing… #Brexit #ClickBait
Concerns over dairy quotas post-Brexit
This is why Scotland remains England's b*tch: misguided priorities! Good job, , how's that Brexit coming along for ya?
Yes, Donald Trump is talking perfect sense on May’s #Brexit deal | Peter Mandelson: Negotiating… #Brexit #ClickBait
Not really a surprise, is it?
May’s Brexit brings certainty that we will never Leave the EU
FBPE says 'Labour supports Tory Brexit' Parliament reveals otherwise :
But... but... they are ExPats not bloody foreigners....
The Brexit is surrealistic
The Guardian view on May’s Brexit deal: a sobering moment for Britain
Far better to have them on stage than to add a liar. I can just see BoJo now, 'oh after a' real' #Brexit we'll all have diamond watches, live in mansions and dine on caviar everyday!'. Probably won't get enough to buy back those scrapped water cannons.
I just demanded that the broadcasters promise fair representation in the TV Brexit debates. I think the public should hear from anti-Brexit voices as well as Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn. Add your name to 's petition:
‘NO POINT!’ Johnson CONDEMNS Brexit TV debate – 'You need someone who BELIEVES in Brexit'
Nothing to do with Brexit what so ever .Poor tweet!
New post (Brexit: Theresa May defends deal amid criticism from MPs) has been published on newsofdayonline -
Surely even this bunch of Tories won’t let her run anotherbelection campaign
stock market has already priced in Brexit
Can UK Reverse Brexit? EU's Top Court to Give 'Quick' Verdict || || || #World News
What is Theresa May hiding from the public and her own MPs?? This woman is so dishonest.
She created the #brexitshambles frustration! #Brexit
EU Leaders Approve Brexit Deal
British businessmen clash over Brexit | Jeremy Kyle
Any posts supporting Brexit? Since we are talking about supporting bigotry and ignorance.
This is nothing to do with brexit! This is a bunch of cowardly bullies picking on the odd one out. Bullies need sorting but schools are too soft. But please don't lump all brexit voters in with this crap. That's lazy Georgie.
This is not the choice we have. There is No Brexit as an option. Article 50 can be revoked.
With negotiations that made Brexit look like ordering a Big Mac, pleased to confirm that we've now finalised the 48 greatest albums of 2018 from best to worst (hint: Mike Love's Christmas album was worst). The big reveal happens in real time on Saturday, 4pm. #thegreat48
It’s not merely dead. It’s putrefying.
This is astonishing. Parliament passes a motion requiring the executive to release the full content of the legal advice it received about May’s Brexit deal, to inform the ‘meaningful’ vote. May refuses. What is she scared of?
Spain is 'back in Europe' ??!
She’s scared of yoooouuuu!
Brexit reality gets worse by the day. Trump’s Brexit bomb is a brutal reminder that May’s work has barely started | Gaby Hinsliff
Brexit deal 'could cut UK growth by 5.5%' by 2030
The seismic shock of Brexit will change the UK’s politics for ever | Rafael Behr
Project fear doesn't work outside the m25. We want Full, unencumbered, red blooded #Brexit!
Absolute bollocks.....
Brexit is not in the national interest. National in terms of either Scotland or the UK. No evidence to suggest either will be better off. All you care about is yourself and Tory self interest. At the next election the bell tolls for thee.
Not sure we have to put it on the context of #brexit because as you say it was happening before but what the actual fuck is going on here - I hope that poor lad is given the support he needs
The Section 30 stated that as the Brexit deal was to be agreed "between the autumn of next year [2018] and the spring of 2019" it'd be "reasonable at this stage to work on the basis of your stated timetable [for #IndyRef2]." #indyref always planned for q4 18 / q1 19.
Brexit can bring China and UK closer. This is the strength of liberal world order that started with the partnership between UK and USA along with other countries. US might seem at relative decline but its absolute decline is not in the near future.
I present the Brexit dividen6
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Theresa May will lose that vote. This meeting is perfectly timed to argue for a #NoDeal #Brexit
#Brexit I went in to town yesterday. Noticed more homeless than usual. I went shopping at a supermarket, there is food bank donation stand there. I then come home, sit in a warm house. Have a moan on Twitter and suddenly feel a massive cunt. I feel like this but do MPs ?
What have we done to deserve this cosmic level of ineptitude?
Sure because this was a bold and stupid lie and surprise! Reality is bigger than lies in the end.. So what's up Mr Farage?
The Brexit road to Britain’s collapse | Financial Times
Proposed TV debate over Brexit deal means only one thing: torture for the public - from The Independent Daily Edition
The headbangers roadshow, whatever next? dolly dimple and the Brexit deal roadshow sounds crap, I will pass on this as only 3% of the British Public backs dolly dimples Brexit Deal
once the green parties of the world figure out how to generate electricity and industrial products using the sheer power of petitions i think we'll have basically no problems left in society
Don't see Pence getting out of this. He headed Transition Team which was all yakking with Russia. Was his one of the phone numbers Aaron Banks of Brexit delivered to Russian Ambassador to UK? Not to mention the dirty works of Flynn / Nunes.
As in most things - there is what Trump says, and there is reality (or what his aides scramble to recover as a sensible way forward after his latest faux-pas) #backthebrexitdeal
I wish this bullshit were actually true. In voting for brexit the UK never once considered the effect it would have on its neighbours. If that's the case we should twist the knife as hard as possible
Brexit: Theresa May denies 'rolling over' on deal
Join us on the 9th #BrexitBetrayalMarch #BrexitBetrayal #MayMustGo #MayMustGoNow #SackOlly
It's the Heinz Strategy - 57 varieties of soup and plenty of cans to kick down the road/into long grass.
You are forgetting the other option, no Brexit!
May the dictator. #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote. #Endthechaos. #Remain
Listen to this and then look at the traitor class in Westminster now trying to reverse the decision and ignore the people. Exactly what Cameron said would NOT happen. The Brexit Betrayal - see you all in London on December 9th!
Yahoo has surely got this story wrong. It has EU lawyers involved and on the UK side.
This has been happening for years! Doesn’t make it right, but in my view doesn’t have anything to do with Brexit. Thing is now, anything like this is videoed and put on twitter for everyone to see! Saw so many fights like this when I was at school, but video cams were huge!
We have heard your voice and your version of Brexit. Tend to agree with some of it but your domestic lies condemn you
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
There is no such proposal as Norway Plus. There is just May's 'deal', no deal or no Brexit. That's it. So, put away your Norway Plus diversion.
Well the most recent one has been the switch away from actively promoting Scottish independence to trying to save the Uk from breaking up on the back of WM Tory brexit plans. That’s not the party I joined in 86
BBC News - Brexit court case 'could lead to disaster', EU lawyers warn
JACOB, Stop meddling..how many times do we have to tell you? Brexit is all sorted. Leave the politics alone and go to bed!
Gary knows as much about coaching as he knows about #Brexit
'Norway-plus' Brexit option gaining ground, says Nicola Sturgeon - The Guardian
Mrs May isn't wrong to say that some Brexit compromise was needed; but to use an analogy: if one person in a relationship wants to holiday in Europe and the other in America their compromise can't be the mid-Atlantic! #Brexit #EUagreement
Brilliant and spot on
So are you ok with this then? Does it sit within your moral compass?
£20 a ticket,after the vote has taken place! You must think we are proper mugs. gtf used car salesman.
Has knocked on your door yet? #Brexit
Brexit has brought anti-foreigner feeling back into the open. Teresa May has poured petrol on those flames with her language of 'queue jumpers' &amp; made me &amp; everyone I know (esp the EU citizens) feel unwelcome 'citizens of nowhere'. She&amp; Brexit can never bring the nation together
Brexit isn’t about Tory or Labour. It’s much more important than that.
London Buyers, Sellers Wait Out Brexit via
Tommy Robinson's Australia tour postponed after anti-Islam activist plans Brexit protest on same date.#TommyRobinson..#Australia..#whitenationalism
Read it ! #PeoplesVote #Brexit #BrexitShambles The far right is marching for Brexit. Will the left stand against it?
Brexit enabled - but did not create - a very nasty undercurrent of racism. This school has failed very badly on many fronts.
'The UK-India relationship has stood the test of time so I have no doubt that it will survive #Brexit.' - HE , Indian High Commissioner to the UK, at . #CHEvents
He has a point #Brexit
#brexit Falsehoods, Failures, Fibs &amp; Fabrications | Richard Corbett
Fixed it “Today I visited Wales and Northern Ireland. I ignored all sense, surrounding myself with sycophants. The Brexit deal gives veto power to the EU over the #backstop that Macron has already said he’ll use over the United Kingdom. #ScrapTheBrexitDeal”
Literally the thick of it
May is ominously confident of winning the meaningful vote, but she knows the Brexiters have the choice of her deal or no Brexit and she'll hoover up support. If we're not careful she's going to ruin Christmas for over half of the country!
Exodus 22:18 Thou shalt not suffer a witch to live. #anime #brexit #maga #pedogate Stop looking up to those demon possessed people. Satan is using them to bring you away from your Creator Jesus Christ
Remember before the referendum people were using Brexit as a way to get out of TTIP, yet now willing to go full steam ahead with a US FTA without the oversight of 28 countries vs the US
But let's try not blaming each other here. (OK I am as guilty as anyone. Mea culpa). But it not bloody Brexit. Have we got common ground? I do think some support IBs because they work in a school that uses them and it has to be rationalised. Lets reflect on how language forms us
The World Trade Organisation (WTO) says there's nothing in its rules that would force either the EU or UK to erect a hard Irish border after #Brexit. The argument over Northern Ireland was just a trick to keep us in the Customs Union. #BrexitBetrayal
This still stands ...#TheresaMay #Brexit
Take your own advice re the dummy. Brexit is a complete disaster for Britain. Perhaps you should get over it.
Really important
Very Interesting
When Trump goes,and Brexit is sorted (one way or another)what will we do then? I suppose there's always the Russians and the Chinese to worry about...
Any Labour MP that attempts to shore up the govt on the #BrexitDeal has no place in the Party. It could only be seen as a desperate ploy to keep Corbyn out of Downing Street, zero regard for national interest
And yet again the government attempts to conceal information vital to #Brexit democracy. It is not only a #BrexitGate cover-up which is being orchestrated by Number 10. It a systematic attempt to subvert Brexit as a democratic process. #PeoplesVote
UK car jobs boss Mike Hawkes - "We need an ambitious future relationship, replicating the benefits of the customs union &amp; the single market. No tariffs, no quotas, no rules of origin. No regulatory divergence or border checks, and frictionless trade"
VIDEO: Nigel Farage appearance on Fox News blamed for Trump’s slam against Brexit deal
Yes it is boring. “...standing up for free movement...” - what is the matter with you? Barking mad.
Not sure how this fits the Brexit narrative - I get flack for having Norman ancestors
Forget Brexit. Spongebob creator has died. So sad. Not joking.
In the June 2017 Labour's finest asset which saved Corbyn from ignimony was imho one particular person. Theresa May and her strong and stable Will she now save us from brexit with her new campaign?
No today you visited pre-arranged Eu puppets who benefit from EU funding, they wouldn’t let you anywhere near real people.
Brexit is a bad deal.
Utter nonsense what a waste of time. People are usually too polite to tell you to your face that you are destroying their lives - cut by cut - and that #Brexit is a knife to their hearts, jobs, families' prosperity and freedom to travel, work and play anywhere in EU!
Pro-Brexit MEP admits EU departure may cause "more admin" and "more time for trucks".
I am actually really, really glad that you are able to travel and represent to the rest of the EU that there are people, lots of people who don't want to inflict Brexit on our country, who value their EU citizenship. Thank you.
These forecasts are made by the same people who forecasts showed disaster after brexit vote, disaster after not joining the Euro, and great thing if we joined ERM......they are complete Shite
The only way a People's Vote would be passed (and actually made policy) is if the Govt adopted it. No Conservative Govt will adopt/support a second ref on Brexit.
Well done Stuart ! Senior UK academics call for people’s vote to save universities
I kinda wanna start a riot now, over brexit or some shit and how it ruined my life
This is how we got Brexit. Little Englanders with the sense that we can fight for our ideals but anyone else who does is a terrorist. Empire 2.0. I’m sure the killer of Jo Cox felt exactly the same way.
..the show would be called 'Celebrity Piss Take'. But Tory minister Peter Phile would be the main character. We would see his love for Piers Morgan &amp; Hyacinth Bucket,Boris Johnson's hair,Theresa May's slippers &amp; his struggles with coming to terms with Brexit, alongside gimps etc
No attempting by now to cover up his pro-Remain credentials. Announcing the award for best use of evidence in making a policy decision at the #PSAAwards tonight the Channel 4 News presenter declared: “What a contra-Brexit situation”
This is the mad #MayBot for you, the Authoritarian Bureaucrat. The last thing is, is a Tory. She's an illiberal statist. 'Government on collision course with MPs after confirming it will not publish full Brexit deal legal advice'
As with Project Fear, you are being lied to &amp; appear to be more than happy to blindly accept what you are told.. FOM is not ending. I am not going to do your work for you. You #remain backers really didn't know what you were voting for #brexit
SCOTLAND be warned Theresa May expected to visit Glasgow to sell Brexit plan
This language is obviously completely unacceptable. But that doesn't change the core proposition, namely that the electorate must have the chance to decide if they really want to go ahead on this or any other basis. If the majority no longer want #brexit we should not continue.
Commons vote on Brexit: what you need to know - Financial Times - - h/t
David Davis should stay away from anything Brexit related, the man's a liability.
Just caught up with latest Strong contributions on #Brexit from and That is quite a line-up for one issue!! #chapeau
... it never ever ends, does it?
The only thing that matters to the Tories is that come out of brexit smelling of roses now matter how bad it goes
In general, I would agree with this approach, but unfortunately my MP is Esther McVey. Experience suggests it is a waste of time writing to her
Horse shit
Via a #PeoplesVote . Do you understand how ridiculous your position is when put like that? Another example - your claims of an NHS dividend from Brexit; that is just utter garbage, you know it and so do I. Stop treating people like fools and lying that #Brexit is wonderful
Wonderful a true sliver of light through this bleak outlook. Thanks for the hope.
biggest economic decision the countries ever taken, that’ll wipe out £100’s of billions &amp; effect folks life’s for years/decades &amp; the Tories &amp; exclude devolved government leaders. #ToriesRunningScared Call to include Nicola Sturgeon in #Brexit TV debate.
Correction: Your version of Brexit brings utter, utter, balls to every citizen of the UK
The TV Media are irriversably damaging the UK with their remainer bias. Everytime I switch on the TV a remainer is being given a free rain to spout fake negativity about how #Brexit can be reversed or delayed.
In reality, she is your PM not our's. You are to blame for this Brexit shit, both you and May! Xenophobic England voters too!
With every passing day there is a new governmental outrage.
May's Brexit deal sounds like a “great deal” for the EU in my personal opinion
Like this Brexit 'deal' then.
More fake news from mainstream journalists trying to influence Brexit via
And then there were eight...
Well said boris.
was just stating the obvious by reading the EU/UK supposed deal! Obviously he can see what a crap deal it is. I am sure he wants to trade with UK with that special relationship BUT the EU don't want him too! Hence the crap deal. WTO Rules far better!
I know but you cannot assume that history will repeat itself like Tony Blair and Gordon Brown. I can’t stand the Tory’s and I think we’re really fucked with brexit!
There are millions of us who do not accept the fraudulent referendum. We will not accept brexit or the lies that sold it. Pick a side, brexit or democracy. There is nothing moderate about brexit, together we will burn it down.
Is Theresa May the worst leader that has ever lived.....?? #Brexit #EUWithdrawalAgreement #runningthroughafieldofcorn #WTF
Perfectly put. Sadly Julia matches when it comes to a total lack of a solution for Brexit. They are good at self promotion though :)
If you're so stupid as to admit that far right wing nutters eat their own young then put it in. Bit extreme! But far right brexit nutters? They sold their childrens futures so??
Not only that but Dave kept telling us Leave meant Out and Out meant #Brexit and Brexit meant not being in the customs union or the single market and not being in those two meant we were not in the EU as we would have left. Dave said all that. So Mrs May serves up a curate's egg.
This is the true cost of Brexit: Mirror Politics morning briefing
#Brexit #Tories #Labour #TheresaMay is a LUDICROUS, deluded #politician. If only #JeremyCorbyn were not a LUDICROUS deluded ...... Oh, #FUCK
Welcome to Britain 20xx. The PC brigade in this country is off the map! In US, Russia,France, Germany etc, this could never happen; sometimes I wonder if BREXIT is actually saving Europe from the nonsense emanaofrom these shores.
That was a serious answer. I remember driving home and thinking, damn, I never got to Brexit. So many issues Zennström touched on as global in nature and arguably only solvable by sovereign countries working in union.
All these things seem to be happening “after the fact”.
Write to your MP today to tell them you're #NotBuyingIt. No one wants this dodgy #Brexit deal. Demand a #PeoplesVote:
Brexit - We can work it out. #BeatlesSongsForMillennials
You're not listening. See when you say we aren't able to leave? You totally alienate me from your cause. Brexit will speed up Scottish independence. Why shouldn't we help make it happen, &amp; make it as bad as possible? You don't care about our wishes, why should I care about yours?
Raab, Johnson and Davis all put in post but ran off when tasked to deliver their Brexit plan
May debates Corbyn on Brexit (a debate she thinks she’ll win) But obviously won’t have to debate him on other policy (a debate she thinks she’ll lose) Then in the GE that soon follows, she says ‘I’m not gonna debate him again, we just did that” ???
The Brussels Correspondent telling lies? What next, pope admitting to liking the odd bit of incense and latin?
'I just read your letter to me and the rest of Britain wanting us all to unite behind the damp squib you call a deal. 'Unite ? I laughed so much the mouthful of frogs' legs I was eating ended up dancing all over the bald head of the bloke on the opposite table.'
this thread.
I liked a video What Happens if MPs Reject May's Brexit Deal? - Brexit Explained
The headline sums it up. It's even ironic. Kudos to the FT
...lower than low
Looks like doing everything short of selling indulgences to try to get her dodgy #brexit deal through, if the #uk is being deliberately made poorer how can any deal be justified?
The Court of Justice of the EU is an imperial court, not an impartial court – it should not have post-#Brexit jurisdiction in the UK via #CJEU #VoteDownTheDeal
How much did you sell the Royal Mail for and didn't you prop up David Cameron's government? You know David who organised the Brexit vote. Beat it to the HOL with your stoat coat and gies peace
They're still getting away with playing fast &amp; loose. As with the leave campaign, not giving all the facts. So MP's can make a informed choice.
Brexit is about to cost 100 billion according to the London School of economics. We didn't vote for a share of that either.
In on the floor omg this is too much&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
Think I’d prefer that instead of #brexit
"AnonUKRadio Bootiful acoooostics! #PoliceBrutality #OpSafeWinter #Brexit" by via #spreaker
#Portillo is right on No Deal #Brexit is simply Brexit rebranded by the frothing toxic Remain brigade that have been the deadweight that have brought us to this point. So, Remainers, I thank you for your efforts as your sad meddling will deliver the real thing.
Bribery and corruption? Surely not,! Would you really go to these lengths to get your dreadful deal through? It won't save your party at the next GE! How Downing Street is planning to bribe Tory MPs to back the Brexit deal
Michael Gove Unleashed As May’s ‘Secret Weapon’ In Bid To Sell Brexit Deal To Tory MPs | HuffPost UK
Quite some irony that Corbyn, a life-long ally of Sinn Fein, won't deliver on the one thing they actually need from him
Brexit: Theresa May denies 'rolling over' on deal
News International: U.K. and EU Leaders Clinch Brexit Divorce Terms; Children of North Korean Mothers Find More Hardship in the South; Migrants in Tijuana Run to U.S. Border, but Fall Back in Face of Tear Gas Via
What struck me as was visiting Wales &amp; NI? She didn't seem to be listening to the people she spoke to.
That’s a few people in Birmingham city centre Chris! That’s not Birmingham! All of the people should be given a #peoplesvote on a deal which is not what either the 52% or the 48% voted for. I’m not bored of Brexit but exasperated by it!
Most people who were follow farage support brexit was giving him abuse on Twitter
A key broken promise from a broken woman of very mediocre ability. False promises are the Brexit disease, and Mrs May is the lead carrier. Now she’s trying to convince the country that a scrap of paper with some doodlings about trade is a full-scale trade agreement! #newsnight
“ack in the committee, Wollaston asks Hancock to confirm that, after Brexit, the UK will just have observer status with the European Medicines Agency. That is a significant downgrade. Hancock says he is determined to ensure that does not lead to additi…”
So let me get this right. Anarchists support the hyper centralised EU plan? Am I missing something?
Peak chaos hasn't been reached if we're not even to Brexit and the southern debt crisis popping.
The same bank of England who made all those incorrect forecasts prior to the referendum? Take it with a pinch of salt.
Brexit chaos, smoke and mirrors. Democracy, inaction. #PeoplesVote.
This old Fry and Laurie sketch is going viral because it basically sums up Brexit The Poke #StopTheMadness
Also you mention Salvini and Orban who are probably very happy about Brexit happening. What does that tell you?
Selling her brexit deal , ?
It's a debate on the Withdrawal Agreement that is to be put to parliament, it's not about deal, no deal, Brexit or no Brexit, hence it's not stupid at all, it just doesn't suit your wishes/demands/expectations
The Maybot is heading to Scotland to find support for her deal. I’d say she is floundering more than a Salmon or a Sturgeon! #maybot #BrexitChaos #scotland #peoplesvote #sturgeon
Very well deserved Carole Cadwalladr wins Foreign Press award for Trump and Brexit work | Media | The Guardian
do you really think the tories or government are watching.. all it is , is f Brexit to care about our #School s
Frankly,amidst the Brexit farce, I love it all. Landseer’s Monarch of the Glen review – as artistic as tartan trousers
u have betrayed all brexit voters i will never vote tory again
This response to Theresa May’s letter has gone viral
Just had to apologise to my dinner table for Brexit since they’re all from different countries in the EU, thanks
Let's stop all this Brexit nonsense and start a bloody good war, brrrrr. That'll bring us together. It's what we British do!
‘What is brexit?’
"[In the Parliamentary countries] the real business of “state” is performed behind the scenes &amp; is carried on by the departments, chancelleries, &amp; General Staffs. Parliament is given up to talk for the special purpose of fooling the "common people"."
Yeah...people are buying more before Brexit kicks in and it gets more expensive to buy from Britain. Seriously...think for once.
I’ve heard Mr Blobby is her choreographer.
Whether it's under May, Corbyn or their fellow Brexiteers in UKIP, Brexit is fascist to the core. Eff being part of Little England's regressive isolationist nasty nazi project.
How’s brexit to blame for a little shit thinking he’s hard in front of his mates?
New currency - jam roly poly! Might need to after bloody Brexit! #imacelebrity2018
Can roly-poly’s be the new currency after brexit? #imaceleb
At last someone who understands FPTP. A party doesn't have to win seats to have influence. UKIP had influence originally because the Tories worried it would take their votes, allowing Labour to win their seats.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Brexit!! Whilst the Tory’s commit mass murder of the disabled. Multiple sclerosis sufferers cruelly treated by DWP and WCA.
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
It's bad.
Hilarious... There's literally nothing he wouldn't do for a sniff of power!
You're going to lose that Brexit Vote, girl. #BeatlesSongsForMillennials
And was - until Brexit -the 6th richest country in the world!
Michael Gove Unleashed As May’s ‘Secret Weapon’ In Bid To Sell Brexit Deal To Tory MPs. It’s the Goon show being led by Bluebottle.
We need to get rid of her
#EU is a #disaster area. Foget the nice romantic drama #movies from the 1960's #Paris #France made by #Hollywood , now it's a no go zone. Exit EU #Brexit #Swexit
Can we have this for any Brexit Debate, please?
The operative sentence ‘until permitted to leave by the EU’!
Norwich party leaders could press MPs for #Brexit vote
Of course, if #Brexit happens, we'll be able to go back to all that caper... #ruiningourchildrensfutures
Quite right , I’ve never seen such a conceited comment. Of course it meant spend £350m on the NHS. My biggest regret is how long it’s going to take to heal our nation after this Brexit disaster ends.
What to expect from a no-deal Brexit
"Fuck the Stories!" ... or at least I think that's what he said when he was drunk in a field with a bunch of middle class students at 'Glasto'.
Money simply can’t be the motivation behind Brexit. It’s financially hopeless. So it must be about foreigners, and thinking you can’t get a parking space at the supermarket any more.
What's next for Brexit? Countdown for May's deal as PM fights for political life
The same respect and dignity that you extended to our fellow #EU Scottish residents in the days following this undignified and sure to be catastrophic, #Brexit referendum.
Do your thing
is it really what you want?
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
Interesting thought this. Avoids Labour alienating 52% of the electorate, and also helps Nicola Sturgeon maneuver towards a second Scottish referendum post-Brexit.
It takes between 50 to 100 years before historians really get a grip on a politicians worth - unfortunately most of us will be dead by then but I propose to leave a journal to local historical society giving them my first -hand view of May &amp; Brexit.
This Brexit thing is getting boring and the PM has gone on a trip around the country. I want Dreamies. #runaway #Brexit #BrexitAgreement #dreamies #CatsOfTwitter
It's the act of a bully, I know this sort of thing happened to me in school, the kid could be Syrian or English or just different, to a bully it dont matter and he's too thick to know what Brexit is
What other reason could there be?
#USD Inches Higher as Sterling Slumps on Brexit Angst - #USDCAD, meanwhile, rose 0.36% to C$1.3304, as falling #oilprices continued to weigh on the #loonie.
Andrew, are you seriously that ignorant? Or do you have an ulterior motive? Because on Brexit you have a giant blind spot.
Brexit: Theresa May denies 'rolling over' on deal - I’m no fan of the DUP but fuck me have they hit the nail on the head
#TheHuntingoftheSnark is also an excellent metaphor for #Brexit An incompetent crew in search of an impossible creature
I hope the Maybot explained the tangible benefits of #Brexit to those she spoke to. I can't see any myself #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit #MoreCertainThanMaysDeal
A hope is lost ... EU court rejects citizens' anti-Brexit case
Headline: Teresa May ate my Brexit
There are bigger stories than BrExit going on in the world.
This. Russia is quickly consolidating its power in and around the Black sea. The timing is perfect for Putin, since US under Trump is basically an ally of Russia and UK is currently battling its own issues @ brexit.
18 months ago, when people were allowed to vote in the general election, we had no TV debate between May and Corbyn. Now they’ll have a TV debate about the Brexit deal, something only MPs can vote on. A TV debate only makes sense if the People get to vote.
Lying, deceitful Tories.
Says a Guardian columnist...
Stop Brexit Caroline. Let’s get back to being a good country. Not a shitty Brexity country.
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
But 2030 is the base point. In 2030 UK GDP will be 3.9% lower than if no Brexit. And in 2031 it will foreseeably be nearer 4.3% smaller and so on. Presumably 2030 was picked because of the £100bn figure.
Theresa May just admitted #Brexit can be stopped -- now let's make it happen!
Shit joke #BREXIT
Thinking all the money and time wasted on Brexit could be now being spent on our schools, hospitals and police #school
[Labour] "is pushing for a format that would allow the opposition leader to criticise the prime minister’s domestic policies" &lt;&lt; Corbyn will do absolutely anything to avoid attacking Brexit directly.
Stick it on a bus.
There is no Democracy under the Tories the most corrupt lot since I been alive. They managed to do more destruction than a small war. Let's get these Barstards out asap.
Theresa May was meant to properly implement the #Brexit deal. Former PM David Cameron left because he believed in staying in the EU. With the proposal by May, she seems like a proponent of that aswell. The will of the British people is at stake here.
Brexit: '...Here's how the Xmas meltdown could play out' #Brexit
It's not a deal and there never will be a deal. Intended is the Backstop, which will lead to full EU membership and full integration. Every MP knows that a vote for the WA is a vote to stop Brexit.
Quite simple. If the govt should adhere to their Manif commitments on Brexit, they should do the same on all Manif pledges such as social care. Which they won't do.
MAKING BREXIT WHAT 17,4 MILION VOTED FOR IS NOT MAYS DEAL IM SORRY BUT IT CLEARLY IS NOT NOBODY ASKED FOR US TO REMAIN IN THE EU DURING TRANSITIONS WHICH WIL HAPPEN BECAUSE NOPTHING HAS BEEN TRANSPORTED TO UK REGS OR LAWS AND IT WONT BE UNTILL 2022 STOP BLODDY LYING TO PEOPLE
piers morgan is worse than all of this brexit fuckery
" STOP #BREXIT " PETITION has STARTED TO SLOW DOWN IN THE LAST 24 HOURS despite passing 55,000 SIGNATURES in a very short time!!! WE NEED TO KEEP THIS GOING! Please SIGN &amp; REPEATEDLY ReTWEET as many people do not sign petitions on THEIR first sighting!
Is there anything describing Brexit better than this? #Brexit #EU #MontyPython #analogyonpoint
Whistle stop or what?
A backstop end date would make all the difference! #Brexit
Ever since the Chequers outrage I have become more and more certain that the only way forward is to be clear about leaving the EU completely and quickly. There won't be another chance, and if we don't a great many more than 52% will be desperate to leave in a few years. #Brexit
Why are you going round the uk when you have mps to do that or is that they no backbone to see the 17.4 million vote who you have let down resign please
Same, brexit is an absolute mess. I think everyone can agree on that. But id still rather brexit than a second referendum, which would be breaking the democratic right of anyone who previously voted
They will not thank you when we Brexit and those problems aren’t solved.
#EU President Jean-Claude #JunckerEU Admits: 'When it becomes serious, you have to lie' #Brexit #BrexitShambles
Unless it includes and /or it's not worth doing. Since TM &amp;JC are both pro-Brexit, it's only fair to balance the field, eh ? In fact please let do it. Thanks.
Raheem, any chance of you joining us? Perhaps even a RT? Join us on the 9th #BrexitBetrayalMarch #BrexitBetrayal #MayMustGo #MayMustGoNow #SackOlly
Today you went against parliament and refused to publish the full Brexit legal advice as you agreed. How can you expect anyone to support anything you say or do, you have just confirmed you can not be trusted.
But serial mistreatment of #JeremyCorbyn (your own unfounded comments on #antisemitism spring to mind as one of many libellous, cruel &amp; manure-tipped comments dumped on him) was fine? #TheresaMay is attacked for political incompetence, not for cynically fabricated faults.
Same can be said of the US, should California leave? Is the UK not irretrievably bust as well? The West is bankrupt &amp; it needs more collaboration not less. Post-brexit UK will need trade agreements, how long before achieving EU-equivalent benefits? Why not change the EU instead?
here here . . .
The #Brexit news May &amp; Corbyn don’t want the UK public and UK MPs to hear. The EU Council &amp; EU Commission have just confirmed they believe A50 is unilaterally revocable. Great work by &amp; team. Time for #PeoplesVote #FinalSay so we can #ExitFromBrexit &amp; #Remain
Well Parliament will struggle to stop No Deal Brexit if they vote down Theresa May's deal Luckily Gina Miller got Supreme Court to rule that Royal Prerogative couldn't be used to invoke Art50 thus it's in primary legislation and would require further primary legislation to revoke
I really can't see this happening. Jeremy might not be too unhappy if it passes (If it falls no Brexit becomes a real possibility and I'm sure he wants brexit). But his over-riding concern has been to try to force a general election, he has to whip to vote against.
And thanks to Brexit they can't even be 'processed' at Calais. Nice one Nige #StopBrexit
No. Since 2016: 1. Weve moved on. 2. We know more than we did when we voted. 3. two years worth of young people can vote who had no say then. 4. We know there won't be a good Brexit deal. But choice should be: Bad deal versus no deal versus no brexit.
She's such a great campaigner she nearly threw away the election. Now she's trying to throw away the country as well! Definition of insanity anyone?
Who is the real #NigelFarage... and why won't he answer questions? Trump... Russian TV... key witnesses in Robert Mueller’s investigation. The jokey ‘bloke with a pint’ now has a network that spreads well beyond the UK... #Brexit
Agreed. Brexit has really messed with everyone's heads. Especially after years of austerity and attempts from the media trying to divide everyone generally anyway.
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
As the EU never controlled us how on Earth we can think about handing them this level of control... when “taking back control” however imaginary was top of the list for Brexit.... everyone should want a #peoplesvote..
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
funny how the PM is turning up the volume and flooding her channels and media outlets with positive advertising and endorsements for her deal. We see through it, it won’t work. Your deal is awful!! No Deal #Brexit
No it doesn’t!! You are still lying!!!!
If missed...
Trump’s Brexit bomb is a brutal reminder that May’s work has barely started
But the uk is going to be a lot poorer
Anything this Lady does is Tarnished. She can not be trusted This will be all orchestrated, another staged event. We do want stability however not at any price. #WeAreNotStupid
Bored with #Brexitshambles? share the misery of ’s latest #EmissionsGap report (which is much more important and alarming)
Is that why he won't stop brexit? #PeoplesVote
We could launch a time travelling Voyager probe with a plaque with a message in the spirit of Carl Sagan, that plays Abba- Dancing Queen, shows a photo of a gurning #TheresaMay and a hand gestured "wanker" sign with the word #Brexit under it would do the trick.
And in a parallel universe....
To be fair, May has been ‘wasting time’ and indulging in ‘propaganda’ ever since she unnecessarily triggered Article 50. It’s a bit strange that Arlene Foster is only cottoning on to that now. #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Boris Johnson has demanding that someone who campaigned for Brexit should also take part in a TV debate.
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
The Brexit Void Legal Case, will be heard on the 7th of December 2018... A full hearing and a ruling, within weeks, is the predicted Time Line, in the Brexit Corruption matter..... Theresa May, you refused to order an Investigation, Remember That.... No Brexit
Brilliant response to TM letter
Looking in the wrong direction. We all know that no deal is worse economically than any other form of #Brexit but all forms are worse for UK prosperity than Remaining. That's what everyone needs to focus on. #notbuyingit #Peoplesvote #BrexitReality
UK PM’s close ally frustrated with Brexit deal, calls it a ‘gamble’
I disagree I don’t think he has it in him couldn’t see him rallying the support but I’m not on the in circles so I wouldn’t know. they need a Phoenix from the ashes take on but the countries turned already we want change to more than just Tory Brexit
The reality is that Leave voters were encouraged to exit EU by fair means&amp; foul so it’s hardly surprising that most of them have had enough talk&amp; just want to leave by whatever deal is put to them ie WA.
Jacob Rees-Mogg: "Theresa May's Brexit argument is childish" | Julia Har...
Addressing that is the first priority but how will a Brexit Labour be elected and what good could it possibly do outside the EU?
Don’t forget has done bugger all on Brexit but spent the biggest part of this year running afterwards the glory dwarf TR !. But hay ho another UKIP MEP resigned today because of TR &amp; Batten love affair !.
#Italy was prepared to cut its deficit target followed by contradictive reports, w/ indicating no budget revision to be sent to #EU &amp; #TheresaMay's #Brexit plan continues to draw criticism leading to waves of weakness in EUR/USD &amp; GBP/USD:
Whose bright idea is this? Don't tell me...
Power mad, they aren't interested in the people they are interested in seeking power
Here is the sickness has just been collard and as always it hides in the name of religion 4the sick Vicar just declared that let other just do your thinking 4u But what this sick shit failed to declare is that those people he titled knowledgeable all hate u #brexit #jc #marr
None! They all turned off, tuned out, drifted off, straight after the #brexit #Referendum vote!
Can doesn't mean should or will. Or that there is a plan if they did. Chaos should not be celebrated. I'm quite disappointed in the whole of Parliament. Instead of coming together 2 years ago to try to solve the problem of Brexit, they've created a bigger one.
I'm Dutch. Can I watch too? You know, with Brexit and all?
I believe that Brexit is a mistake for the UK but I wouldn't turn to a Hugo, never mind the son of a former Thatcherite government minister who was exposed as corrupt, to tell me why. Nor do I believe that Blair and Co are suddenly good guys because they are against Brexit.
But Brexshitters keep telling us one of the benefits of a no deal Brexit is cheaper clothes?
Stopping Brexit, but you want a hard Brexit and people to suffer so Labour can get into power.
excellent repost form the one of my favourite comedians and broadcasters Mike Harding SHARE THIS OUT
It's not a TV game show. Farage isn't an MP, or even a member of a political party. The debate is between the leaders of the only two parties capable of delivering Brexit. Anything else is a distraction and hardly helpful to the electorate.
Yet you are prepared to let us get poorer by supporting #Brexit. Your words become more and more hollow.
Id wager the Tories had the EU ref to kill off ukip. Ukips dead, so if that was the reason they really will not leave the EU. They've got a plan and it ain't brexit
But we have all that already. What benefits will Brexit bring to Irish Border? In your imagination!
Let's thank racist Britian, UKIP, Brexit and Tommy Robinson for their hate speeches. This is the result.
Word is there are already 14 different "My Brexit Memoirs" in draft, 26 years of "History of Brexit" Thesis work in final stages of funding application, 2 executions for Treason, and at least 50 years work for Interpol. RIP Conservative and Unionist Party.
No. There isnt going to be a #Brexit dividend. Just be bloody honest. Unless you think that might harm your case... #ribblevalley #nigelmp
May embarks on #Brexit roadshow
#brexit referendum was not FPTP. If you had a clue how the #eu actually worked, you would know MEP's are legislatively powerless. They cannot make or amend ANY laws. They have less power than a Peer sitting in HoL #brexit
The United Kingdom will “split apart” because of the pressures of Brexit
More fake news from mainstream journalists trying to influence Brexit via
Think you know where you stand on Brexit? Take the quiz to find out:
Somethings not quite right otherwise they would have no reason not to publish legal papers How can you have a Meaningful Vote ***Without Being Able To Read Legal Advice On Brexit***
What happened to procedure constitution and law. Oh forgot this is UK we have none of these. #dissolvetheunion
No one is disrespecting expats, this was yet another plot to get Brexit overturned, they were being used as pawns. If anything he people bringing the case were the ones disrespecting.
Interesting hypothesis
GB 4 all it’s past cruelty, literally will have to go through hell to come out of this self inflicted political vulgarity. They want Scotland &amp; Ireland to be with them but when it comes to BREXIT only they want to decide, how barbaric 4a Democratic Nation
LISTEN &amp; LEARN - THEN SHUT YOUR UNINTELLIGENT MOUTH - #Parrot
Well said. That's why Starmer, Watson, Cooper and Benn are all supporting his Brexit stance. They know he's happy to hold fire even against constant #FBPE abuse until the right time.
Could you not also argue that if she didn't protect the interests of the Scottish people by accepting the IndyRef2 offer, and ended up with a fudged Brexit disproportionately penalising Scotland (as opposed to NI), with IndyRef2 kicked down the road, she'd also lose votes?
BBC News - Brexit: Theresa May denies 'rolling over' on deal
We could have been in on this. Sadly there's too much cash invested in London property for a post-Brexit UK version.
I swear to God, if it actually turns out May’s the person who was actually playing the “long game”/“3-D chess” over Brexit and got Britain into remaining in the EU then I’ll bare my arse in Burton’s shop window.
Only two reasons why May would want to debate Corbyn on her Brexit Deal: 1) She knows it is almost certainly dead, so she has nothing to lose and this is a last desperate roll of the dice. 2) She wants to scare her MPs by reminding them that Corbyn is Prime Minister in waiting.
A Westminster morning. I'm sure there's a metaphor about Brexit gloom but I haven't got the energy to think of it.
The Labour voters I talk to haven't quite caught on to the fact that the party isn't opposing Brexit in any meaningful way. The calculations of the current Labour leadership sicken me when I think of what is at stake.
Doing it in style as always! #brexit #noair #nowater #nofood
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Boom
Worrying, this guy wants to be our Prime Minister and take us out of the EU. Feeling confident? #BrexitShambles #Brexit
Paul any chance of you joining us? Perhaps even a RT? Join us on the 9th #BrexitBetrayalMarch #BrexitBetrayal #MayMustGo #MayMustGoNow #SackOlly
Pity for the PM: Theresa May starts to sell her Brexit deal around the UK. “She’s some boy, still fighting her corner. You have to respect her for what she’s doing”.
Brexit Reversal! EU debates the option.
. let's keep BREXIT simple. This analogy explains your #EUWithdrawalAgreement or #EUSurrenderAgreement.
I think you all need to look after your kids and homes to much time to tweet lol in an ideal world I'd give no time to any part of society that spreads hate and to really drive this point home get a job ffs let people live there own lives and ps brexit passport revoked
Theresa May is expected to visit Glasgow tomorrow afternoon to sell her Brexit plan to Scotland
I thought she had to ask PM/ W’minster if Scotland could have 1? Last time after Brexit vote TM said no.
Immigration plans might not be published before Brexit vote #migration #population
..and besides and are really just feartie. That's the reason they don't want to have there. That, and by platforming two versions of Brexit, it's a strategic mechanism for #May to ensure the narrative remains #Brexit &amp; not it's reversal.
I prefer "Backing Britain not Brexit".
[two weeks after no deal Brexit, whilst drinking water rectally] “weird how we all knew we were voting for this”
The hounds of Brexit. Teenagers pick up the bully fascism from adults and bigoted leaders.
Sorry. But no you don’t. A50 can only be revoked on terms agreed by EComm and EU27. Leaving is automatic unless they decide otherwise. Your mate Guy confirms this.
Brexit Britain. We have lost a 100 years of culture in a few months. Whatever happened to tolerance? Whatever happened to supporting the underdog.
And Labour also playing politics with #brexit JC wants Brexit Labour members want #peoplesvote so as always...members ignored Gov study shows brexit avg cost £2k per household Thats an average ! Doesnt mean each 2k worse but means many will lose their jobs some wont.
BLAH ,BLAH, BLAH Theresa May has hit back at Donald Trump's claim that the Brexit deal could prevent the UK trading with the US. On Monday, the US president said the agreement "sounds like a great deal for the EU" and that the UK "may not be able to...
Jonathan saying what the British public should be thinking! Fuck Piers Morgan
More fake news from mainstream journalists trying to influence Brexit
Which way is your MP likely to vote on Theresa May’s #Brexit deal? Find out here:
This is what #Brexit has done to the UK - Experts are derided &amp; undermined - Democratic institutions are attacked - Lies become acceptable - Parliament is ignored &amp; bypassed - the government goes to court to obscure legal options for MPs Who voted for this?
If this is true that's me done with Corbyn's labour. For him, it's just a power grab - not interested in what's best
Corbyn's no better; he &amp; Farage were the first to demand the immediate invocation of Article 50 the day after the referendum. Brexit is fascist to the core - Tommy Robinson's used it since day 1 to rally support, eff being part of that under TweedleCon, TweedleLab or TweedleUKIP.
Theresa May hits back at Donald Trump as she begins bid to sell Brexit deal
Could tomorrow you visit Outer Mongolia and for everyone’s sake, stay there? Ta
David De Gea could save the UK from Brexit...
Too right I’m a sore loser. The ‘benefits’ mis-sold were delusional. The election was corrupted. Economic assessment studies suppressed. My family’s right to live in 27 countries stolen. All because Brexit falsely associates stagnant real incomes with immigration. Sore indeed!
This debate if it takes place between Corbyn &amp; May will be a disaster as they will face no real challenge on the disastrous Brexit position, we need a spokesperson for REMAIN such as Sturgeon &amp; Cable . Otherwise it will be a non event and voters will not forget there failure
The deficit in our finances is a consequence of #Brexit, not imposed as a punishment, yet it could all have been handled so differently. Losing our national sense of entitlement would certainly have helped.
The deal on offer is not a moderate deal, its a deal that has the EU still involved in too many aspects of our decisions and laws The Whole point of Brexit is for US to take back control then the EU will have NO jurisdiction over what WE do! This is an awful deal #MayOut
Basically no debate then seeing as they both want brexit, what a bore.
Does Nicola Sturgeon not know the basic facts known to every one of her own followers? If not why not??!!! The UK will be the richest country in the world when the secret giant oil fields surrounding the UK become known.and .nobody will ever be poorer...ever!!
Poor Michael hasn't realised that an indy Scotland in the EU would be trading with the remains of the UK on the same basis as the rest of the EU! (Unless he is advocating a Rule Brittania no deal brexit)
POLL Are you surprised by the current chaotic state of Brexit? Please RT!
This is what happens when tories swap a remainer for a remainer. Dumbasses. Should have been sorted ages ago. Incompetent tories and govt. May made a bollocks of the GE and now brexit. Tories really are masochistic..
Except that is said in the article, not what is said in Lammy's tweet. The base point or not is irrelevant to the fact that he said "Brexit will make GDP shrink by 3.9% annually" and annually is a yearly change.
Devs label Brexit 'a dire threat' to UK #gamedev industry in open letter
Jesus, imagine having to rely on Gove for anything, certainly shows the state the Brexit ' plan ' is in? Will he be able to shift his focus, even slightly, away from his own future to do anything?
It is no accident This is a Tory tick list Always remember we by rights should now be under a Maybot Govt with about a 130 seat majority, the LP Gone/finished and any Brexit she sees fit to give us, people forget this, Corbyn saved this Countries ARSE #MayMustGo #PeoplesVote
Have you seen how our government are behaving the lies have hit 11, have you seen the state of the country. Brexit has opened our eyes to the deliberate neglect. We need a unity government now to guide us out of this mess.
United are almost as bad as Labour's Brexit policy.
Remind me again as I seem to have forgotten, what exactly do we have to get done at #Westminster level that we couldn’t do either in #Scotland or in #Europe? Scotland said no to #Brexit nonsense, I remain, proudly #Scottish and #European #YouYesyet? #Indyref2
Given how much of a disaster #brexit is going to be, jam rolly polly might become the new UK currency. might be the richest guy is n the country.
You undermined TWO brexit secreteries and chose to follow Olly Robbins and so shall you fall.
Anyone with an ounce of sense will know the claim doesn't sit right, spend 2 minutes on Google, find that data, see the trend and realise anyone spewing this as a Brexit justification is another crackpot Leave supporter spouting either ignorant or deliberately misleading stats.
I wish David De Gea was our last line of defence against Brexit
Liars liars liars!
This response to Theresa May’s letter has gone viral
Please explain how Labour can boast about undermining austerity yet are powerless to counter Brexit? Yes Tories have create huge poverty yet they are still ahead in the polls, why is that?
Ever forcast by the bank of england has so far been wrong on brexit why should we listen now
HOMELESSNESS TREBLED IN WESTMINSTER IN LAST 3 YEARS WHO CARES? Obviously THE TORIES DON'T Thanks to austerity #theresamay#brexit
Donald Trump 'is wrong' about Brexit deal stopping US trade, says May's deputy via
Brexit concerns fail to affect Easyjet
TM: #Brexit means Brexit means Brexit means Brexit means Brexit means Brexit means Brexit means Brexit means Brexit means Brexit means Brexit means Brexit means Brexit means Brexit means Brexit means Brexit means Brexit means Brexit means Brexit means Brexit means Brexit...
She's delivering exactly what was voted for. A terrible deal (but the best available). No one could have got anything other than what she has obtained. If you disagree you're deluded and living in cloud Brexit
Especially, why pitch two brexiteers against each other, when b ot campaigned for Remain in 2016, though Corbyn seemed half-hearted about it.
Is it a competition to come up with most lame excuses for staying I EU
Otherwise it is a waste of time and a mutual back rubbing fest! Nauseating at best.
So if this is revoked by ECJ then 5k plus will thwart th 17.5 mil who voted out!
How are we not rioting in the streets at this point?
“The GPA is an agreement among 46 WTO members that allows them to bid for government contracts for the provision of goods, services or construction in each others' countries. Members include the US, the European Union and Japan”
#Brexit: ‘Politically illiterate’ to expect Sinn Fein MPs to save May deal, says Mary Lou?
Who put 50p in Jimmy Krankie?
If abstain in the Brexit deal vote , I will never vote labour again. I know that don’t care about my single vote but just imagine if every dissatisfied supporter did the same. Please retweet
as an American? relatable. the day Brexit went to a vote I got in an argument with some white American dudes who legitimately thought it would be undemocratic to have a second vote about rejoining. what a mess.
May hits back at Trump and justifies Brexit deal..
Man after my own heart
Oh no it doesn't. Please resign
Choice supportive bias? Did #Brexit just get into this discussio? #digiblogchat
I just demanded that the broadcasters promise fair representation in the TV Brexit debates. I think the public should hear from anti-Brexit voices as well as Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn. Add your name to 's petition:
Investors Prepare for Another Brexit Surprise
If abstain in the Brexit deal vote , I will never vote labour again. I know that don’t care about my single vote but just imagine if every dissatisfied supporter did the same. Please retweet
which hugely implies their whole organisation did. You got busted. As for outsourcing to India - that’s not a new thing. If it were brexit, businesses would moving to the EU.
Alice in Wonderland has nothing on Brexit &gt;&gt; Immigration plans might not be published before Brexit vote, says Javid
Don't normally retweet promoted stuff, but pressies for the #Brexit-ers in your life?
It’s embarrassing that somebody with your platform will try to blame this on brexit. You should be ashamed of yourself, using racist bullying as a political msg. Is there no level you lot won’t stoop to.
(3) here is a link to that interview entitled "Oslo thaws on UK joining EEA after Brexit". So why do you persist in saying something you know, or ought to know, is untrue. This fact may disturb your agenda but doesn't justify being dishonest.
Now we know how much trouble we're in........
1/4 This deal won’t go through, I hope to god anyway. It’s worse than remain and isn’t Brexit. It’s not respecting democracy. The only way out now is go to WTO which gives us leverage on the EU to get an FTA. EU’s ProjectFear has painted WTO as “cliff edge” and a disaster.....
Steve pops up everywhere...#Brexit
She can barely strike a deal in her own group room.
By blocking a peoples vote, he again is demonstrating his socialist/ communist dictatorship idealism
If you’re an Undertaker in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a catastrophe for you. If you live in the West Midlands then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this debacle! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
I complained to the BBC about a Brexit article which quoted Hammond, B Johnson and Foster (DUP). No mention of reaction from Labour, LibDems, Greens or SNP. They replied that they tried to be balanced but they couldn’t include everyone! Absurd bias.
We need to talk about Brexit. It’s such a bad idea.
Blame the parents not Brexit.
More fake news from mainstream journalists trying to influence Brexit &lt; You’d have thought they’d given up this stupidity by now
If abstain in the Brexit deal vote , I will never vote labour again. I know that don’t care about my single vote but just imagine if every dissatisfied supporter did the same. Please retweet
After Theresa May #blanked all questions on #PeoplesVote in Parliament yesterday, same vein of rejecting the idea of anyone being able to vote when informed by evidence continues as government block MPs accessing the impact assessments we voted for just a week ago
First NASA picture of the mission to Mars shows a well known British character, our very own campaigning against Brexit. His reach is tremendous! We shall certainly #StopBrexitSaveBritain with people like that speaking up for us.
Not true . See how they have controlled us since Brexit refetendum . Plus this
we don't need another vote to reject May's deal but we need a vote to judge Brexit now we can see the reality. So Remain as we are must be an option
This is appalling -and also heart breaking- on horribly wet cold nights like tonight’s, barely 25 miles away from my nice warm comfortable home. We need to continue to work closely with our French partners to help stop such dangerous exploitation and lock up those perpetrating it
now this is the cabinet we need to up hold the democratic choice
Jacob Rees-Mogg tells Julia Hartley-Brewer "Theresa May's Brexit argument is childish"
Immigration plans might not be published before Brexit vote, says Javid This is part of a blind brexit plan?
One more chance? May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
It's all well and good having his posh ticketed event on the 14th, but he would do well to stand with the people on the 9th Join us #BrexitBetrayalMarch #BrexitBetrayal #MayMustGo #MayMustGoNow #SackOlly
BBC News - Brexit court case 'could lead to disaster', EU lawyers warn
Somebody actually doing the sums, rather than soundbites, smarm and bs.
If abstain in the Brexit deal vote , I will never vote labour again. I know that don’t care about my single vote but just imagine if every dissatisfied supporter did the same. Please retweet
I used to have a great deal of respect for and held in particular regard. However recently 4 news has fallen into line with other media outlets and seems to be promoting brexit. Particularly disappointed at the unchallenged platform given to some.
Great evening thank you #brexitReady #lamagiadeConectar
. I am hoping as one of your constituents that you will do everything you can to stop this #Tory #Brexit. And that includes supporting a #PeoplesVote and withdrawing #A50 should get elected. #Labour membership and the country expect nothing less. Thank you
2/4 however this is not the case. WTO is the default trade arrangement on all forms of Brexit. Top 3 economies in the world trade with EU on WTO essentially. Look what happens when we remove EU tariffs on RoW imports.
If abstain in the Brexit deal vote , I will never vote labour again. I know that don’t care about my single vote but just imagine if every dissatisfied supporter did the same. Please retweet
The ERG.. surely we can trust them?
NIESR: Brexit deal loss to UK equal to Welsh GDP -
#ImACeleb fans will be FORCED to choose
He still hasn't said what the effect of brexit will be on the aerospace jobs around Gloucester! He also won't say how many new trade deals the UK has......
The Tory Brexit. All for party management reasons
If you could have done it better why didn’t you run for Prime Minister? You guys wanted the #UK to exit the European Union, but then leave the hard work to others. #Brexit #EU
were they even given a vote?
Allowing Britain to reverse Brexit without Brussels' permission could destroy EU, ECJ hears #Topbuzz
#Brexit nightmare ; realty check on the length of time it takes to complete trade agreements, Yes, Donald Trump is talking perfect sense on May’s Brexit deal
Naïve fuck! Corbyn just wants his chance to impose a chaotic Brexit. Where the fuck have you been?
You obviously can't see the simple, basic information the extended dataset is showing, and that's fantastic for us. So please, please, please carry on spreading this and driving people away from Brexit.
So if you're not in Brighton, still in England then a vote for the Lib Dems is the only rational choice in a 'no confidence' driven General Election.
I don't care. Unless there is a black swan event it won't get through parliament. She is doing this to get us to look in the other direction whilst something else is going on. brexit isn't the issue.
She’s collecting Nectar points on the fuel and snacks
! is a Manchurian candidate, he is leveraged by via - he wants #Brexit to happen for #Murdoch...
I’m with Katana, Brexit &amp; politicians in general are quite vexing enough for steam blowing, and speaking up.
We've a government hell-bent on Brexit, an opposition determined to help them, a national press that lies with impunity, and a state broadcaster that acts as the government's mouthpiece. AND STILL THEY MAKE A BABOON'S ARSE OF IT. Kick the #ToriesOut and #StopBrexit.
BBC Scotland’s political editor under fire after news report pokes fun at FM’s Brexit press conference
Want to learn more about brexit? Just follow she makes it all make sense #startingtogetit #finally
Has Lammy and Abbott been seen in the same room ?
This fantastic response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
You, listened, that's a lie,more like you dictated what you where going to do,who's paying you to destroy the UK May,I'm curious how much money it takes to bribe the PM of the UK to bring her own country to its knees,1% of 40 billion pounds is 400 million pounds,just sayin..
Wondering if you saw this CJEU ruling re: Brexit yesterday: . Case inadmissible as Council decision to open negotiations with UK after Art 50 notification was preparatory act &amp; did not acknowledge the UK’s exit from the EU.
Scottish govt infuriated that it's not being listened to or has proper meaningful role regarding Brexit. Welcome to Scotland where women aren't listened to, regarded as bigots when trying to maintain our rights.
If remain were to win. Would it be illegitimate for brexit voters to call for yet another referendum?
Wales AND Northern Ireland. In one day... Like your inaugural speech outside 10 Downing St was lies, your Brexit tour of the UK is nothing more than you lying more to us and avoiding listening.
Great event today- very interesting to discuss the correlation between Brexit and employment structure and explore whether Brexit was a protest vote. Lots of interesting ideas to think about!
ForexLive Asia FX news wrap: Trump comments on China, Brexit #Bitcoin #Btc #Cryptocurrency
Just checked his Facebook. He supports brexit, boris johnson and tommy robinson
Scotland will be £1,600 worse off per person due to Brexit deal
" – getting the deal over the line" (Letters ) Why should resign...but won't...
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
Why Switzerland is worried about UK trade after Brexit
What is Norway +? explains at 10pm and we ask a Norwegian MP for his verdict on this alternative Brexit plan.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Nothing to do with Brexit Liar
Good god, who writes these cringeworthy tweets? They need to be sacked for being economical with the truth !!
I just demanded that the broadcasters promise fair representation in the TV Brexit debates. I think the public should hear from anti-Brexit voices as well as Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn. Add your name to 's petition:
is a main driver of #Brexit. Watching the idiot at work in explains a lot. Fascinating view of our hard-working heroes trying to sort this utter sh*tfest they've been handed. Watch their faces closely ...
We can do it! Let’s go for it. Use the 39M Brexit divorce money on police and NHS. Average ambulance attendance seems to be over 2 hours. Spend what we hAve wisely. People are dying
I suppose there was plenty of bullshit at the agricultural show in Builth Wells too?
Is there anything that better describes Brexit? #analogyonpoint #Brexit #EU #MontyPython
But over Brexit Jeremy is not aligned with the members. And it's not an unimportant matter.
#TreasonMay strikes again. If something is anti democratic, anti free speech, anti Brit, anti Britain or anti #Brexit you can be pretty sure May will be doing it. need to get rid of or be eliminated as a political party the next time we have a vote.
Forgot they were not talking to Tory MP`s?
He’s being touted as the secret weapon to sell the PM’s Brexit deal. Think she’ll need more than that.
Guy on the radio had a pretty banging idea that effectively solves the brexit problem completely. Have England leave the union. Any of Scotland wales and Ireland that wanted to would still remain part of the U.K. and part of the EU. Is it possible?
Sad that an academic elite should be so self-serving in their strategy when they had the resources to debunk this nonsense. Trouble is they don't know how to engage.
Ever since the UK voted to leave the European Union in 2016, Switzerland has been carefully watching Brexit proceedings. The deal (or perhaps no deal) struck between the UK and the EU...
'I feel sorry for her': Newry reacts as May begins Brexit PR drive
If only De Gea could save Brexit #MUNYB
#Brexiteers opposing May's deal as they say it gives away UKs sovereignty. They need to make up their mind on which lie they wish to peddle. Either we have soverignty and should not give it the EU with this deal or we didnt have it and thus Brexit is needed to take back control!
Can we just call her “Calamity May” from now on #BrexitShambles #brexit #WithdrawlAgreement
Someone who has stayed true from the very start. #NigelFarage
The UK could rescind Article50 notification &amp; simply stay as we are. We would lise nothing. "The EU is prepared for a final deal with the United Kingdom ..." “We are also prepared for a no-deal scenario but of course we are best prepared for a no-Brexit scenario.”
Theresa May is a traitor.
Please note correction in my story "Outflows from UK-focused equity funds since Brexit vote hit $20bn" and not $1tn as before via
Scotland and Regards deserve to be heard.
Brexit is fucked. I agree with you there, we live in a democratic society, people had a say, didn’t like the answer, let’s do another one. It’s giving us remainers false hope. However, I would kind of like it if there’s a chance we pull out of brexit haha.
Theresa May hits back at billionaire cock end &amp; cheese-topped ultra helmet Donald Trump..
Margaret Reay (right) was delighted to introduce our speaker, Bryony Rest, who helped club members and guests consider the “enormous topic and moving target” which is Brexit and Human Rights. #OrangetheWorld
Brexit talk tommorow evening open to all Labour members
Great news. Let's do it!
Shes got a nerve !
The country has never been so united about Brexit in so far as being against Theresa’s deal. In her attempt to please all parties she has managed to displease both the Brexiteers and the Remainers. Quite an achievement really! #Brexit #DealOrNoDeal
The real deal was never for a female to lie to gain access to the countersuit of her lies its about the truth when the girl comes it will be noted that its not in the favor of the past to do so to keep abortion going I'm sorry but life is truly about not taking it for granted
When the USA tell small countries (like us because we are in comparison to them) who they can/can't trade with if they want to trade with USA..... That is the world outside of EU membership. Sovereignty gone. Free trade gone. No chance at anything like a good deal.... Brexit..
Opinion: Offering honours for Brexit votes is disgraceful – and it won’t work - How low can this PM go? Quite a bit. It will back-fire on her.
While #migration continues to define #Brexit discussions, British migration is ignored - Britons are cast as expats, not migrants. Join me to learn more about why I think understanding British migration history has never been more important.
Nah think that's just his hobby . Brexit is his life tapestry .
Unicorns, sunlit uplands, cake, blue passports. Fantastic! However............. Economy tanking, Irish border, disaster capitalism. Hmmm! Guess we know the truth here. Brexit is a hard right project, and will harm the majority whilst enriching the usual greedy bastard suspects.
No one believes the liars any more.
(Surely it does not come in a necessary package with austerity and Brexit! Not even necessarily with Marxism-Leninism either)
i mean, cool and stuff, but is there even any point wrangling over amendments when the entire deal is roundly rejectable by all and sundry? isn't this just masturbation at the end of the day?
You misunderstand my post, then. My issue is that there is no single, unique definition of Brexit commanding a majority of either Leave voters or MPs. You're all arguing what Brexit means, whilst Remain enjoy the benefit of a singular state - Remain Your mandate is undefined.
Red Ice Live #Israeli #NGO Helping Migrant Boats Reach Europe's Shores, Instructs Them Where to Go #Trump #MAGA #UKIP #Infowars #TommyRobinson #KalergiPlan #Soros #Rothschild #NWO #Lyon #Rashford #MUNYB #Brexit
Weston shaking his head #brexit
Surely no-one can see this as anything but an affront to democracy?
Forget it's about brexit. Forget that rather tired debate for one minute... Is anyone else just exhausted from trying to plow through the constant manipulation efforts by everyone with an ounce of power?!
I get you but #brexit is about the right to be a sovereign nation. In my world it doesn't get much bigger than that.
I voted against triggering Article 50 so my vote against Govt’s dodgy deal is no surprise. But useful explainer from
My guess is that this would be replicated in many other places - largely due to Brexit fatigue. Given the lack of enthusiasm in parliament, I do wonder if the PM is just a little bit tempted to ask the public to vote on it.
She just gets on with the job...of pissing about on a bus tour in her last remaining few weeks. Pathetic. #Brexit
Yes we are, just don't lie to the public or support Putin's brexit and we'll get on fine. The sensible majority have had enough. #StopBrexitSaveBritain
Very important summary of Brexit agreement. To actually have a long agreement signed off by EU and UK government is a huge achievement - whatever we may think about what is missing or needs changing (ideally).
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
Replies to this tweet provide strong evidence that the internet is not in fact full of cats, but of humourless, self-important wassocks.
#brexit the future will still be in pounds &amp; ounces: 5 decades of pregnant women in my career and we still don’t understand kilogrammed! #education #babies #metric thank you #QueenVictoria
Project Fear 3.0 courtesy of the plants will close if there is a #WTO #Brexit.
How am I supposed to disprove a negative? Mays deal will end free movement, as will crashing out without a deal. Unless you're saying Brexit will be reversed and we stay in the EU, or we're going to renegotiate the deal then free movement is ending.
Brilliant, well done and all associated with the story.
Here’s you budget chap confirming the loss of the rebate.
That’s why this country is going down the #brexit pan - morons who don’t give a flying f*ck about their future, their children’s future or the future of this once compassionate tolerant &amp; outward looking country now in the grip of bigots thugs &amp; disinterested fools
Pointless tuning in really? Corbyn, as the past #pmqs have demonstrated. Has shown Maybot for what she really is. Shown that can deliver a better more fair #Brexit for everybody. But the media won't say that. Nor the BBC.
The JC you thought he was would be vocal in support of public vote. Decades building the persona. That's why is so important.
Owen musters an army before he is brave enough to meet Tommy. Sad does not begin to express...
If we cannot Remain, I too am willing to take this softest of Brexit. Everyone talks, but no one else will really be able to manage anything better. Remain is the best option. But we also need unity at home.
What because you’re as independent as fuck all of a sudden? Give me a break.
The backstop was part of the assurances that won the Brexit Referendum. In order to have no collection of duties on the border, then the backstop and Brexit must be bound together.
Not everyone is feeling so sympathetic. She tried to appease Tory hardliners from the off, putting party unity ahead of national interest.
Lol. Manchester had done Brexit before tonight. They are not functional in Europe.
More fake news from mainstream journalists trying to influence Brexit | Pride's Purge Fed up of these fake news, scary tactics &amp; sensationalism. Get real! We want real news! These peeps are playing w/ our lives the same as the government. #StopTheMadness
Well ...do your job oppose!
surely your backbenchers can now act before the vote on the deal . Especially if labour are planning to abstain .
Why did you vote remain if #Brexit is going to be so good?
*thread* It was a joy watching this song reveal itself tweet by tweet today...
Worked in them all, and the mainstream media don’t like putting anti EU news out there, you know like our news channels got found guilty of during Brexit. But please feel free to carry on thinking that the EU is star spangled awesome (obviously you know who’s idea it really was?)
Ah yes, the paper that whips their readership up into an ill informed frenzy and gives us fucking #brexit cheers ya #pricks
Most of Wales aren't farmers, start-ups or traders. The Brexit deal bends the rest of us over for a radishing. What the majority wants is a #peoplesvote. And not to be radished
Mrs May is almost certain to lose her job #notstrongorstable
That’s what brexit is all about
#FBPE well Said. Labour has always been internationalist. Ot has to stand against Brexit.
We can expect a lot of those after Brexit.
Spot on...
What have they got to hide?
Fuckwit!
May heads to Scotland as Brexit deal founders in Westminster
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
European Court of Justice case: #Brexit court case 'could lead to disaster', #EU lawyers warn. #Article50 #UK
We have been warned: 'While parliament fiddles [over #Brexit] Europe burns ... History could not be clearer. The diversion of the Russo-Ukrainian conflict into the Sea of Azov is precisely the kind of escalation that has preceded Europe’s past cataclysms'.
This is the kind of country created by #Brexit It is the cowardice of #Tories that has allowed scum of the earth far right to flourish. Why? Because most #Tories are Racists. White supremacists
Why is #May hawking her #Brexit deal around the country if it's only MP's who can vote on it ?
This is what I call a Call-to-reminder sort of message in a hilarious and subtle way. Pls, laugh with me. . . . . from __funspot - #uk #brexit #europeanunion #london…
By hard brexit, I assume you mean leave? #projectfear #hyperbole
Not according to polling:
This kind of thing makes people frustrated too, Being lied to and people trying to pull the wool over your eyes is aggravating, don't you think? Do you think the Tories have been honest in all this? Brushing this off, as you do, is extremely patronising.
Control of the media by No 10 to exclude Nicola Sturgeon from debate on Brexit. Is this part of the Better Together approach? #Brexitdebate #UnequalUnion
Ah yes, the paper that whips their readership up into an ill informed frenzy and gives us fucking #brexit cheers ya #pricks
We told you so...but no you wouldn’t listen....how stupid. This is all part of the KARMA of #Brexit
Leaver Left Brexit argumt quite amusing. Pos isnt shared by wide Lv aud. Play immigration as wages inf but there's comp. little mig. To depressed areas to support this. Pos EU as neoliberalist but EU economies clrly more state orientated. Mirror image of popular Tory/Kipper pos?
If abstain in the Brexit deal vote , I will never vote labour again. I know that don’t care about my single vote but just imagine if every dissatisfied supporter did the same. Please retweet
In no time since this whole process started has offered a meaningful description of what Brexit means,how it can be achieved or what a deal should look like. Like most Brexiteers she has avoid detail because it’s too complicated and it would require some thought.
I liked a video May embarks on Brexit roadshow
I think he would rather die than allow a second vote. He wants Brexit. I hope labour MPs defy the whip on mass.
You helped a nation to get a referendum and right result but left politics directly after. You left Brexit and are part of the problem &amp; mess created as a result. You should have stayed in until it was completed. Now you say, you’ll return if we don’t get a Brexit. Too late!
Activists demand UK environment watchdog in Brexit trade deal – The Guardian
Migrants ‘rush to cross Channel by boat before Brexit’
Shan’t. It doesn’t bring control. Or certainty. Or £. Or free movement...or rights and on... #WontBackTheBrexitDeal
He's riding the brexit fallout with an agenda to get into number 10, that's for sure. May's betrayal of a brexit vote serves up a potential exodus of brexit voters to labour. The problem is he'll have to come down from the his 6 point fence at some point and commit.
Is this being organised by the MCB to demonstrate the numbers they can rally? Potentially 100s of thousands could be there, mobilised quickly through mosques. It's nothing to do with Brexit - it's designed to take on TR &amp; Batten - a clash of civilisations to assert dominance?
Always remember we by rights should now be under a Maybot Govt with about a 130 seat majority The LP Gone/Finished &amp; any Brexit she sees fit to give us People seem to forget this Corbyn saved this Countries ARSE #MayMustGo #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit #PMQs
If abstain in the Brexit deal vote , I will never vote labour again. I know that don’t care about my single vote but just imagine if every dissatisfied supporter did the same. Please retweet
'Brits aren’t STUPID!' Brexiteer brilliantly DISMANTLES no-deal Brexit scare stories
Did you say the ’Brexit deal brings certainty to them, and stability for everyone in the United Kingdom’.... think you’ve really over sold it to yourself now.....psst we are only at step one, are the stairs going up or down?
This is your #brexit dividend #uk - disgusting! empowers this with her crass statements. Hope this little shit gets his his comeuppance.
If they had been honest many more would have voted against a50 as they were entitled to and prevented Brexit at all. But no, “we respect the result” was the refrain; we will just sabotage negotiations and ask public to vote again. Don’t deserve to be MPs
I added a video to a playlist May embarks on Brexit roadshow
Theresa May is closer at sealing a Brexit deal than Lukaku was with his header.
Another reason for independence! For those who mock Welsh independence, wouldn't you take this opportunity to crush it in a live and open debate? The only and real opposition the government face isn't Labour. It's the potential and increasing possibility of a UK breakup!
This is Brexit Britain! A young Syrian refugee, having already witnessed untold suffering, is subjected to constant bullying. Irish people faced the same degradation in the past. Solidarity always.
I've made a donation I wish it could have been more. Please for Caroline and the Greens RT RT RT RT RT RT RT RT RT RT RT
She's fucked the useless twat.
Here is a scenario. 1.referendum votes Brexit again. 2.What is the plan now? 3.Referendum votes remain. 4.What is the plan?
The year is 2025: the UK is covered in the chemical and nuclear waste of all countries. Everyone is dead, except for a resolute Theresa May, who stands atop a pyramid of corpses declaring “This Brexit deal is the best deal for Britain”.
Well yes, wouldn’t you?
She can barely strike a deal with her own cabinet, let alone backbenchers, let alone the rest of the HoC, let alone the rest of the world.
Brexit has made this country vile....
Austerity is a choice - Brexit or no Brexit there’s no need for it
Trump doesnt NEED to talk to this HAG May! She sold out the UK nplus gave UE her dirty knickers as door prize!
Another BIG thank you to all those who voted LEAVE for Brexit (I don't think so!) Around 1,700 British fonctionnaires in France have been told they will lose their current jobs after Brexit because non-EU citizens...
The strategy is clear: Ignore Scotland. Scotland is expendable Scotland can be ignored
If abstain in the Brexit deal vote , I will never vote labour again. I know that don’t care about my single vote but just imagine if every dissatisfied supporter did the same. Please retweet
Agree. Lifelong Bennite Eurosceptic. He'd love Brexit and one the Tories get blamed for
#Brexit after the way a lot of UK gov and MPs have acted during this brexit process you have to ask yourself do we need MPs ? Do we want MPs ? There must be an alternative way to run a country.Why can't we have just UK ministers and take the party politics away ! I'd vote 4 that
If abstain in the Brexit deal vote , I will never vote labour again. I know that don’t care about my single vote but just imagine if every dissatisfied supporter did the same. Please retweet
Coz Tory's in parliament will support #Brexit
Nice one, #Brexit
I am Sick of watching PMs,MPs, Ignoring Laws Rules and Regulations, in order to Steamroller this through. KICK HER OUT and reform.
The only possible explanation, short of straight promises of bribes from the EU, is that May knows something bigger is coming; perhaps economic collapse, maybe something even more sinister. This is all theatre and she is committed to playing Lady Gruoch MacBeth. #Brexit
government is hiding all the facts that would cause MPs to recognise Brexit is political suicide. None but the exploiters want it anyway. But they could not vote knowing absolutely that legal advice shows it to be ludicrous. Brexit really is a con by the Cons.
BREXIT BOYS
Can't blame it all on BREXIT.. there's always been idiots around. And they usually get what's due to them.. karma
Bad move Jezza, choose the right thing now, don't just make a power grab, they can even go hand in hand, give the public all the options on #Brexit
BBC News - Brexit: Theresa May denies 'rolling over' on deal
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
No problemo may Cernunnos help you
Brexit means brexit
Absolute madness how brits think they can come crawling to us now. And none of this ex-pats bullshit, theyre immigrants. Bet most of them are the type to hate on the muslim immigrants too. Muslims in ireland are grand, i welcome them but the brits love causing nothing but trouble
European Court of Justice to give 'quick' verdict on whether #UK can reverse #Brexit on its own. #EU #Article50
In the past few months uncertainty slowing business , hopefully The #Brexit deal brings certainty for everyone #BackTheBrexitDeal
Fresh row looms as No 10 refuses to publish full Brexit legal advice
If #Brexit turns to #Brexshit then future generations won’t hesitate to rejoin the EU. A #PeoplesVote would save us from that. #StopBrexit #ExitBrexit #StopEconomicSuicide
Wow some really good news
It’s not #brexit
Westminster has a Conservative PM determined to deny the Parliament a clear judgement
And I can't also afford to do so after donating to African affairs with the lies he was telling it's about an orphan cause and he lies about that often the other fact money is huge when its sent over seas he lied about reimbursing people also
Once we #brexit this is all you'll have
Brexit Legacy
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
Short of nuking Oxford and Cambridge, our government could not have come up with a policy that could be more damaging to our universities than the no deal brexit we seem to be heading towards.
The public - via HoC disclosure - have a right to hear the legal advice that the Government received.
May and opposition leader agree to TV debate over Brexit without #VinceCable #NicolaSturgeon this is no debate
One of many issues discussed today in #SlovskSheffield public discussion on #Brexit implications
People Vote, Cares more about Brexit than the UN report etc.
So I have to to get one last assessment before I can be given the green light to get my surgery,, which I have to go to Germany or denmark for cause brexit is affer fucking what ever deal the gender clinic in Ireland had with England BUT
I voted YES. Should Nicola Sturgeon be involved in any televised Brexit debate? via
Looks like no- confidence and snap elections are in order for parliament BBC News - Reality Check: Is Trump right about the Brexit deal?
You too!
Brexit has actually meant the loss of crucial,funding to the area. I just wish she would be more honest.
The Cabinet is deeply split over the post Brexit immigration policy as at least three ministers demand Theresa May's axes a crackdown on low-skilled EU migrants.
Tories defy binding democratic Parliamentary vote in desperate attempt to hide “damning” Brexit legal advice via
Why can't we have a 'No deal' hard Brexit option?
Because the former Home Secretary legitimatised hate, and is now PM, openly using awful language and presiding over a Brexit driven by right wing racism. Just guessing.
Why the hell do farmers get such prominence? They seem to have a special status and must always be consulted. In this instance, Why not speak to bin collectors, social works, shop assistants, care staff.
‘Leave voters are changing their minds – let’s them give them a Final Say rather than a bad Brexit deal’
Nothing to do with Brexit, but it’s convenient to pin the label on the scum. Notice how many more kids just stood and watched.
If you push aside #Brexit you push aside democracy The only vote that can change things is a General Election
My fear is that a referendum will give us the choice between Deal or No Deal &amp; omit No Brexit. If that’s the case, I won’t be able to support either. I will not legitimise a decision between vassalage &amp; chaos
Please show proof of where he has ever said there was a Brexit dividend
I just can't get over the fact that in a 'UK' wide televised debate is not invited! It's so disrespectful. Some debate...against two brexit-eers.
And we need Eu (1/2) Trade between the US and the UK is worth £180bn and accounts for a fifth of all UK exports. We have more than a trillion dollars invested in each other’s economies. This is one of the most successful trade and investment relationships in the world .really !
Dear Prime Minister why have you refused to release full details of the legal advice re Brexit? What are you hiding from the country these actions are very concerning and don't gain the British people's trust.
Funny you’ve been rather quiet until now... ...wonder... ...is it the chance of TV?
I thought apologise generally begin "I am sorry...." but obviously i am mistaken it seems that "i shouldn't have used that language" now equates to the same.
Punters rate TMay’s chances of getting the #Brexit deal agreed by MPs this years at 14%
Take your brexit take your English parliament take your tory mps and get out of Scotland.
More fake news from mainstream journalists trying to influence Brexit
What is the actual point of you?
My daily brexit baiting quota has been reached. Night all.
A #brexit debate which doesn’t include representatives of full on Brexit and Remain is meaningless. Known crap deal vs. Mystery crap deal vs. Totally bloody psychotic deal vs. Common fucking sense is the only way to do it.
At least Sinn Fein will keep sign companies in business after Brexit,another day and another placard
412 MPs against: 226 MPs for May’s #Brexit Deal. report on expected voting in House of Commons on 11 Dec. IMHO, May will then try to form a Govt of National Unity, but will fail. Corbyn will back #peoplesvote &amp; so will #Parliament. And we #Remain
An open, honest and fairer society? All the old sound bites mean nothing!
He is terrifying...
I asked a Corbyn Supporter to back up their claim that Corbyn's Brexit is soft and that he wants to stay in THE Single Market and keep FoM. So thet blocked me! Well here is yet another video of Corbyn saying Labour are a hard Brexit party!
obviously organised fully equipped with life jackets .. staged for tv as 'A RESCUE' this wasnt undertaken by desperation, this is being facilitated...these people had help from the start
.... well unless we're in a #backstop that we can't extricate ourselves from without Dunker's, sorry, #Juncker's say so. And if we show any signs of making a success of #Brexit then the backstop is where they'll leave us to rot. This deal sucks. #VoteDownTheDeal
The Norway option sounds like an attractive Brexit compromise. It's just politically unworkable at the moment (via )
If you wish a simplistic form, Brexit means the treaties no longer apply, which May's deal accomplishes. But that doesn't seem to be enough for some Leave voters.
evil idiots. This is what Garage, Hopkins and #Brexit have legitimised
Seems fair comment on any who would go to such an event.
Brexit is the biggest issue in my lifetime. If we get this wrong the poor will suffer the hardest and for many generations. This is literally the issue to vote according to your conscience on. I hate the deal but l won't hate on Labour MPs doing what they believe is right.
Oh so you dont have it. Righttttt. Mabey idiots like you keeping shouting brexit racists this and brexit racists that is causing as much damage as the actual process of leaving the eu..
Man who had multiple affairs, was sacked twice for lying and was recorded arranging the beating up of a journalist has an opinion
The EU's top court today will deliberate whether the U.K. can unilaterally cancel Brexit once it is triggered, a decision some Remain campaigners think might give them an argument to reverse...
He’s going to save the PM’s Brexit deal. Apparently.
Jack, What is the constitutional position on a PM going rogue and dismissing parliamentary votes? Are there any ways for Parliament to enforce it's will?
Perhaps if it was t for the sound bytes, empty platitudes and today’s pro brexit article I would be happier for him to be so vocally involved. I’d rather it was hodgson or even freedman getting the mic-time
If abstain in the Brexit deal vote , I will never vote labour again. I know that don’t care about my single vote but just imagine if every dissatisfied supporter did the same. Please retweet
The latest The Da_ni_El Daily! Thanks to #nigeria #brexit
Prophecies which will, no doubt, assume no additional trade with the rest of the world in the event that we break out of the Customs Union, and no trade at all with the EU unless we stay in the Customs Union?
If abstain in the Brexit deal vote , I will never vote labour again. I know that don’t care about my single vote but just imagine if every dissatisfied supporter did the same. Please retweet
No difference from taking MP’s salary or the expenses- still paid by the British state. If you split hairs any finer than that, you’ll need a lot of Pantene. If SF want to have a say in what UK parliament does re Brexit, they’ll take their seats. If not, stop yakking about it
The latest Georgia Mom Evening Edition! Thanks to #geology #brexit
What a tragic state of educational affairs! So upsetting to see those students in most need , those most vulnerable, be shortchanged &amp; done a disservice. Shame on this #Tory regime #school #education and ut will onlg get worse thanks to #Brexit
This evening Spain taking in Lybian 40 refugees who came in raft... They were turned away by your Italian friends... Spain a modern, altruistic nation so different to your Brexit Britain ...
word of advice do not trust JC to act normally suspect he whips mps to abstain pushing brexit deal then no conf vote
If Theresa May wants to go on tour she should do what everyone else does, book some venues and sell some tickets. Let's see what people really think. #PeoplesVote
They did Brexit
#brexit the future will still be in pounds &amp; ounces: 6 decades of pregnant women in my career and we still don’t understand kilogrammes! #education #babies #metric thank you #QueenVictoria
It appears that Downing Street has resisted requests.
This is what I don’t understand about people’s problems with Theresa May. If you want a zany character as PM, vote for Lembit Opik; if you want someone to get a handle on 550 pages of Brexit regulation, don’t be surprised when they can’t condense it to 140 characters.
No more warehouses to stockpile food for no-deal Brexit 'because Amazon may have booked them up' #lbc #fbpe #libdems #conservatives #labour #plaidcymru #snp #ukip #abtv #waton #stupidbrexiteers #itvnews #bbcnews #c4news #5news #skynews #PeoplesVote #Brexit
That is not how GDPR works.
What really is criminal, is you resigning from UKIP.
Imperial is shite and that’s another reason Brexit is pump, coz gammons would get rid of glorious metric for this shite
Found the guy who keeps popping up in the back of #Brexit #PeoplesVote #Politics #Parliament
#Brexit means Brexit.
Brexit campaigns are telling adults to behave like this too
“Britain’s car industry has piled pressure on Theresa May with a demand for “frictionless” trading with Europe in the future, as it warns about the “catastrophic” consequences of leaving the EU without a deal.”
The will of the people has changed since the disastrous facts on what Brexit will actually mean have become clear to more and more people. Do you think giving everyone the right to vote in general elections and allowing them to change their mind then is different from a PV?
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral I case you haven’t seen this yet!
All I want for Christmas is for the Hollywood elite to destroy Piers Morgan’s career and all that he stands for
No. But do keep it up: it gives us something to laugh about.
A bit like Brexit , majority of models think leaving EU is very bad financially . Yet we seem to be going with the minority and their fingers crossed approach . It’s like backing a white Christmas in the summer !!
This is your Brexit . You both own this. You should be ashamed.
What will happen first? A #Brexit agreement or a penalty? #LUFC #Brexit
Given how much of a disaster #brexit is going to be, #jamrolypoly could become the next currency. will be a rich man!
"You can't be a serious political commentator if you also tweet about I'm a celebrity" Politics is so depressing I need to listen to Harry talk about reversing over his wife, okay? Sue me. #Brexit #Imaceleb
Tons of it. I can kill and eat people if i starve during Brexit but I’m not wiping my ass on them
Would like to see May and Corbyn put in front of a panel of Brexit journalists and industry heads . They can challenge the details of each leaders claims. May v Corbyn will just be a constant stream of empty phrases with no scrutiny applied.
Brexit is another wrong and it won't put anything right, it'll make things worse, irrespective of who negotiates it. #PeoplesVote
It doesn't settle brexit - it starts decades of further negotiations and division. I for one will never back anything started my illegality, lies and racism. I thought you were better than this, Nicky.
No Deal Brexit will wreck everything you value. #StopBrexitSaveBritain
Theres around a handfull of them. Tensions will be high so not a smart move...
Of course they are. Brexit or not, GDPR applies 100% so lets just hope that #ico acts (ping )
is our #Chippenham #MP not voting against this ridiculous #deal?
Like the Gramsci thing I posted earlier but more nuts
You say. FOM is ending. I say it isn't. I have read all the details. You haven't. You can prove a positive. Show me where, in the WA it says it will end. #brexit You are aware Immigration White Paper is being withheld until AFTER Commons vote?
What are you afraid off? Inconvenient truths? How about having an honest debate?#Brexit #BrexitChaos #BrexitShambles
A poor game but a 1-0 win with the only goal of the game scored by the only player on the pitch not signed by Steve Evans. Game was like watching Brexit - all huff and puff, unpopular and hard work #pufc
Trump’s Brexit bomb is a brutal reminder that May’s work has barely started | Gaby Hinsliff
This response to Theresa May’s letter has gone viral
Ha. No moaning about general life, but always the wankers who hide behind Brexit for their backwards views. Never Arsenal - enjoying it again!
NASA receives signal from Mars saying Brexit deal is shit
She’s travelling around the country attempting to convince the people of the merits of her deal, whilst also refusing to let the people have any say over the merits of her deal!?
Go now you are not worthy of public office.
And with whom exactly is she going to negotiate with, and precisely on whose behalf!! Her track record on negotiating isn't exactly positive.
#UK automotive firms warn of no-deal #Brexit catastrophe
Sick of #Brexit #peoplesvote it's the only cure
Where's the 6 weeks of the beast from the east we where promised or was the forecast of Russian snow just to take our minds off the brexit betrayal.
So why the fuck you agree to it?
I was there in London as hundreds of thousands of people marched. Not just against Brexit, but in favour of the EU.
No insulin? That’s me fucked then.
BBC News - Brexit: Theresa May denies 'rolling over' on deal Treason rollover
Are these opinions?
Brexit: Theresa May denies 'rolling over' on deal She gave everything apart from the interest x safety of the British people
"The problem with this deal is not the prime minister so much as Brexit itself. It is not that May won’t deliver on all the promises or fulfil all the expectations that were made for life outside the EU, it is that she can’t"
Well worth watching this — make a cuppa, it's about half an hour. #BrexitDeal
I said yes shocked cos it has been shocking. Expected it but no as bad. Then again what else could it have been. Only good thing has been the strength of the anti brexit people. The people who care
The worst possible result for the nation. Of course, such betrayal of #Brexit will make Labour as unelectable as Mrs May. After all, once the deal is ratified, they won't be able to alter or reverse it. We'll be in limbo for decades.
That is moronic and makes no sense whatsoever. A position invented solely to support Brexit, and one you have NO intention of supporting because if you did your position would be to open the borders to all and sundry immediately. What a fuckwit. Muted
. &amp; , the only possible reason for the PM to be trying to sell her #Brexit deal to the nation is so she is a few steps ahead for when it fails in the House of Commons and she calls a General Election rather than a #PeoplesVote. Which she will probably win.
A.M. Best Discusses What’s Ahead for# UK Insurers as Brexit Deadline Looms
Brexit: Deal 'allows people in NI to live their lives' || || || #Northern Island
Brexit is bound up with climate deniers/criminals. You need to realise this and fight against them.
The whole point about Brexit was to break away from the EU not march back in under EU terms .. Global vision is the Key .. this delivers governed by Europe ... you are selling it as Close to Europe ... when the Vision was clear "Global"
Who cares, they both want Brexit?
my MP ....
Theresa May is facing accusations of "rehashing Project Fear" after it emerged that Treasury forecasts show that Britain will be £150bn worse off under a no-deal Brexit.
Brexit Brexit Brexit whilst the Tory’s commit mass murder of the disabled and leave them without help
Lost all respect for the man, he turned his back after brexit and doesn't warrant a position in any debate.
Well, it is in the sense that we wouldn't be in the EU. But not in the sense that it would actually address any of the reasons people voted to leave the EU in the first place. The problems with it are listed here (ignore the People's Vote bit)
As Boring as it is, their MP had the begging bowl out. Does she not even think those figures are high. Probably not, she is more interested in Brexit than what goes on in Brighton
May v Corbyn on ANY subject OTHER THAN Brexit could be interesting, but Brexit is the one subject that both have entrenched non-societal reasons to support!
Fantastic Radcliffe Chambers #insolvency seminar this evening. I was a last minute Mercer &amp; Hole co-option to the panel, discussing #IP #professionalnegligence, #HMRC prefs, new moratorium and restructuring tools and #Brexit. Adrian Hyde for #R3, Tina Ky…
Wont be long. Establishment need bad things to happen for martial law and push their agenda further forward, islamaphobia law, internet ban, etc etc, we need new and different government in place and quick. Their pushing the boat out as we can see in may,s total denial in brexit.
Better politician that youshe wouldn’t allowed Brexit vote
Not the Norwegian but the Swedish model for post-Brexit:
I seem to remember pre Brexit referendum that you wrote an argument for and against leaving the EU. Then for your own political aims posted the leave argument. A cruddy Etonion does not speak for the majority of the people and Definately not for Scotland.
As of today, I am no longer a member of for personal and purely financial reasons. I will always support the party and #IndependenceForScotland, especially now that #Brexit is on the horizon. I will always remain a Liberal, European Scot.
#FBPE so is it going to be worth it. Brexit is more than about loosing money. It's about loosing touch with our European family.
I wonder if actually believes all the drivel written in his name #Brexit #Labour
My profile refers to surving cancer, often get told i will die if i support leave. I share the tweets with regional lead of head and neck and others, the NHS staff laugh their nuts of at the absurdity of suggesting Brexit wil cause any problems.
Brits living in EU...
Lately, I've seen enough disturbing shit going on in UK to know that Brexit is the least of their problems. Those cops need assault rifles.
The Tories played politics with it. The Tories are sending companies and jobs abroad with brexit. There's a lot of reasons to dislike Corbyn, but you're on a hiding to nothing with this one.
My thoughts on a #Brexit deal, no deal or somewhere in between right now.
So now the Remoaners are crowing about a getting rid of May and having a 2nd Referendum. This is so reminiscent of Vichy France in WWII. Grow a backbone you idiots. #Brexit #BrexietBetrayal #ChuckChequers
Theresa May's Brexit deal is doomed - Sir Michael Fallon One by One ;-)
European court to rule on whether article 50 can be reversed
More Daily Fail shite...
This was only shown on BBC NI as it was mainly about The DUP and brexit dark money, also throwing up the name Richard Cook and linking him to sales of scrap &amp; garbage exported on boats to Ukraine, as Jim Fitzpatrick investigates.
After previous recessions, the *level* of output usually got back close to trend. So a one-off cost. As graph shows, the financial crisis does *not* look like a one-off cost, but an ongoing one This is broadly similar to that we model for Brexit, although agree very uncertain!
Vicky, you lied about your #Brexit deal providing friction less trade. It doesn't outside of the #SingleMarket. It never will within an FTA. Once you accept the public's taxes for your wages and then lie to them you have no credibility left. #BrexitInquiry
PamyBot:~$#forex #fxDailyFX "#Italy was prepared to cut its deficit target followed by contradictive reports, w/matteosalvinimi indicating no budget revision to be sent to #EU &amp; #TheresaMay's #Brexit plan continues to draw criticism leading to waves …
Agree with everything except "WI harridans". My Mum, now 90, was Chairwoman for a whole county of Women's Institutes. She thinks Brexit is madness. Also, in WW2 she hated the V2 flying bombs and got strafed by a German fighter. Still thinks the EU is a good thing, though.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
May heads to Scotland as Brexit deal founders in Westminster
DUP leader on Brexit deal effect on Northern Ireland
It's a Brexit march why?
This is the last chance saloon to Bugger Brexit #buggerbrexit
Sometimes is best to stay quiet. Your party have taken the UK out of Europe and yet you claim to be bringinh the country together. Shame the tory party can't rise above and use democracy to hold a vote on truths, not the shambles brexit was voted on.
Taking back control and our laws etc. but for whom eh?
The Tories must go ... but so must Brexit. By its very nature it is a neocon construct. There is no such thing as a good Brexit and any deliverer of Brexit plays into the hands of the right wing power grabbers.
I think she’s trying to demonstration that she has done everything possible to deliver Brexit, which she will use in her defence later at the leadership challenge. I suspect that even she doesn’t think this is a good deal, just the best of a clearly impossible task
State of our Great Brexit Britain...
Another one. Supports #brexit. Retweets the BNP, opposes #hs2, goes on holiday to Thailand. Come out with bizarre stuff like this. Prisons? Really? There's a parody in here somewhere. No wonder #stophs2isdead!
As of today, I am no longer a member of for personal and financial reasons. I will always support the party and #IndependenceForScotland, especially now that #Brexit is on the horizon. I will always remain a Liberal, European Scot.
If abstain in the Brexit deal vote , I will never vote labour again. I know that don’t care about my single vote but just imagine if every dissatisfied supporter did the same. Please retweet
We voted brexit - their job is to deliver - we will starve, go without medicine, go without a deal - we want to leave - DexEU were given 10000 staff to prepare - after 3 years they have nothing to show
The reason for the objections is that: 1. The objectors know they could secure better quotas in a trade negotiation, and 2. They know the impact of Brexit is that we will all be much poorer, so won't be buying as much. So why give us good quotas they could allocate elsewhere?
A man who literally can't even clap convincingly.
No. Firstly technology can avoid a hard border see Lars Karlsson SmartBorders 2.1. Secondly, the Irish economy will be decimated by a chaotic brexit. You will be begging for a trade deal in the end. Spain might not be so keen though.
Quite right
Yeah. That's not at all suspicious. #Brexit
Three quarters of UK carmakers fear no-deal Brexit: SMMT Three quarters of businesses in Britain's automotive sector think leaving the European Union next year without a transition deal would hurt them, an industry survey showed on... via #india
'I have to say that everybody from David Cameron to half this panel say, "Wouldn't it be terrible if we were like Norway and Switzerland?" Really?They're rich. They're happy. They're self governing.' Nigel Farage, BBC QT 2013. Yet Norway is not an acceptable Brexit model, right?
HOW ABOUT UN report, NHS, Homeless, Universal Credit, Inflation, Crime, death of high street, small towns closing down, north south divide, environment/climate change, rich getting richer, 0 hour contracts etc ALL THE FXXKING AUSTERITY THAT CAUSED BREXIT VOTE IN FIRST PLACE!???!
Oh, and as for swallowing what you are told, you even repeat fallacious terms like 'crashing out with no deal'. You are aware of the process under Article 50? #brexit
This is horrible but sadly it’s what Brexit and Trump are allowing people to think is legitimate.
If abstain in the Brexit deal vote , I will never vote labour again. I know that don’t care about my single vote but just imagine if every dissatisfied supporter did the same. Please retweet
Brexit Bog Job:
I am so sorry, i thought we had silenced this cretin
Brexit supporter gimmick where.
May heads to Scotland as Brexit deal founders in Westminster
- are you on this ???
No - it's as dead as a dead parrot.
Posted...
Brexit in a nutshell
Typical. Threatening them have you forgotten how wealth you colleagues are so up yours
Junker has blamed Britain for a failed BRexit agreement. I think he never had any intention of compromise in any stage of the negotiations. If it were easy then other members may consider leaving. I believe he believe no agreements would mean we would crawl back into the web.
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
WTH is the point of this? Why don’t you meet ordinary individuals? Why selected audiences. You should have conducted a cross party Brexit group instead of being power greedy mimicking Thatcher...
It’s got nothing to do with brexit. Just a racist twat that was dragged up rather than brought up.
You said racist bullying is 100x more since brexit. I notice it’s such a pathetic comment you haven’t re-entered into the debate. Ps I voted leave. I work with troubled teens, 50% are foreign &amp; amazing. How’s that fall into your liberal lefty book of lies. ??
If abstain in the Brexit deal vote , I will never vote labour again. I know that don’t care about my single vote but just imagine if every dissatisfied supporter did the same. Please retweet
NASA receives signal from Mars saying Brexit deal is shit
I despair.
“Do we have to wait until Brexit does its worst? How many small nations had to wait on a neighbour state falling apart before declaring their independence? The historic tendency is to demand autonomy after years of colonial rule.”
Any answers Theresa May? #Brexit
De Gea could save the 'Brexit Deal' ...
We have a 70-year-old Brexit Pensioner set in his ways and running/ruining the Labour Party and UK :-(
Sincere thanks to and Prof Dougan for tonight’s talk ‘What price a Brexit deal’. Informative, even funny at times, but also extremely depressing &amp; has left me with an intense mixture of shame and anger. We must up the fight for a #PeoplesVote to stop this madness.
Blaming racism on Brexit is a very lazy argument.
Sort of hoping the Indy guy with the speakers who playing the Star Wars imperial March will be available tomorrow to welcome the PM to Glasgow #ForceAwakens
The latest The UKmedia Daily! Thanks to #brexit #ajopinion
'Brits aren’t STUPID!' Brexiteer brilliantly DISMANTLES no-deal Brexit scare stories
If abstain in the Brexit deal vote , I will never vote labour again. I know that don’t care about my single vote but just imagine if every dissatisfied supporter did the same. Please retweet
Every bit of pressure helps. May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Where would they start? Floods can make people homeless and trigger mental issues as can unemployment, disease, alcohol and drug abuse, domestic violence and even old age not to mention those born with health issues. Government is confused / distracted by the Brexit mandate.
'Brits aren’t STUPID!' Brexiteer brilliantly DISMANTLES no-deal Brexit scare stories -
Theresa May accused of 'dangerous' Brexit cover-up as she blocks full publication of legal advice on her deal via
Jo, Were it not for you and a handful of others we would all be kept in the dark as to our real infection control options by this zombie living dead government consumed beyond salvation by the toxic #Brexit virus. (Of course a lawyer can’t say that)
Trump! Brexit! Rising crime and low arrests! Escape from all this misery in a sexy noir thriller set in modern day Bath and Somerset, Design for Death. Guilty pleasures have never been so pleasurable!
Read, sign, then RT....!
And the case for remain? me thinks
No. The explanation is that she - &amp; our own govt - have signed up to the single European state that is the EU's goal &amp; isn't trying to secure the democratic mandate necessary to deliver it, because they know it would not be forthcoming. It all makes sense against that backdrop.
That is how democracy works though. You campaign for what you believe in. I believe that Brexit is going to hurt a lot of British people. I don't get how you've decided I am "barking mad" for suggesting a vote on actual terms.
Lucky Boris Johnson’s no longer Foreign Secretary, because on the basis of this little nugget he should be fired forthwith. How can someone so clueless aspire to the highest office? [glances at our current PM bogged down in the Brexit mud] Ah, that’s why!
Join us on the 9th #BrexitBetrayalMarch #BrexitBetrayal #MayMustGo #MayMustGoNow #SackOlly
We shd be focusing on what’s best for the future of our ppl.rather than who comes out best in a head to head debate given that both leaders are pro- Brexit.
. The time is now #UseTheMandate
What I see is a massive pro EU propaganda campaign in the media for a second referendum. Which I strongly suspect is much more about sabotaging labours chances in the next election than anything to do with brexit.
can happily say I'd rather be punched in the fuckin teeth than hear about brexit one more time
Every new election “overturns” the last. Brexit “opportunity” has come and gone and now we just need to do the “return” bit. Time to go home.
Mind you if Conservatives vote in a pro-Brexit leader to replace Theresa May and then don't go for a General Election (Labour won't get a no confidence vote through, because DUP will disrupt but not bring down the Government) Art50 extension won't happen
Write to your MP today to tell them you're #NotBuyingIt. No one wants this dodgy #Brexit deal. Demand a #PeoplesVote:
“Passport to Pimlico”, a prototype Brexit?
Kev I’m with you in this one , business leaders wanted to remain and have been saying deal , they pay our wages and for me they should be listened to . Brexit could be good if we had a SME banking system and duty of care but we do not sadly
lying hypocrite Tory. You’re one of the main reasons this country is crap at the moment. #brexit isn’t going to solve a single problem in this country. It will make many of them much worse.
"your squalid Brexit, your shabby xenophobia and Little Englander mentality":
Let us be clear. It is not a deal. It is an outline of a possible future agreement that may, at some point, lead to a treaty deal. The current situation is a blind Brexit. Not legally binding with a plethora of challenges and contradictions.
Always ready for some bantz. Let's get in thereee.
Hey BBC ever thought of actually fact check rather than just repeating Govt Brexit policy
To late by then Commons can't prevent Brexit as legislation already passed. Needs a new bill.
Bairn2 has a future as a Brexit negotiator.
brexit is nr.5 trending hashtag in UK in last 4 hours. #brexit
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
Will there be weather after Brexit?
More fake news from mainstream journalists trying to influence Brexit via
Remaining in the eu would come at a big price for Britain #Maymustgo #Brexit #FBPE
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
“We need the certainty of a deal, not more uncertainty &amp; we need the smooth transition period based on current trading conditions" SMMT President Tony Walker speaks about how a Brexit deal must allow for free &amp; frictionless trade #SMMTAnnualDinner
In fairness some of what the CBi have said is in the govt's own preparedness for brexit notices!
Theresa May accused of 'dangerous' Brexit cover-up as she blocks full publication of legal advice on her deal via
(Channel 4):May sells her #Brexit deal to #Welsh farmers : Welcome back to the Caer Beris Manor Hotel in Builth Wells in mid-Wales, the town where the Prime Minister came earlier to visit the Royal Welsh Winter Fair. ..
'Any MPs tempted to “get on with it” and agree this nation-destroying deal, think again. Hold firm.'
If it so good for uk why beg!
I read this thread imagining him reading it over the opening credits of Love Actually
Strange but true. Even a stopped clock is right twice a day! Yes, Donald Trump is talking perfect sense on #Theresa May's #Brexit deal.
so EU employees will be immune from any prosecution in UK courts, EVER, for ANY offence, and UK Govt not allowed to disclose facts about the deal.
You can always tell a real establishment elite #brexit toff like masquerading as a “man of the people” when with their silver spoon in their mouth they revert to “mate” speak
Brexit = xenophobic, racist BritNats on speed! Frankly.
Real Brexit football
Only one you can trust
Well how else do you explain there obsession with the uk staying in Eu instead of Scotland getting Indy BEFORE brexit and staying in the EU ? Remember We where told a decision by the autumn then when we know the details of brexit now it’s next year some time maybe
Listening to very important people discussing Russian active measures, Brexit, UK corruption and how to fight against it. There is still time to stop Brexit.
brexit bombs !
The Conservative Party lost their majority in GE2017 Mike. Lost. There is no mandate for your deal and no justification for your support of it. Let’s hope your constituents see this and react accordingly at the next ballot. #Brexit #peoplesvote
I’m not lefty. Google “increase in racist/hate crimes since Brexit”. Or just watch the news. You’re welcome.
This would be good. Someone needed to state facts not point scoring...
This response to Theresa May’s letter has gone viral
Apparently some places do NOT accept Scottish sterling in Europe. I've had the same in England (years ago), but surely this doesn't happen anymore? #Brexit #Euro #BritishPound
You must be a big fan of Brexit then, given it's the EU that's binding our hands on this.
What are they hiding?
What more proof is needed that this Referendum has been fixed to be overturned! #NotOn #NotMyPrimeMinister #WeWantBrexit
Really? How peculiar. Weren't we promised that #Brexit will enable £350 million a week extra for the #NHS? Someone must have lied to us!
Yep, keep the focus on the brown people in their inflatables breaching our defences. That way the rabble won't notice that Brexit' is absolute bollocks. Trump playbook with the Mexico border and the caravan.
It is fact that all the analysis points towards a detrimental Brexit. That is a fact.
F*** you
Hang on a minute we have a brexit deal but no one voted for, austerity that makes the wealthy wealthier, food banks etc etc etc but then pees a busy grilling Primark while they're selling fucking t-shirts for £2? Why the hell does anybody vote?
Spot on, Sir. In Scotland we'll be watching (just for laughs).
Without Nicola Sturgeon or this debate will be like watching a wet cloth sponge savage a cabbage.
Brexiteer mocked for his complete misunderstanding of how water purification works
I’d like to find out who owns Scotland
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
The Nigel Farage Show: Donald Trump's criticism of Theresa May's Brexit deal 27th Nov 2018
Do not accept Theresa May's false binary choice of "Deal or No Deal", intended to bludgeon us into accepting her crap Brexit. Join us on Friday at this Global Event to #BuggerBrexit via Please invite all your friends
Never mind Brexit, Mike Dean is referee for the NLD! Let’s have a referendum on that! #ARSTOT
Theresa May visiting the Royal Welsh Winter Fair today. Explaining to farmers how her Brexit deal allows French farmers to enter their farms and help themselves to sheep under the Common Fisheries Policy.
I nominate to meet her off the train
Absolutely right they certainly did not do a road show on #GayMarriage. #Trump #MAGA #UKIP #Brexit #TommyRobinson #Newsnight #BBC #TheresaMay #Westminster #MUNYB
Couldn’t have put it better myself ....
Can we stop the pity party for calamity May please
No they are persistent - hopefully they're going to whip your Brexit arse :)
“Labour is determined to reject the idea gaining ground at Westminster of a Norway-plus deal.” Corbyn STILL wants a destructive Brexit. After all this time! EEA+ is likely the only way out of this mess.
There is no credible leftist case for #brexit. Labour is helping Tories for no good reason.
Why Girl experiences Brexit rulings 1 Months of Welcome a Best nightclub shoots Lin-
If May &amp; Corbyn are debate on Television, then the SNP leader also needs to have a seat at that debate. Let's face if the SNP leader was the Labours leader they'd be in power by now, &amp; I say that as Englishman.
If only football was as easy as #brexit
Disgraceful government, with no moral authority, in meltdown. The Conservatives deserve to be out of power for two generations after this Brexit fiasco, never mind one!
They have no nickers.
Well, that’s gonna help...
Come on Boris, publicly challenge May to a brexit duel on the BBC, lets see how cocky she is up against someone who isn't a left wing chunter..
Unsurprising, but here we go, more analysis saying #Brexit is bad for Britain. #StopBrexitSaveBritain.
Nicola Sturgeon responds to UK's draft #Brexit deal
Communication facilitation and addressing public in Slovak and English on legal issues stemming out of #Brexit
May's Brexit deal sounds like a 'great deal for the EU', says Donald Trump | US news | The Guardian
nothing to do with Brexit. I know u r strongly against it but tweeting shit like that has tonight done you no favours. #poortweet
I just demanded that the broadcasters promise fair representation in the TV Brexit debates. I think the public should hear from anti-Brexit voices as well as Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn. Add your name to 's petition:
Saw this at the entrance to the #Holocaust Memorial Centre in Budapest today. These words have never been more relevant than in #Brexit Britain’s #HostileEnvironment
face the people not these stage managed events. Nobody wants your wretched deal #PeoplesVote
Oh, cool, so this is Brexit Britain eh? Intolerance, ignorance and aggression. Honestly never been more grateful for my Irish citizenship than I am in the here and now.
if comes out as Pro #Brexit pro #nodeal . and the are finished .
Theresa May defends under-fire Brexit plan: 'a deal is within our grasp'
This is a very concise short clip from Professor Ronan McCrea on the current dilemma: does the UK want a pointless Brexit or a catastrophic Brexit? via
Dom Raab, former Brexit Secretary, is damning: 'Politically, it looks like a rehash of Project Fear. People expect to be inspired, not scared witless into deferring to the government. 'Whenever Whitehall make forecasts for leaving the EU on WTO terms, it's always the same.'
We’ve played some proper Brexit football for our 2 goals tonight.
Molly for Brexit secretary.
supporters blaming the Union, Westminster, Brexit and Thatcher need to grow up. Health is a devolved matter and is the responsibility of . Given policies are failing, we should reach out to UK government for help or are you happy we die younger ?
Regrettably is more emulating a less well loved 20th century figure imho. More worrying than Brexit is her erosion of our democracy and the vilification and political use of minority groups which has consequently whipped up nationalist sentiment.
Very positive summary of Day 1 of the Article 50 court case at the ECJ. (But the lesson of Trump, Brexit etc. is “never expect the expected” so I won’t hold my breath.)
Radio Habana #Cuba: Study reveals UK economy to shrink significantly under May’s Brexit deal
You face a stark choice – Britain's May warns lawmakers over Brexit
You face a stark choice – Britain's May warns lawmakers over Brexit
Brexit
You face a stark choice – Britain's May warns lawmakers over Brexit
You face a stark choice – Britain's May warns lawmakers over Brexit
BBC News - Brexit: Theresa May denies 'rolling over' on deal
Us not Eu 1/2) Trade between the US and the UK is worth £180bn and accounts for a fifth of all UK exports. We have more than a trillion dollars invested in each other’s economies. This is one of the most successful trade and investment relationships in the world
You face a stark choice – Britain's May warns lawmakers over Brexit
You face a stark choice – Britain's May warns lawmakers over Brexit
The UK has only 13% of the EU's total sea area, but we are allocated 30% of the EU's total quota .It's wishful thinking that outside of the EU we can get a better deal for our fishermen. But don’t let facts get in the way of your wonderful Brexit
How can you compare? No one knew what 'Brexit' really meant beyond the slogans etc.. Now we know, and have a deal which pleased very few. I look forward to a #PeoplesVote and for both of us to give our views now that the reality is clear.
Can we ban UKIP?
Go Nicola. You and Vince Cable should certainly be part of the debate.
I actually supported tommy (even with his Zionist links) but him shamelessly using Melanie shaw for his own goals was the final straw.
And my father said 'if something looks too good to be true, it normally is'. Brexit in a nutshell.
The only other certainties are death and taxes (neither of which are renowned for their popularity); not sure May thought this line through
#PeoplesVoteNow #brexitdebate Please sign petition for a genuinely inclusive debate, &amp; RT
Time for to put his big boy pants on
The self promoting vanity project criticises 's vague proposals? What a hypocrite - more than two year's after the referendum, Johnson - and his public school chum - have not come up with any serious Brexit programme for the UK.
What to expect from a no-deal Brexit
Because he's delivering them Brexit, and a very hard one at that!
Brexit
What a tragic state of educational affairs! So upsetting to see students in most need, those most vulnerable, being robbed of an #education &amp; done a disservice. Shame on this #Tory regime &amp; it will only get worse thanks to #Brexit Teachers in despair!
One of the achievements of brexit though is to boost popularity of the EU to record levels throughout the EU27 (and probably in the UK as well) so this is a small risk, for now. As others have mentioned the mess we've made of it will be a huge deterrent to others.
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
I was honestly expecting a slick media experience with a few voxpops from some hand-picked MOR Conservative voters. What IS that fucking noise? #GTTO
Brexit warning
Seems Theresa May has gone off the rails now. How can she just ignore a parliamentary vote that is binding?
I've got it now. #Brexit has now bankrupted the #UK, so if we #Remain we'll be able to apply for a special grant and get our money back! #Fixed.
So they say there’s only a need for Corbyn and May to be part of the brexit discussion? No. No. No. all major parties need to take part. Where’s Plaid Cymru? Not a happy bunny. Bastard BBC.
Guess it must be really really bad for them to refuse to let MPs see it.
BREXIT
Do not accept Theresa May's false binary choice of "Deal or No Deal", intended to bludgeon us into accepting her crap Brexit. Join us on Friday at this Global Event to #BuggerBrexit via Please invite all your friends #country
We have to face the fact that she will never resign, never give up until she's stopped Brexit regardless of how, and that too many Conservative MPs want Brexit stopped, which means there will never be 48 letters. I hope I'm wrong.
Thing is Rachel, a debate will do nothing to clarify Brexit uncertainty.
they sent him to borstal or something
As opposed to the un-elected elite of tax dodging plutocrats and media moguls that want Brexit for their own ends? Real democracy! Why do you think Vladimir Putin is rubbing his hands with glee at the thought of a hard Brexit?
Brexit is a machine for taking a normally functioning society and destroying it remorselessly piece by piece.
Do you have any Brexit is the best thing that ever happened cards?
Based on your pathetic arguement &amp; connection with Brexit. The fact the culprit was young, if he could vote then liklihood is he would have voted 'Remain'. Now going by your flawed arguement, this makes all 'remainers' racists and bullies. Whose the idiot?
Maybe would like to spend a day in each school in the country, on a normal day not a jazzed up ofsted day. I feel it would be more beneficial for the future of our country than her Brexit deal tour...#school TM tells us schools are coping better than ever before
If abstain in the Brexit deal vote , I will never vote labour again. I know that don’t care about my single vote but just imagine if every dissatisfied supporter did the same. Please retweet
May sells her #Brexit deal to Welsh farmers
I don’t think any young people want to support Brexit because it restricts their lives,,,this Country is in a bad enough state at the moment without making it worse. I remember the day when we could only take £250 out of the Country, it was a pain !
Indian twitter - NaMo this RaGa that, sanghi-libtard drama US twitter - RT to get free stuff, guns, orange stuff Nigerian Twitter - free money give away, old FB and Orkut TL games UK Twitter - Brexit, I have a penis but I’m a plastic sunflower.
Be great if &amp; other Brexiteers spelt out clearly what they actually want and explain the benefits? Please also explain to our young people about what’s good about the loss of Freedom of Movement? Less bluster, slogans &amp; rhetoric! Argumentum ad hominem
Spot on
don’t want to alarm anyone in Number 10 but the current “worst case scenario” for Brexit vote - according to - is, er, defeat by 197 votes
Brendan O'Neill on snowflake the Lords's contempt for Brexit
#brexit #yourewelcomehere from Sunday’s Performance.
BREXIT, When all else fails,cherry pick out spelling mistakes. Can't stand you corrupt vile s.o.b people
Whatever the rights and wrongs of #TheresaMay’s pronouncements on immigration and societal cohesion, one this is certain. You cannot have a cohesive society where there is #Brexit. People really hate each other now, and will for generations.
Such a shame that a few hundred thousand dead people can so tarnish one's reputation.
May heads to Scotland as Brexit deal founders in Westminster
is the most logical voice on Brexit out there.
The words of a leader
Imagine getting fucked like a britbong right now. You vote Yes to brexit to genocide the browns and instead your getting double the browns, paying for them, and getting your economy destroyed
It's got fuck all t do with Brexit ya dopey cow !!
Big blue anti-Brexit bus pulls into Westminster for Parliament 'take over' via
Irish Times Letters: Brexit – getting the deal over the line
If abstain in the Brexit deal vote , I will never vote labour again. I know that don’t care about my single vote but just imagine if every dissatisfied supporter did the same. Please retweet
Comments like that are certainly not in my name nor anyone I know who is, albeit passionately, against Brexit. We would never resort to such language.
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
This is how May's Brexit plan will cost each person in Scotland
They are also saying everyone just wants to get Brexit over with despite the massive evidence to the contrary. #PeoplesVoteNow
Not forgetting....
Brexit: Theresa May denies 'rolling over' on deal: The PM comes under attack from DUP leader Arlene Foster as she visits Northern Ireland.
There would still be a union. England just wouldn’t be part of it. It solves many of the issues surrounding brexit entirely
People who voted for Brexit wanted to LEAVE the EU behind, not just discard the title and then have a "close partnership", that completely defeats the purpose.
Number 10 has been accused of "ignoring" Parliament by releasing a “position statement” on the Brexit deal, not the “final and full advice”.
Norway Plus would mitigate the damage caused by Brexit, but not eliminate it, of course.
Ok Matthew. But don’t bother doing your homework on how much racism has become more acceptable or prevalent since the Brexit vote. Don’t worry about those numbers.
Do not accept Theresa May's false binary choice of "Deal or No Deal", intended to bludgeon us into accepting her crap Brexit. Join us on Friday at this Global Event to #BuggerBrexit via
I just think you were letting him off the hook because he’s still supporting the utterly failed project of Brexit. As I said before, you wouldn’t have afforded him the same leniency if he had backed Remain.... would you??? Be honest...
She is afraid of you wiping the floor with both her and JC, as you inevitably will if you get the chance. I hope you do!
Brexit.
So wants a debate? Now? Seem to remember she wasn’t so keen last time. So much so she sent her Rottweiler in her place. Just fuck off Terry. No one is buying your Brexit shit anymore. Except for your paid-off friends of course.
More bad news for Romainers #brexit
Swann warns hard Brexit could tip veterinary services into crisis
More to the point, should just let viewers see the complete ABSENCE of any pro-Brexit campaigners outside Parliament. Just in case any Leavers can be bothered to get off their arses and go try to rescue their failing scheme.
And more of her expletives wow its like watching paint dry, and have done a lot of that in a life time. #DissolveTheUnion Brexit: Theresa May denies 'rolling over' on deal
Surely the Crown realise how much #Brexit will harm the UK, not to mention the Queen is likely to lose most of her realm. If George VI needed to step in then surely now the current Monarch needs to do something.
It's actually a march against the Brexit deal. But you lot think what you want
If you’re a Solicitor in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a farce for you. If you live in the West Midlands then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this tragedy! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Hello to my friends at , you wouldn’t happen to have my talk from the Brexit Panel handy wld you? I’d like to share it with my friends at and also if she’ll countenance it. Am enjoying FoM in Paris and have left my notes at home. Thanks!
Thanks, I love data over opinion these days as everyone has a different opinion on Brexit.
Why didn't you stay in the leadership contest way back when, before we arrived at this quagmire? If you feel this strongly about the PM's ability to negotiate on our behalf throughout the process of brexit why did you not mount a serious challenge for the vacant PM job after DC?
I don't know about you folks, but the only moaning I see/hear about brexit is on the Internet. I have friends and work mates that fall on both sides of the divide, and they just get on with their day until they go on Facebook and turn into cunts. #Brexit
Fresh row looms as No 10 refuses to publish full Brexit legal advice
Scott Pepe from the NFU was our special guest speaker tonight. An eloquent and thought-provoking performance covering the challenges facing British farming, Brexit, the Monarchy and a fair dose of parliamentary gossip! Great stuff!
Absolutely disgusting!
I want to be a teacher! I've worked hard to get my degree for the points I need to do my PGCE but I have to pay £9000 for tuition fees because I can't get funding? How will Brexit help me
Well now your thinking
More fake news from mainstream journalists trying to influence Brexit via
What a tragic state of educational affairs! So upsetting to see students in most need, those most vulnerable, robbed of an #education &amp; done a disservice. Shame on this #Tory regime &amp; it will only get worse thanks to #Brexit Teachers in despair! #school
Wrong, wrong and wrong again, I don’t want no deal. I want no Brexit. You seem not to know what it is you want.
I hope those who instigated this whole Brexit movement are watching too.......millions and millions of taxpayers money wasted , for what and for whose benefit?
(4) So do you accept the "Norway doesn't want it" line is wrong? Now, to your substantive objections, lets go through them one at a time. 1. We Brexit &amp; EU "direct effect" ends - so full legal is supremacy restored, Parliament must ratify &amp; can veto new SM regs like Norway has
I wholeheartedly agree with this
Why is and all the leaders not part of the #brexit debate. All the party leaders voices should be heard. Can’t have a proper spectrum of the populous if it’s just 2 party leaders! et al..
Hang on we have a brexit vote that the PM has ignored, foodbanks austerity that is making the wealthy even wealthier sanctions against the poor but what are MPs discussing? fucking Primark t-shirts being sold for £2 what the fucking hell do we bother voting for?
She’s scared shitless, and rightly so, of Nicola who has evidence, reason and skill on her side
Dod you actually listen to any one ???
No 10 rejects call to include Sturgeon in TV Brexit debate
Brexit Madness.
What evidence do you have that proves this video is to do with Brexit??? The school kids involved wouldn’t have a clue who the PM is, never mind the political shambles that is currently being lead by this government. The poor kid is being bullied &amp; is completely disgusting..
you need to correct this if you want any credibility... Brexit will make GDP shrink by 3.9% annually”
Ooh, pull up a chair, get out the popcorn - cue meme (which I can’t find) go on Twitter, do it for me!
Norwich party leaders could press MPs for Brexit vote
Brexit means Brexit, Sarah! When we leave the EU, Abba will be made illegal.
Should Nicola Sturgeon be involved in any televised Brexit debate? via
You are the one repeating lies, when has he ever promised a Brexit dividend? Prove it, show us where he said it. I'm sure the rest of us would know if he had!
To compromise and heal means ridding us of the main reason why Brexit is in such a mess Mrs May and the numerous promises she has broke #SheJustDoesntListen
Look at his little weasel face. Embarrassment. The only thing he's putting first is himself. Shyster.
You have no idea what the country's view on Brexit is now. But crucially, when it mattered, we lost. One day you're going to have to wake up to that. I won't be holding my breath.
Dear - running around this country trying to get us all to agree to your non-sensical brexit deal won't help. You lost our confidence in you the day you stepped into Cameron's rotten shoes. Go home and take all the rotten Tories with you. We've had enough.
I LOVE THIS SO MUCH IT HURTS
It literally wouldn’t be Brexit if only England left. And given the % of ‘conservative and UNIONIST party’ supporters who are Brexiters I don’t think the base would go for it. But it’s probabaly what happens as a result of Brexit anyway.
Better company than those who cheated to get #brexit Leave result - I’ll happily pop round with cat food for
Yes, when I’m not messaging my sisters about corduroy pants I’m catching up with a whole bunch of WhatsApp stuff about that and other Brexit developments. It’s what I do for fun of an evening.
The Political declaration is not binding. It can be negotiated away. The Withdrawal Agreement is legally binding. Beware of the Turkey trap. #NoDealNoProblem #BrexitBetrayal #StandUp4Brexit #LeaveMeansLeave #SuperCanada #Labourleave #LeaveEU #Brexit #BinTheBackstop
Breaking News: Daily Telegraph reports: Theresa May accused of 'dangerous' Brexit cover-up as she blocked full publication of legal advice on her withdrawal BREXIT keep UK in EU deal!
The majority of Tory MPs will back the deal. Therefore it only needs enough Labour/SNP/Other MPs to make up for the DUP/ERG. They are almost all Remainers, their choice is to kill Brexit by voting for May's deal, or risk actual Brexit by voting against it. A no brainer.
Fresh row looms as No 10 refuses to publish full Brexit legal advice
Can’t rule on pity she knew what she done for 2 and a half years brexit means brexit where gonna make a success of it no sympathy whatsoever.
I have never been more certain that this evil utter clusterfuck called #Brexit is in it's dying gasps. Hallefuckinglulah. #PeoplesVote
Indeed ... Join us on Friday to #BuggerBrexit via Please invite many friends - we need large numbers to achieve a Tsunami on Brexit
Brexit secretary’s resigned, as a Traitor PM &amp; civil servant side kick, threw the 1st brexit secretary’s Deal in bin &amp; replaced with their shit checkers deal, then they added 200 extra pages to 2nd brexit secretary’s one, behind his back, so he couldn’t sign off on it &amp; resigned
Lol, cos brexit ain't important obviously
Would-be Tory rebels could be offered a “poor man’s knighthood” to vote for the government's Brexit plan, reports
Harry Redknapp for Prime Minister. He’d sort out Brexit with a couple of stories about the royal family and a hand full of jam roly polys #imaceleb
Fuck off idiot
Why isn't anyone talking about the UN migration pact? It's as big a deal as Brexit.
Watching #BWFC at the moment is less entertaining than #brexit surley it's time for parky to go
honestly, do you think he changed his mind? #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Well said sir ...and for those who are sick of Brexit:
ha ha! you mean like how much Blair admires May Eddie, people dying because of universal credit, windrush, streets full of homeless, racist messages on vans, incompetent brexit mess, hostage to the hard right of the party, bribed the DUP and he admires her, he’s yesterdays man
Excellent analysis which hopefully helps remainers realise that the game is pretty much over now. There is no magic trick Parliament has to stop Brexit. Insufficient time or will to stop it now. Project Fear is daily being shown up to be lies. A second ref is pointless We’re out
If Brexit does actually go ahead, aided and abetted by these pair, I urge everybody that voted #Remain in the referendum to vote in the next election. (I’m saying that as a life long Labour supporter). Let’s give the Greens 48% of the vote. Anyone with me?
Fresh row looms as No 10 REFUSES to publish full Brexit legal advice despite unanimous resolution by Commons. Theresa May's lawyer also had no comment. #BrexitShambles
Christ I thought it went under years ago or am I missing something
She's acting like a fascist AGAIN
#Brexit for the many - whilst the few make money and buy or acquire EU citizenship
Brexit is cross party event. I see the problem here. Youre old, stubborn and dont even know what Brexit is far less why there is stability in the EU.
#Brexit So on page 2 of the withdrawal agreement it states the UK will be leaving both EU an European Atomic Energy Authority. Should we be concerned about ‘going it alone’ with Nuclear power? Or is it just a case of replacing the French with the Chinese?
The video above is hard to watch but this is what #Brexit is doing to our country pls share the orig (not mine) tweet to your followers
You have done more damage to UK in 2 years than Blair and Brown did in 15 years.Ignoring Brexit you are totally unsuited to leading this the name of God Go and go now!
The Brexit negotiations
No BREXIT That's the answer
Sadly mine and experiences at a Brexit meeting in Hertford last night strongly suggested otherwise.
Not all Brexit voters were racist, but all racists voted for Brexit
Brexit Britain bites
should be part of the debate, FM of Scotland #imho
When the job losses are mounting and the food shortages are in full effect, the high profile “leavers” will blame those of us who supported remain, because we didn’t “believe in Brexit”.
Guardian is claiming May was received with warmth, encouragement and kindness
By the way, Scotland is waiting for an apology from you after the lies in 2014. The mess Scotland is in because of Brexit is your mess
Stephen Yaxley-Lennon, is nothing to do with #Brexit just a nasty little yob that will cause nothing but bad press for #Brexit when it is most important foe good. But enjoy your louts day out try not to smash up too much. We need to win the vote in Parliament and kill this deal
I hate to say it but he hits the nail on the head.
Enough of this crazy irrational government
Or how about another referendum now we know what we're voting for. Rather than "democratic disaster" you could then call it "democracy." And the MP's are happy as they can blame us when things go wrong.
Do you actually know how much the NHS gets? It receives the second most funding of anything in the UK after the welfare state. It currently stands at £130 BILLION POUNDS per year up from £116bn and is set to go up by another £20bn if we defeat May's deal and go for WTO Brexit.
Excellent work by this group. UK government has fought against this, wasting taxpayers' money trying to keep themselves ignorant. Whatever the decision in this case, it's proved the government don't want people to have all the facts, they are hoping to bluff their way through.
I no longer trust Theresa May or any MP that supports her. Neither do I believe anything she now says. She deceitfully indulges in economy of information, and word play. The Draft WA is not Brexit but instead is designed to cripple and disempower the UK.
Why not Compare The Brexit?
What has Brexit got to do with it? Like any political shenanigans will have any impact on his values and behaviour? He’s just a sad miserable little bullly
Brexit Britain close to agreeing open skies deal with US
Certainty we had BEFORE the referendum!!!
BBC News - Theresa May's Brexit deal is doomed - Sir Michael Fallon
How can you have respect for anything a minister says when you see then repeat statements that have been fully debunked by the government's own statistics authority.
Exactly an that's why we need to get rid of the main parties as far as brexit is concerned this deal is not it every one has pointed that out one thing remainers and us leavers are United on that this is not the right deal.
Immigration plans might not be published before Brexit vote, says Javid
And no, there is no form of Brexit that's worth fighting for. Why would I fight for something that will make us worse off than now? Fighting to remain, however, is well worth the effort.
Philip Hammond in under 40 seconds #Brexit #satire #Autumnstatement #budget #autumnbudget #brexitbudget #DUP #TheresaMay #ToriesOut #Tories #MayMustGoNow #philiphammond #thebudget 4
Boom times #DespiteBrexit Why is the HoC and the conservatives not shouting this from the roof tops - WTO all clear Time to tell to F Off
A chicken tikka, pilau rice and a load of bollocks to read whilst I wait my good man. #Brexit
I have this picture of trace from let's go pikachu and eevee on my phone under the filename "brexit.png"
Theresa May is touring the country, attempting to sell her botched Brexit deal to the British public. Write to your MP telling them that this deal is not good enough for our country! Email Your MP Here
Anyone out there got any secret info on where and when this is happening? Please retweet widely and ask your pals. #indyflashmob
I must have missed the part where he said "This is for Brexit!". Brexit hasnt even happened yet so whats with "Brexit Britain"?
How low will she go to get this deal through?
Brexit uncertainty is blamed for the slump in UK property market
I am looking forward to the moment when Theresa May is dragged out of Downing Street by angry BREXIT voters.
Feart much May?? Downing Street wants to deny Nicola Sturgeon a place in Brexit TV debate
Batten: "Tommy Robinson is on our side in regards to #Brexit" via
Well done for doing this but goodness me what a state of affairs we have created.
Write to your MP today to tell them you're #NotBuyingIt. No one wants this dodgy #Brexit deal. Demand a #PeoplesVote:
If abstain in the Brexit deal vote , I will never vote labour again. I know that don’t care about my single vote but just imagine if every dissatisfied supporter did the same. Please retweet
If even Michael Fallon is opposed, Theresa May’s Brexit plan will lose by a landslide
Playing politics to force the party agenda rather than acting in the countries best interests. Typical politicians. What a let down they are.
What a bunch of #childish #bullies the #EU turned out to be! Anyone else feeling betrayed by #TheresaMay and disgusted at #Junker #Tusk #Macron and #Merkel #Democracy and #Freedom are #dead #Brexit
No. A GE will only happen after the final deal is defeated. That leaves the UK with no deal agreed and no further negotiations possible. If Labour loses then it's more likely that a catastrophic no deal Brexit happens
Adam Ramsay at Open Democracy helped to expose the dark money driving us towards a hard Brexit. You can help donate to their important investigative work today:
She asked for the Section 30 order to give her the power to launch indyref2 at the close of Brexit; Westminster refused.
This woman is not worthy of the title of #PrimeMinister. #MayMustGoNow
Brexit: What is it, and what are the key issues? The EU has accepted a Brexit agreement, but Britain remains divided.
Wow. this sounds major to me. #brexit
Trump’s Brexit bomb is a brutal reminder that May’s work has barely started | Gaby Hinsliff
2,000 per year for #Brexit, bargain! Not.
This is the person who tells us she has got the best deal possible. She made absolutely no preparation for a no deal #Brexit ; the withdrawal agreement sells us into slavery, yet she thinks we are going to believe her bizarre sales pitch which says the opposite to her agreement
Wasting her time in Scotland And she knows it too, She is just running scared trying to delay her fall.
Speaking of horrible, horrible people. This is what the racists who sold brexit have unleashed within our country
… not even the mice attended. Thatcher had the Poll Tax and May has #Brexit as her Titanic Iceberg moment.
Please note, this is career suicide for any labour member to support this deal. #BrexitChaos #BrexitAgreement #TheresaMay #BrexitDebate
Trump says Theresa May's Brexit deal could hit US-UK trade via Truth hurts as they say!!
Even given his experience, Little Matty Hancock can't keep a straight face as he tells a bare faced porky to the Health Select Committee.. #newsnight
take it from an insider of the system.
LIVE: AnonUKRadio Bootiful acoooostics! #PoliceBrutality #OpSafeWinter #Brexit Tk2 on #spreaker #brexit #opsafewinter #policebrutality
Seriously....what the hell happened to the British people? You used to be so strong and valant! You once fought for freedom across the globe! Now you just sit back and allow the foreign Islamic-led UN to conquer you without a fight.... What happened? #Brexit #GivingTuesday
This is beyond horrific — surely that’s an arrestable offence?!?! This makes me sick and ashamed at the ugliness that Brexit has unleashed in our country.....
No need as I've heard in the past that Leicester West MP Liz Kendall will vote against it!
Brexit Betrayal Demonstration - 9th December - BE THERE! via
Back under your rock, Raab.
Delusional rubbish. Too busy pointing over to Britain to forget that in the past week alone a hotel in Donegal due to house asylum seekers was burnt down. And another protest in Wicklow at similar. But hey, look at those racists in England.
Letters: Theresa May shows contempt for Parliament by wooing the country with a Remainer Brexit
Did you visit and ? Can’t see #Brexit bringing certainty and stability to their employees.
Lord Sugar explaining in 1992 how the single market works.
Le creo o no le creo: Brussels backs Brexit | Children of ‘the caliphate’ | Women of War
We want a real brexit last time I checked this was called GREAT BRITAIN we are country built on strong foundations that doesn’t need moving or adjusting by European bureaucrats we are more than capable of feeding our own people and making the decisions that hurt us the most.
Maybe he can save the UK from Brexit?
I didnt know it was as low as that ...the things I've learned about the EU in the last 2 years! I will be hoping for some kind of certificate of endeavour or something if this Brexit stuff ever comes to a true end!!
Legal advice: "You've stuffed it all up Prime Minister" #justguessing
#PoliticsLive Companies leaving the UK so far..
You’re wrong and so so so wrong for bringing this up in regards to this story! You are taking away from the fact that this poor boy is being attacked and bullied probably everyday of his life! That’s the story nothing to do with brexit.
It would be cruel to burst your bubble. Or maybe you are just lying to help him keep Remain's support. I could fill a book with the dirty tricks and delusions I have seen from those trying to exhonerate lifelong Europhobe Corbyn from Brexit. He is the red Rees-Mogg.
There is only one issue that matters at the moment and it’s not “neoliberalism” (sic). It’s Brexit. Corbyn is NOT aligned with the membership on that. He doesn’t care. He’s only in favour of ‘democratising the party’ when it suits him and his faction. Same old same old hard left
Write to your MP today to tell them you're #NotBuyingIt. No one wants this dodgy #Brexit deal. Demand a #PeoplesVote:
How about Rees-Mogg, Johnson and Farage vs the Total Wipeout course? If they can't complete in a total time of 10 minutes, Brexit is cancelled.
Brexit has to heal divides. It can only be done with a compromise that recognises the needs of the leave campaign and the risks worrying remainers. has delivered a deal which strives to achieve a compromise no one else promised. She deserves our support!
Stephen Yaxley-Lennon, is nothing to do with #Brexit just a nasty little yob that will cause nothing but bad press for #Brexit when it is most important for good. But enjoy your louts day out try not to smash up too much. We need to win the vote in Parliament and kill this deal
Nothingness no to do with Brexit.
IMO #Corbyn will step aside next year. The incursion of the left has stalled outside the party. A middle aged 'milder' front man with less baggage is needed. Just like they did with #Blair but without shifting back to his policies. #brexit
Heartbreaking. hostile environment and Brexit in action. When will oppose?
What hope is there when ministers insist on avoiding the truth about brexit and dress it up in smoke and mirrors?
A remainer centrist PM doesn't believe Brexit or Conservatism can work.
I thought it was Brexiteers who going to take to the streets if Brexit doesnt go through? It's gonna be like The Warriors come next April!!
“Expats” you know, when have they ever called the Nigerian community in this country as expats? Or do they get special treatment just because they’re brits?
I suppose to reject the deal, one must also reject Brexit. That other Brexit Rees Mogg wants just leaves the UK with its trousers down, and its backside showing.
Petition: Leave the EU without a deal in March 2019. // I have just signed this petition. If you want #Brexit to happen without the present fudge, please consider signing it too. Thank you :)
Who writes this project dribble lol
There is no deal. A vote for the WA is a vote for the Backstop, which will stop Brexit.
Ook de Amerikaanse president Donald #Trump heeft een mening over de #brexit-deal: "Sounds like a great deal for the EU”. De BBC analyseert. #nog123dagen
I hope all your in fighting has achieved what ever goals it was meant to do! Watching the BBC talking about food stock piling was sad and disgraceful! #Brexit
Maybe because it actually fucking is?
Wrong
#FOSTER should start a #Brexit campaign for #WTOBrexit
Is the leader should have? Because is rubbish
Meet the secret group Le Cercle Making Bilderberg Look Like Amateurs and Controlling Brexit behind the scenes! #Bilderberggroup #brexit #England #Freemasons #Illuminati #LeCercle #Masons #NewWorldOrder #secretsocieties #TeresaMay #Tory #UK
. wrote a piece about Europe’s changing landscape and Brexit following a meeting with top European leaders hosted by the . #DiversitySpotlight
British Prime Minister Theresa May and opposition leader Jeremy Corbyn agree to TV debate over Brexit READ:
"Trump Disparages Brexit Deal, Blindsiding May" by ELLEN BARRY via NYT World #news
An EU court whuch exists to safeguard EU ideals declaring that Brexit can be reversed. Quelle surprise..,
And they say the EU is undemocratic...
SF are abstentionist &amp; are voted for on this understanding. You don't understand &amp; probably don't vote for them. Which is fine. It's your right. As it's the right of others to vote for an abstentionist party. Also if SF voted against brexit 50+ tories say they couldn't join them
Fresh row looms as No 10 refuses to publish full Brexit legal advice
Traitors; big business before the will of the people. You’re toast next election unless you give us Brexit. You’ll be taxed to the hilt with Corbyn. Think!
Brexit
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
and this , 'no impact on the economy'? Dun &amp; Bradstreet: #Brexit uncertainty = SME confidence drops 19% in 1 year #ExitfromBrexit #BrexitShambles #Data via
So I'm trying to think of a better plan for Brexit. So I am going to drink a bottle of rum. Shit my guts out and throw the faeces at a wall. Hey presto I bet I've out performed the useless bag of talentless arseholes in cabinet.
and all of that will still be ignored after #Brexit
Brexit negotiations
He did an awful lot of good. Whomever was PM at the time, Brown, Cameron any of them would have ended up in Iraq because of our relationship with the USA. We didn’t manage the peace because we didn’t understand tribalism. We do now with Brexit!
Just in case you thought refusing to oppose Brexit at the last Full Council meeting was a mistake. They just did it again! #HaringeyFullCouncil
Night night twitterati. Remember #ProjectFear 2 starts tomorrow. Best you get extra supplies of water and brace yourself for immediate interest rate rises and world war 3.
Great. An hour of Tory's unicorn powered Brexit versus Labour's dragon powered Brexit by two of the least inspiring politicians you could imagine. What's on the other channels?
Brexit.
Whay the hell is happening in the world? You've got trump, brexit, Theresa May, a torn government and this bullying in schools has got to stop. I really feel for the next generation
To Brexit someone's Brexit
I think May has been trying to tell us it is come as a few times she has said we risk a “no Brexit” situation. The EU is preparing for No Brexit. It would be a win/win for her to kick it back to the great unwashed. However, I think on the 11th it will pass through.
I'm in sheer disbelief! #school special needs teachers in tears about their jobs, lack of funding and these poor kids are going to suffer because of this! Hey why not stop by on your #brexit trail n see what the real world is like!
Can Arlene have a word with Leo, he needs lessons from someone with some balls.
But #nobrexit is the best brexit
Well should be 1st on the list &amp; the only one! For now! Others will go May 2022 at GE!
This is what Britain has become and it's sickening.
'Planned from the start!' Caller warns Farage of his big concern with May's #Brexit deal
'Planned from the start!' Caller warns Farage of his big concern with May's #Brexit deal
If I had wanted to see a shitebag this big, I'd have went to San Francisco.
I will listen to the German Minister when her country pays its fair share to #NATO #MAGA
Is that right ya tube. Go on explain how you can hear us speak ya stupid anti Scottish wanker. Hope you yoon fannies get the brexit you deserve
Well , not seeing your name on here. So your policy is "screw my constituents' futures, I'm backing 'cos I may get a promotion" Good job Nigel.
you really are trying to destroy the UK ...
Corbyn's obvious Brexit wish is giving the far right what it wants. Curiously the far left likes Brexit too, for rather different reasons. So seems like staying in the EU might satisfy the most people. The extremists can fight it out amongst themselves.
Look, I’m not gonna change your mind, you’re not going to change mine. I’ve presented data. I work with a political analysis company. I don’t base my assumptions on “freedom” but on the likely impact of the economy. I hope you’re right and I’m wrong, as if brexit is a success...
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
He sold us out. He is no secret Weapon - Michael Gove Unleashed As May’s ‘Secret Weapon’ In Bid To Sell Brexit Deal To Tory MPs - HuffPost UK
The tories and Labour have ruined Scotland with there cuts
We have a very dangerous nutter in number 10 - we have to call the police!
Bullocks.
Cringeworthy. Brexit and a leader to represent the leave group can't come soon enough.
SEC has jurisdiction over the US. What about the rest of Earth?They could care less. SBI OWNS 10% of Ripple. Japan dont care. They care about as much as Madagascar cares about The Super Bowl. Or Myanmar cares about Billy Ray Cyrus. Or I care about Brexit. You know? You know. #xrp
Now that we know the Government has spent millions, made every effort, and undermined every principle to avoid anyone knowing the truth about Brexit, we need to be very, very worried indeed about what that truth actually is. Because it cannot possibly be good.
Subscribe Here to get a few chapters for FREE from the book Please #RT #gold #silver #stocks #trading #trades #markets #Investing #today #rich #education #hope #dreams #Giveaway #free #positivity #focus #goals #life #money #success #fun #levelup #brexit
While your calling other people names how about calling yourself/sky out as one of the most bias new associations on the planet when it comes to Brexit...
Brexit
Heres the thing, its a debate, between 2 leaders IN ENGLAND, both of whom ARE brexiteers. Its Englands brexit or Englands brexit, Jocks , box , get in , cereal , eat.
So you do listen to David Davis. Hahaha. He was brexit secretary and did not understand the basics
The truth.
#Brexit After 29th March we cannot do any trade deals as we will be in the transition period Trump is spot on No trade deal Listen to Theresa May's wording She says yes we can NEGOTIATE a trade deal with the US after we leave Without telling lies she is not telling the truth
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
Doomed
At some point there may have to be a reckoning about Jeremy's role in Brexit. But just now he's getting away with it, if only because of the lack of a plausible alternative.
Punters rate chances of getting the #Brexit deal agreed by MPs this year at 14% #BrexitDeal
The Left Case for Brexit via
Our politics is broken, we need a new Party to #DrainTheSwamp
WHAT!?!? again squandering all the opportunities Brexit could have given us.... :-(
The simple answer is Brexit is a whole con. Whilst we are all fighting amongst ourselves, the government is letting public services wither and then shift more public money into the private sector.
#Brexit never was about the Irish border, just like the GFA it should be a matter between the Irish and British governments. It's the remaoners that have chosen to stir up trouble, and they don't care about Anglo-Irish relations, it's all about keeping us in the EU.
This is about it....
The silly woman should wonder at Trump valuing Britain’s people and interests more than she does.
Hats off to the Tory fluncky who convinced the delusional Theresa May that going to Glasgow to sell her disastrous Brexit plan to the electorate was a good idea. You can't make this shit up.
please #RT asap #economics #SPX #trading #options #brexit #Italexit #GRExit #stocks #markets #Motivation #today #SundayThoughts
This is precisely what I said about the 2016 referendum... It should never be about politicians. It must be about all our different communities &amp; sectors having their own debates. If it’s May v Corbyn, we should mass boycott -and do something different.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
I agree, but its nothing to do with #Brexit
Brexit Britain. Absolutely disgusting!
This brexit shit will be going on for years.
Well , tonight's Book Club with &amp; was as fascinating as I thought it'd be! Given everything that's happening with Brexit, reading Gina's book these last few weeks and hearing her speak tonight felt very timely. Great vibe in the room too
One positive that might come out of this expected #brexitdebate could be that #Corbyn will finally have to open up about Labour's stance on Brexit. Otherwise it'll be the final missed opportunity for Labour and render the debate fruitless.
Theresa May accused of 'dangerous' Brexit cover-up as she blocks full publication of legal advice on her...
This is not Brexit though, self preservation chip kicking in maybe.
I’ve often thought that. Like the Leavers rally, a dozen gammon in the pub with Farage. And they say if we don’t brexit there’ll be civil war? More like an outbreak of annoyed tutting.
Thread.
It’s barely even a debate about two forms of Brexit. More like a debate about how long a new customs union should last.
BBC News - Theresa May's Brexit deal is doomed - Sir Michael Fallon
A powerful call to action this evening from #Brexit #Democracy
and what about the people who even didnt get a vote like EU citizens in the Uk and Ex Pats living in the EU. It seems NOONE cares about the people who were denied a vote. Brexit effects us more than most!
There's not one good thing about #brexit, not one thing. Are you listening &amp; 1,700 more people losing their jobs, 65 million people having our EU citizenship &amp; rights stripped from us, and for what. #BrexitShambles
You seems to suggest that #brexit will result in a UK fighting for its survival. Shouldn't a country try and avoid that ?
May and her sycophants are appall8ng, they tell such lies whenever they are on telly or the radio and think we are stupid.
#farageonlbc A debate between &amp; on #brexit would be akin to a guffaw between Tweedledum &amp; Tweedledee.
Typical Brexiter approach: dismiss the experts, and rely on er, well, any old rubbish.......... Brexit forecasts aren't 'facts' suggests Theresa May after experts slam her deal
Rebel MPs 'offered peerages' as May builds votes for Brexit deal
Just Go! #GetTheToriesOut
A debate between these two will be a waste of time. They fundamentally agree on brexit.
The latest Barnsley! #brexit #f12018
I don’t see why you’re arguing at all. The EU has Britain by the balls. Nobody had a plan for Brexit and you’re all pointing fingers. Remainers didn’t listen to people explaining why it’s a bad idea and they’re still not. Why bother. Have another vote.
Don't care - they both want Brexit, it's just a fake debate. I won't be bothering.
*weeps*
I just demanded that the broadcasters promise fair representation in the TV Brexit debates. I think the public should hear from anti-Brexit voices as well as Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn. Add your name to 's petition:
Article 50 is now irrelevant it is the Parliamentary Acts that enshrine Brexit on 29th March that cannot be amended in time or by Parliamentary will. Time for remain to realise this, for Brexiteers to offer the hand of friendship and let’s move on together.
I have never been more certain that this evil utter clusterfuck called #Brexit is in its dying gasps. Hallefuckinglulah. #PeoplesVote
My favorite Piers Morgan drag of the day and there are so many quality ones to choose from
The 20% of the public that support it will reduce to maybe .. 5% by time she finishes her tour ... she’s very talented
Yes, Donald Trump is talking perfect sense on May’s Brexit deal | Peter Mandelson
Inspired Jacque Do not accept Theresa May's false binary choice of "Deal or No Deal", intended to bludgeon us into accepting her crap Brexit. Join us on Friday at this Global Event to #BuggerBrexit via Please invite all friends to Bugger Brexit
Boris Johnson revives Obi-Wan Kenobi movie rumors in Brexit deal speech:
Keep this going
Now then. Here, we have a failed...
Former Brexit Secretary here, demanding to know why the Treasury doesn't adopt more optimistic economic models.
This sickening sight so typical of the northern Brexit heartlands of the Labour Party. It’s time to confront this hatred that’s growing to readily.
Brexit was sll about the supremacy of Parliament - NOT. It was about the right wing extremists taking control.
Anyone else crying watching #school this is awful and after #Brexit I cannot imagine what situation we will find ourselves in
Fresh row looms as No 10 refuses to publish full Brexit legal advice
think there needs to be a peoples vote on stopping kleptocrats first then we might stand a chance of sorting shit out
Boris Johnson (one of the "architects" of Brexit) fumbling a statement has sparked an incredulous reaction online The clip shows the former Foreign Secretary attempting to film a short video in the Portuguese capital Lisbon for his official Twitter feed
She has no understanding of human nature,and has never understood why anyone would want to leave the EU. I suspect she's mystified why it has all gone SO wrong.
Given that storage facilities are now full for fear of no deal Brexit, it's not a bad idea. However shortages may go on for a long time in which case they haven't enough.
"Daddy I am so bored of Brexit, please stop."
Brexit FC with a billion pound bank account
Jordan Peterson on Brexit and the Doom of the EU
BBC News - #Brexit: Theresa May denies 'rolling over' on deal
Their inputs r garbage. They continually get Fin Services hopelessly wrong &amp; their last reports were way out on Border frictions. The treasury just makes things up as it goes along. This is again total nonsense that will be smashed by &amp; #Brexit
Fuck people 'Believing in Brexit' You might as well debate with a child who believes in Father Christmas or the Tooth Fairy. How about we find someone who can prove that Brexit would be beneficial for this country? If only such a person exists eh?
This is a question we all need an answer to post Brexit
No-deal Brexit: Amazon blamed for lack of food warehouse space – The Guardian
Theresa May’s Brexit deal
Maybot dictatorship! Disgraceful, is this legal?
Incredible stats from Brian Taylor's report on the Scottish Govt's Brexit assessment press conference. Time spent on panto-actors - 43 seconds Time spent on Indyref2 - 36 seconds Time spent on Brexit assessment - 32 seconds
I’ve kind of ignored him Annie - same old ill informed drivel that I can’t be bothered with - he’s too far gone anyway! Now the impact of his beloved Tory Brexit on my industry is a different and real risk - not a figment of a fevered imagination
Without any sense of irony... I must have missed the bit explaining where Brexit would be such a boon to the working class and disabled...
Brexit: What is it, and what are the key issues? The EU has accepted a Brexit agreement, but Britain remains divided.
“It’s hardly unexpected that the UK Government takes no account of the impact of Brexit on political events in Scotland."
If Brexit does go ahead, then we'll need a London visa to make sure we keep on being successful in London. Great to see proposing one.
But there are no facts about Brexit. Just skewed predictions. And whether life is better in or out of the EU is a matter of opinion and personal choice
Yes, in another breath she claimed on Monday the British people have had enough discussion of Brexit. Bonkers squared! We certainly have not had enough if she persists with her capitulation/punishment deal.
Theresa May hits back at Donald Trump as she begins bid to sell Brexit deal
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Once more proving that Tories are liars. Hope the MPS are furious about this.
If Corbyn tries to use a Brexit debate to discuss other things he'll, rightly, be hammered from every angle. This guy is an utter charlatan.
BBC News - Nicola Sturgeon responds to UK's draft Brexit deal
Hi , I get you’re haemorrhaging listeners due to your poor reporting and pro-Brexit agenda, but do you really have to pollute the app with your ‘Beyond Today’ adverts?
Oh and I forget #FuckBrexit. Brexit is for Retards.
And there you have it, straight from the donkeys own mouth.
British Constitutional law says the people are sovereign. Parliament should carry out their wishes. 17.41m voted in a Referendum whose message was 'YOU DECIDE'. We did. The #Conservative's failed us by choosing a #Remain PM who ignored #Brexit ministers in favour of Olly Robbins
Brexit is a xenophobic project. This is the result. Own it.
Being in New Zealand when Brexit happens is the best coincidence
Well I don't know about you lot, but has sold the whole brexit deal to me. I'm totally on board with it, and looking forward to the loss of liberty it entails.
I hear a lot about how awesome other countries are in terms of healthcare, education &amp; the cost of renting &amp; owning property. But how do they treat people like me? I'll wager there'll be very few POC looking to move to Germany, post #Brexit, for example.
Fantastic that so many of those pressing for disclosure on #Brexit did likewise on #fracking - oh wait... #climatechange #IPCC #renewableenergy #BanFracking
I liked a video BREAKING IMPORTANT INFORMATION REGARDING BREXIT MEANS EXIT MARCH ON 9TH DECEMBER
Interesting #Channel4news tonight in Wales with farmers. Very few thought Brexit is a good idea, they understood they had been lied to in the ref campaign, but many STILL wanted to support May's deal since 'she has tried hard'. Good vicar in the report, he has his head screwed on
Higher - SNP and Westminster at loggerheads once more. This time, about the proposed televised Brexit Debate between Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn. Nicola Sturgeon wants in on the action. N5 - Use of the media by politicians.
Either deliver Brexit or don’t, nothing else left to be said. All future judgements now made on actions not words.
BBC News - Brexit: Theresa May denies 'rolling over' on deal
I added a video to a playlist 2019 Psychic Predictions - Trump, Brexit, War and more. | Craig
Not to say bullying doesn’t happen in London schools but these lot literally voted Brexit 2 stop free movement
May has tried to sidestep Parliament all along - *this* is anti-democratic and needs to be stopped whatever the outcome for Brexit.
...all three of them are clowns ...
Enjoyed lovely evening with testing questions from the floor! Thank you for inviting me
Our #PreviousGuestSpeaker, #MichaelGove Unleashed As May’s ‘Secret Weapon’ In Bid To Sell #Brexit Deal To Tory MPs - HuffPost UK
No matter what political persuasion you are or who you support, you should read this. #Brexit #EU #Immigration #Football #MUFC #Cantona
Is your MP allowed to block you on twitter? Why not email or post a letter to him? Get in touch with him yourself - keep it polite. If he's the Tory chief whip, you do know what his stance on Brexit is. Though you can pretend.
Whatever one's views on Brexit, there is no legal, political or economic basis for NI to be detached from the rest of the UK. Nationalism ignores these fundamental realities, insisting that its 'demands' be met otherwise violence will ensue. Thus illustrating its revanchist aims.
No Brexit also brings certainty; rather more stability; and no years of negotiating trade deals not only with the EU but also with the rest of the world. Why is this difficult to understand?
Brexit
It would be a total waste of time and money. She must think Corbyn is a push over though. He should reflect on that!
This old Fry and Laurie sketch is going viral because it basically sums up Brexit
I am still at a loss to how you have served your country? The delivery of brexit has been a disaster, if soldiers hiding in holes performed as well as you they’d be dead! Maybe you’d like to address a veterans group face to face? #FaceTheEnemy
Brexit’s Plan B Has a Fatal Flaw via
!!! WTO says BORDER’S COOL — LET’S GO !!! #Brexit boost from bloc busting WTO, as the trade body dismisses Globalist Irish border ruse as irrelevant !!!
Sick to death of this now. On and on and on it goes.
I'm happy to come back to the UK and peacefully protest for a new referendum on #Brexit with all of you of like minds. I won't make a difference on my own but a few million of us together will.
Er....the Conservatives are the current government and Labour the party of opposition. There are no other parties capable of delivering Brexit. And certainly not a minority regional party such as the SNP.
Britain needs to ditch May
Theresa May accused of 'dangerous' Brexit cover-up as she blocks full publication of legal advice on her deal via
just BREXIT and then renege on the payment. get ahhht, now!
Carry on Wm and MSM, you’re doing a wonderful work for Scottish independence.
If you read one thread this week then this will be the most important. Please think about what this means. #ExtinctionRebellion #ClimateBreakdown #ClimateChange
No 10 rejects call to include Sturgeon in TV Brexit debate
The #LibDems. When reviewed each of the three main parties' #GE2017 manifestos, they found that those on the lowest incomes would be better-off under a #LibDems govt. And also, May &amp; Corbyn's Brexit would make austerity look like a holiday.
Oh how I wish Theresa May would do the same.Or is this dreadful deal really the best she can do? That would be almost as bad I suppose. #Brexit #DitchTheDeal #BrexitBetrayal
The reality is there is no good reason to leave, the campaigning hype of better border controls and more money for the NHS misled those that voted leave. The health minister has announced more money for the nhs and confirmed its not linked to brexit
The Prime Minister is heading up to Scotland tomorrow to try to persuade the public to get behind her Brexit deal. She's taken the precaution of banning The...
I just demanded that the broadcasters promise fair representation in the TV Brexit debates. I think the public should hear from anti-Brexit voices as well as Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn. Add your name to 's petition:
Do not accept Theresa May's false binary choice of "Deal or No Deal", intended to bludgeon us into accepting her crap Brexit. Join us on Friday at this Global Event to #BuggerBrexit via RT
He would be able to prove that she is a puddlelicker....
Its as if she's preparing for a #PeoplesVote
Jordan Peterson on Brexit and the Doom of the EU
Hypocrite you supporting all this its called brexit you should be running up and down the country looking into crime homeless unemployment racism and treatment of the people who "jumped queues" so little mean man why dont you move on into sunset
brexit is pointless the sooner people realise the better
20 easy-to-understand points from Patrick Kielty to explain why Boris Johnson’s waffle about Brexit in relation to Northern Ireland is a bag of shite on the floor of a shite factory in the small town of Shite, in the county of Shiteshire. I particularly like Number 20.
Theresa May I surrendered for you, we're Sharia now. #ArmisticeDay100 #Armistice100 #Brexit #Corrie #thedrumawards #labour
Hold on a minute. If Leo signs up for this UN immigration pact thing. We will need a fence on the border. There is no way the UK will allow unlimited migration from the 26 into 6. We are fighting brexit and he is stabbing us in the back. He must be stopped from signing this pact
Truth bomb
if the brexit deal passed by 1 vote, i'm sure everyone will just be abe to forget about brexit and concentrate on normal life just like the PM keeps saying.
At #HaringeyFullCouncil, the Labour leader of the Council just claimed that our amendment on Brexit was 'a distraction'. If leaving the EU pushes the UK economy back into recession, I think he may regret saying that!
Confession: In my head I hear all tweets about #Brexit in British historian David Starkey's voice with the same tone of horror he uses to describe Katherine of Aragon getting fat or William the Conquerer's bowels exploding in his coffin.
Surely teresa may and cohorts . .knew this from day1. . . Uk always in the driving seat. . Needs2play hardball. . . . . Errr unless you dont want a brexit(democracy)#poor.politicians
British bulldogs are loyal loveing and kind, the French bulldog has more of sense of humour, originated from the lace factories in Nottingham, ending up in France after the industrial revolution. Will my FB have to leave post brexit? ....did she 'push In' #windrushwoofers
You're crying in your cornflakes for a rebate that costs £5bn a year, when brexit has already cost the UK much more in just 2 years? Lost the EMA, lost the EBA, thousands of jobs already gone, growth slowest of oecd. And that's before we get into the human costs.
Getting pelters from the queue - didn't give a fuck. Should have had negotiate Brexit, absolute balls of steel #SAFC
You cannot negotiate with EU before leaving. Firstly, take a clean leave from the EU and have a relationship with EU under WTO rules. Then, and only then, negotiate a FTA with EU, taking as long as the EU cares to take. Meanwhile UK immediately benefits from Brexit opportunities.
Three Quarters of UK Carmakers Fear No-Deal Brexit-SMMT
How can we trust anything or the Government says on #Brexit when the are so blatantly trying to hide any information that goes against their position
Three Quarters of UK Carmakers Fear No-Deal Brexit-SMMT
Steve Bell on Trump savaging May's Brexit deal – cartoon
The £100bn a year #brexit cost - imagine if this was used to support SEN children in #school
Ummmmm.....how is the Commons meant to make an informed decision on our behalf? What a mess.
Either way, I wouldn’t waste my licence fee on the clowns
. want to give a free pass to muggers and killers, as long as they're riding motorbikes. Shows you exactly whose side they're on. Sadly because of Brexit this won't get the coverage it deserves.
The latest Mike's News! #brexit #reutersfintech
Also worth reading this
We need a #peoplesdebate
Hmm, so the same gov't now attempting to reassure us of their financial competence re #Brexit is the same gov't that allowed this situation to develop? Just a thought, but I'd rather ditch the current gov't and #PeoplesVote to #remain
BBC News - Brexit deal 'will cost UK £100bn' a year by 2030
I'm not sure who I want sacking more right now... Phil Parkinson or Theresa May #bwfc #parkyout #Brexit
UK PM May and ministers agree to continue preparation for risk of no deal Brexit #FijiTImes
#Corbyn to block People's Vote taking part in Brexit TV debate
Especially when that MP was elected in 2017 on a manifesto that PLEDGED to honour the euref result, to complete #Brexit, to take the UK OUT of the eu SM, CU, CAP, CFP &amp; to end ECJ jurisdiction Shame on any Tory MP who votes aye to May’s #BRINO #WithdrawalAgreement
But you never believed in Brexit, you fucking charlatan! You only ever believed in your own self-advancement.
Seriously Billy some of us that oppose Brexit have never voted Tory. Ps still have my Red Wedge badge.
May heads to Scotland as Brexit deal founders in Westminster
Good luck! What will he say to Scottish fishermen?
Might as well have a debate with a child about whether Father Christmas is real or not. Believing in something doesn't make it so. A real debate would involve someone who can explain why Brexit is a good idea and has evidence to back it up but such a person doesn't exist
Massive support for Brexit in this country and with no election planned it'd be political suicide.
This is an intelligent critique of Norway Plus. A majority of my constituents voted Leave but I think a majority would have voted Remain if Cameron has secured an emergency break like the one in Article 112 of the EEA Agreement.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
No 10 tries to keep Sturgeon off televised Brexit debate | News | The Times
Exactly so. He stated he will take a rifle to the streets if T.May does not deliver the xenophobic Brexit. He is a fascist, a demagogue and a racist bastard!
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
BBC News - Brexit: Theresa May denies 'rolling over' on deal
European Standards Organizations CEN and CENELEC approve BSI’s full membership post-Brexit. At least there is one less unknown out of the approaching abyss.
I am reliably informed that #UKIP #Farage is having serious #MuellerTime related panic attacks about this article and any mention of Kevin Bonici’s name. Please don’t share it and cause ‘poor’ Nigel to soil his underwear #TrumpRussia #BrexitRussia
UK lords bash BBC for Brexit coverage calling it foreign organization supporter
If its such a good deal why not take it to the British public? #PeoplesVote
Brexit is Brexit. UK off! #brexit
Im sure there will be a trade windfall and more money sloshing around for education as a result of Brexit.
Hello world out there. The government wishes to isolate us from You with Brexit. You can see what’s happening with this corrupt Tory government, right? #StopBrexitNow
Well that was a fascinating debate on #brexit with and ! Thank you both so much for your time and comments! You will be able to hear a preview of what is to come this weekend tomorrow! It's sounding good! -
New slogan meets old. "National interest" joined by "resilience". No, it's not in the national interest and it's certainly not resilient to throw the country down the toilet, it's called putting your head in the sand.
A brilliant response So what do you say to this? The truth hurts?
This is my issue with it too. But every form of Brexit that isn’t a wholehearted remain (not hopeful) means British politics is crucified by Brexit for the next decade anyway. Might as well keep free movement while it is.
Hoorah for this! giving us a laugh at the unedifying spectacle of last week’s UK politics. ‘Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day | Marina Hyde
haha, Donald Trump is talking perfect sense on May’s Brexit deal
What tf are you hiding May? . Now we know 100% Why we should all #VoteDownTheDeal
Dear Europe. Just because we are not in your club, does not mean that we don’t care or won’t be here when you need us.... as we have always been in the past. We just want to feel free and explore the world. Love, the UK. #brexit
Write to your MP today to tell them you're #NotBuyingIt. No one wants this dodgy #Brexit deal. Demand a #PeoplesVote:
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
"Downing Street will reportedly not give full Brexit legal advice to MPs"
When will the lying stop? The people need to know that even if the #BrexitDeal allowed us to conclude our own trade deals, we would be trading less. We cannot retreat from Europe and pretend we are advancing in the world. #BrexitReality
Brexit: What will happen if MPs reject Theresa May's deal?
Television : A People's Vote speaker to be represented in the televised Brexit debate - Sign the Petition! via
But you’re not better than this are you ? Intent is clear You get a public platform to trash the EU and dismiss a #PeoplesVote You can promote your equally as cake-&amp;-cherry not-happening hard #Brexit But at least your members will see how little party democracy means
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Hahahahahahahahahahahahaha Backstabbing Gove - gimme strength. Michael Gove unleashed as Theresa May’s ‘secret weapon’ in bid to sell Brexit deal to Tory MPs
Mays Brexit deal is more positive than this united team. #MUNYB
You’ve realised that this is a German political satire show, right?
They say dreaming is good for you even when a fantasy.
One point in favour of Brexit - it may get rid of these dickheads
Ook de Amerikaanse president Donald Trump heeft een mening over de #brexit-deal: "Sounds like a great deal for the EU”. De BBC analyseert. #nog123dagen
1-2-3 anti Corbyn. You lot are just so predictable. I will leave you to the cult and mute as people are right it’s impossible to have any logical discussion with the Brexit Taliban.
This is as much Corbyn's Brexit as it is May's I am not the only one will never forgive nor forget
Can you park it in Plymouth. We going Bollox to Brexit aswell.
From the first new regulation on vacuum power ratings, or kettle efficiency, or lightbulbs (what is it with people and lightbulbs?), the Brexit Ultras would set about it crying “betrayal”, and “vassal state”, and “why do they want to ban British cauliflower”, and so on. 4/
I just demanded that the broadcasters promise fair representation in the TV Brexit debates. I think the public should hear from anti-Brexit voices as well as Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn. Add your name to 's petition:
#FAB it is then
There you go
More bullsh*t.
A similar thing has happened over here because of Brexit. Many people have lost friends because of it; and it has even split some families.
The voice of the sort of future looking, inclusive, progressive and respected politician the #UK currently lacks. #BrexitShambles #PeoplesVoteNow
You need to stop being a fool and give us the brexit we voted for and just leave on WTO or you will guarantee the demise of the tory party at next election never to rise again
In case you missed this from
Oi Pinocchio, 17.41 million didn't vote for any so called "deal" masquerading as brexit. At best it is BRINO &amp; makes the UK an EU colony if &amp; until they decide otherwise. You are putting your career/party above the country.
The actual question of staying in the EU will not drag on for years. The question of the post-Brexit relationship may drag on, but by that point we'll be out of the EU.
The debate should be between proponents of the realistic outcomes rather than criminally deceitful who monopolised the conversation last time. You had your go, how about you piss off now?
‘While I still believe Brexit is a lose-lose scenario for the EU and the UK, our method in these negotiations – thanks to both sides – has allowed us to reach the best deal possible in these difficult circumstances. We have always worked with the UK, never against them.’
Why don't we just let Zuckerberg/Facebook decide Brexit? It's not like the Government can do anything about whatever he does, try as they might.
We hear them every week (when Parliament sits) for PMQs. Not a lot of light then either, all sound bites &amp; obfuscation. What new will we learn form a head to head limited by both sets of their red lines. We need a debate to include all viable options, an advocate for each option.
in no world did i ever imagine seeing any of these put together in headline
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
Your comment “he’s a bot don’t entertain him” suggested you were agreeing with Paul. I’m a democrat so I believe brexit should happen, I just don’t think we should be lead of a cliff edge because of ideology instead reality.
sorry but you are lying through your teeth. Trump is right you have been connex by the EU. Total Muppet May.
Precisely! There is no point having a debate between two people on the same side who voted Remain. She's too cowardly to take on a true Brexiteer like JRM, Boris or even Andrea Leadsom who actively campaigned for Leave!
I was always expecting an extremely soft Brexit, but this deal seems an awful version of it. I wish I could be more optimistic! What should I know that will make me happier with it?
In defence of Jacob Rees-Mogg and his Brexit Dad's Army
Divine right of Theresa May. The penalty set by Parliament is removal of the head from the body with an axe—unless the miscreant runs off to the continent ...
This is interesting.......
hard Brexit Gary Taylor Fletcher has gone to Bangor
Nothing has divided the nation quite like the Anne lovers vs haters since Brexit #ImACeleb
Treasury who told you Leave would mean 500,000 job losses and a recession now want you to believe No Deal Brexit means £150 billion hit. Do you believe them?
I've a feeling these people ought to know....
insightful documentary on #UK #diplomacy and #power, esp. its waning influence in the course of #Brexit. Diplomatic #competence definitively to be reconsidered with re. to #BorisJohnson - oh boy!
The best of friends should always tell you when you’re about to make a balls of things. Even if you fall out, a bit, briefly, as a result. Mine do. Don’t yours? And Trump is right. Finishing off Theresa May and making WTO work is the best way forward now.
How to make Brexit even more joyless
They wouldn't be pro-Brexit, that's for sure. Look what happened to them in England in the 5th century. Strong cross-channel ties matter.
How can May say that she is committed to reducing immigration post Brexit' when she is considering signing this pact which will enable uncontrolled immigration. The woman is mad. This is population replacement. The US, Australia &amp; several European nations have already refused.
Couple stockpile four months of spare food in case of no deal Brexit via There’s pathetic and then there is this!!
I'm feeling depressed. Brexit isn't going to happen.
Well to quote the Migration Advisory Committee No evidence.. Oh and the numbers closer to 500,000 with 3.6M in skilled and 537,000 in highly skilled.
I mean seriously WTF? At every single stage Corbyn has failed us by enabling Theresa May’s Brexit. The Labour front bench is an incoherent joke.
I believe you will find that every single positive reason for Brexit also applies to independence for Scotland. If you support Brexit, you cannot support the Act of Union. Do you want to try answering questions instead of posing more without answering the previous ones?
you realise that by membership is bigger than the Tories.. If this is union Scotland's elected majority party must be heard.
Blair is blinkered about this Brexit deal like he was with Iraq. There are 200 countries the world nit just France and Germany
Brexit: Are businesses leaving UK as Trump claims?
You still ignore the facts, he made very little impact on the ref, he wanted to evoke A50 immediately, any brexit is going to reduce prosperity, taxes, jobs, therefore less money to help the poor, support him by all means but you can't hide from facts, he's a brexiteers at heart
He needs to stop lying, they all need to stop lying. We are in this mess due to to lies, our politicians are too scared of sensible debate. Why hasn't brexit ever been properly debated?
UK Government corruption &amp; Human Rights abuse will decimate the Country quicker than Brexit. Undeniable evidence of law firms bringing perjured cases to Court based on false witness testimony to conceal serious crime, aided by the Judiciary.
have made an excellent attempt at trying to pin this down, while conceding the great many unknowns. (The range of results reflects this). Their methodology alone is well worth a read.
They are not the facts. The most important facts are that brexit is a disaster for Britain, based on lies and that the majority of the British people demand a peoplesvote.
There's the myth of parliamentary sovereignty well and truly busted.
Should British voters be given a referendum on the final Brexit deal? 4 292 users have voted. Share your opinion!
What utter twaddle! Those things have nothing to do with Brexit!
Boris Johnson wades into TV debate row with call for Brexit supporter to take part
No-one else is going to deliver Brexit. Allowing the electorate to hear what they have to offer is probably pretty important. More so than having assorted clowns grandstanding and generating more heat than light.
The fact a Remainer A. supports May and B. The deal shows everything Brexiteers need to know. This is not Brexit!
Kinda had a kermit vision for a moment there!
Theresa May not requesting Trump G-20 meeting after his Brexit comments
Well let's hope they aren't as duplicitous as him !
Unless it's being used to highlight the flaws in the supposed justification of #Brexit in the first case ? Unless some as yet unknown technological solution materialises there are two diametrically positions regarding respective red lines ? Either of which affects Ireland ?
Much as I want to see the AG’s advice, the govt is right to stand firm on this: effective government is almost impossible if the Cabinet cannot obtain legal advice in confidence: terrible precedent.
Brexit means thousands will lose their jobs, more serious underfunding of hospitals, schools and other public services, businesses closing, young people living in uncertainty, then why do MPs in touch with reality hold out for Brexit? Time to acknowledge the facts: #PeoplesVote.
Theresa May accused of 'dangerous' Brexit cover-up as she blocks full publication of legal advice on her deal. What was that about the importance of Parliamentary sovereignty? #peoplesvote via
Hear,hear... sad but true “The report found that the UK ranks 35th out of 37 for the number of CT scanners per person, and 31st out of 36 for MRI scanners, and called for the NHS to "invest significantly".”
Excellent. Dominic Grieve has been superb in standing up against the lunatic brexit/ERG fringe of the Tory party over the last 12 months. Well deserved.
are around they will be utterly bemused how as humanity was facing extinction we (the British) decided Brexit was the most pressing issue of the day and not climate change and pollution. Of which the Tories seem to care nothing about.
. This sums it it very well for me Brian.
It's time for this abuse of democracy to stop! What are you going to do about it? #StopBrexitSaveBritain #PeoplesVote
4) or #brexit will capitulate and send #TheresaMay to whe wolves. these are extreme times on a global scale, the #InternationalLaw fraternity are scrambling to be prepared for worst case scenarios, and all this is a precursor to something much worse.
Dear Reader: he wasn’t.
Come on folks, let's expose this propaganda. If nothing else, the more people who see this, the more we'll embarrass these reporters. Even some of their Pacific Quay colleagues must be embarrassed by this.
I bet money that this will be the Labour party’s official policy by then end of the week
Maybe there’s a pattern here. I had this conversation in my work place last week. Most of the academic uni grads whom work in my pharmaceutical company voted remain whilst myself and my co directors voted for brexit. Why did the men at the top who run businesses vote for brexit?
Three quarters of UK carmakers fear no-deal Brexit - SMMT | Reuters
not in govt. Unions have been shouting for yrs. Heads went on demo. Angela Rayner doing a really good job in Opposition, but Brexit is swallowing up almost all Parliamentary time &amp; press coverage. Govt are using it to cover up all sorts of ghastly tricks, incl cuts to schools.
Just had a flashback to the Birmingham Six Appeal. Something about better they stay in jail than the legal system to be found wanting?
Not that any MP is anything like poor, of course . .
No deal Brexit.....UK your fruit &amp; veggies are about to go up!...
Brexit is wrecking him and her
If this is truly reflective of the public, we’re fucked
Pure propaganda- the Express like the Mail is now a Remain agitator. Avoid, avoid, avoid
The latest Finance Banter Daily! #brexit #reutersfintech
Just announced: our 2018 Politician of the Year is ! David has been chosen"in recognition of the significant impact he has made in continuing to speak powerfully on the Grenfell Tower fire, the Windrush scandal and Brexit." #PSAAwards
More chance of a secure brexit deal than me becoming emotionally stable xxxx
You're right, we should never trust clowning in politics My own view is that it would do us the world of good to put an end to lying in politics This case by will help #HoldThemToAccount #leadership #ProsecuteBoris
F any single one of them do then the whip must be withdrawn immediately
Brexit could hit British-based F1 teams and European races, say McLaren
Pass it round
Bollocks. He, you and the rest of the lying charlatans r shown in your true colours. No amount of hedging gets away from the cake and eat it, same trading terms as now, Brexit dividend and fox’s observation that misled the British people. Chickens coming home to roost.
I'm going to lose my job because of Brexit. Freedom of movement is vital for this economy. How dare you vote for May's deal. Give the choice back to the people otherwise the country will never forgive the politicians who enabled this shit.
Have a read of this. Note the NFU categorically state we can never be self sufficient.
Agree, I can’t see tories risking loosing control of the brexit process, I think they want full control of the outcome, on their terms.
What is she scared of ??
via 'Planned from the start!' Caller warns Farage of his BIG CONCERN with May's Brexit deal #UK_News
Theresa May due to visit Glasgow tomorrow to sell her Brexit Plan that will 'strengthen the Union'
or to debate with then
Bring popcorn: 'What happens next? The five Brexit scenarios'
'People were sold a lie': Ruthin restless over May's Brexit deal
Not much of a debate as they mostly agree on the awful Brexit deal ... Corbyn only opposing it for party political opportunism
Gotta agree Keithy. Good Brexit manager.
We don’t have any of those things in any case. We’re not in Schengen or the Euro, and we currently have the same input to EU laws as every other member.
I think so; and his power is via two things that govt. desire: Social control and money. That's why he's got it. Time we curtail these cunts' power, mate. We can't allow capitalism to have more power than govt., and that's why Brexit's not going to occur.
Her deal is even deader than Glenn Rhee on #TWD then. #Brexit #BrexitAgreement #DitchTheDeal #StandUp4Brexit
Whore.
Theresa May is a real and present danger to this country. She really, genuinely, is a traitor.
Podcast questions? Tag them #rantcast
Once supplies dry up because of #brexit you will be glad of 200 grit sandpaper
Brexit is not about FoM.
Brits Had a 'No Deal' Clean Brexit in 1940 - Daily Squib: LONDON - England - Britain has already had a No Deal Brexit, and it occurred in 1940 mostly over the Kent countryside.
“Mrs May you have helped to divide this country to such an extent that families and friends are now no longer talking to each other, you have managed to negotiate a deal far worse than the one we had and all to keep together a party of millionaires . . “
Join us on the 9th #BrexitBetrayalMarch #BrexitBetrayal #MayMustGo #MayMustGoNow #SackOlly
12 days of Brexmas: The countdown to the Prime Minister’s Brexit vote
Sorry brexit means brexit.
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
The next part of Project Fear is to convince people Brexit will make the earth flat.
It’s almost as if Brexit is terrible for the country and they’re trying to hide something...
The Milken Institute London Summit is set to kick off in a week. More than 1,000 CEOs, government officials, investors, philanthropists and policy experts from the UK, US, Europe, Asia, Africa and the Americas will tackle Brexit, t…
It is worth listening to the northern Irish people re the GFA. Here is the man who won a Nobel prize for signing it explaining why it's not a problem
Fucking hell.
In 2017 everyone was voting against the party they feared most. If both parties appear to stand for Brexit at the next election, the right will all continue to vote Tory and the left vote will be all over the place.
UK government and Bank of England to give Brexit reports on Wednesday
May truly is the stupidest world leader in office. Trump is stupid in the sense he knows nothing about law &amp; order but he’s achieving the evil things he wants. May will not get the vote by not letting MPs see the full legal advice. She really is so fucking unbelievably stupid.
Labours plan for Brexit as you’ve described it, is not Brexit. Because the EU won’t give out those goodies without adherence to their rules, ECJ etc. Same point.
WTF is an RN ship doing off the coast of Crimea? Are they trying to provoke an international incident to divert our attention from Brexit?
Who wants to watch these two spouting the same ole same ole guff we’ve been hearing for years when “Strictly” and “Celebrity” are on offer.
These adorable dogs triggered a thread that made me smile. FYI , are you following this account?
Theresa May accused of 'dangerous' Brexit cover-up as she blocks full publication of legal advice on her deal -
Another con job!
Write to your MP today to tell them you're #NotBuyingIt. No one wants this dodgy #Brexit deal. Demand a #PeoplesVote:
Like Theresa May, you are now indulging in economy of information and word play. We can only achieve what you are saying if we have left the EU. The Draft Withdrawal Agreement is not Brexit. It is not leaving the EU. You should know this.
No-one is going to drag this out. If UK reverses course before exiting it will stay on current terms. The payoff for the rest? The fun of throwing a Brexit reversal at their local loony-exit-fringe.
in no world did i ever imagine seeing any of these words put together in headline
Sadiq Khan: Erect a Statue of Steve Bray (Mr Shouty Stop Brexit man) on the 4th Plinth in Trafalgar Sq - Sign the Petition! via
Brexit must mean Brexit Don't be put off by EU trolls Not even EU trolls from Brussels: Alex Mason Climate and energy policy at WWF EU. Previously UK Government and EU Commission.
What property investment strategy shall I use during Brexit. 1. Flip 2. Rental 3. Overseas Purchase 4. London and the ripple effect #Brexit #RealEstate #Property #Finance #Investment
This tweet from Lidington sums up what’s wrong with the Government approach to Brexit. They are trying to satisfy everyone. It can’t be done
We do need a moderate &amp; unifying deal, but unfortunately the government's withdrawal agreement isn't it. I really wish it were, but it only deepens the problem that led to #Brexit in the first place: the majority view that frictionless trade took away too much sovereignty. 1/3
Brexiteer intellect and logic in one tweet. Face facts- the average man in the street too stupid to understand complexities of #brexit
Bloody disgrace! Theresa May accused of 'dangerous' Brexit cover-up as she blocks full publication of legal advice on her deal via
May’s brexit plan
, You are clearly in denial! What did any of that even mean?! The majority of YOUR constituents do not support Brexit and it is US that decide your future in Parliament. Time for a reality check before your party is out of office for a generation. #PeoplesVote
he is not even the best person to put forward a case for #Remain in that debate
Another citizen #InLimbo, Elly.
Brexit deal summary – how YOU could be affected by Theresa May’s plan to leave the EU
The far right is marching for Brexit. Will the left stand against it? | Michael Chessum
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Theresa May accused of 'dangerous' Brexit cover-up as she blocks full publication of legal advice on her deal' | via SO WHAT IS SHE HIDING NOW?
Should we also have an investigation into why BBC are so anti Brexit and find out how much money they receive from the EU and what the payments are for? Now that would be interesting!
Yet supposed intelligent MPs, cabinet ministers, business leaders and a host of others think it’s ok! I despair how cheeply they sell their country and thank my stars they are a minority.
Fresh row looms as No 10 refuses to publish full Brexit legal advice
The matrix is broken part 2
“There is no point having a debate with two people who voted Remain &amp; deals that don’t take back control.
They need to fit revolving doors in Downing Street. It will make all of the u-turns a whole lot easier! #LeaveMeansLeave #StandUp4Brexit
Brexit FC lovely stuff
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
Oh dear. Health Secretary Matt Hancock, continuing to talk of a “Brexit dividend” for the NHS. This is getting as old as the 350 million a week.
Why won't you publish the legal papers on brexit Mrs May? What are you hiding? I hope all MPs will #VoteDownTheDeal
Is this the same who are Tories about the loss of FOM creating skills shortages post-Brexit?
The SDLP are spot on with this Brexit deal - Northern Ireland NEEDS this. May might not have found a deal to satisfy any one side of the Brexit scale in England, but she kept her promise to deliver for Northern Ireland. The DUP will risk the integrity of the UK by voting it down.
Can we please just send to the #G20Summit instead?
The time must be very close now when you realise this deal will fail badly in Parliament. Isn’t it better to show leadership and say to the people heres the best we can get now vote to accept or stay in. At least theres integrity in this, sadly lacking in most brexit propaganda
Spot on. There is a lot they're talking about but not a lot they can do if the #BrexitBetrayal is voted down. Last minute changes or #WTOBrexit
Just sickened watching #school. So we have a Government of people that were lucky to have privileged private educations. The same ‘educated’ people driving the carnage that is #brexit. And those same ‘humans’ denying many SEN kids a basic education. Shame on you
Illegal, I would assume.
Write to your MP today to tell them you're #NotBuyingIt. No one wants this dodgy #Brexit deal. Demand a #PeoplesVote:
Is this the same as Strong and Stable? Back the Brexit deal! It’s the worst deal ever We are not going to give the UK to the EU
Being spent on Brexit. #StopBrexitSaveBritain
BBC News - Brexit deal 'could cut UK growth by 5.5%' by 2030
Took the guns and we haven’t had a mass school shooting since. On a side note, Brexit is going ahead, unfortunately. I’m not sure if they have developed the technology to dictate speech and thoughts yet but I’m sure PJ will be the first to let us know.
Hard brexit goal from Man U
When my kids ask for a treat and I throw an out of season peach at their head..
Join us on the 9th #BrexitBetrayalMarch #BrexitBetrayal #MayMustGo #MayMustGoNow #SackOlly
has played all the right cards so far I trust him completely far far more honest than any Tory. #GTTO
Totally agree with every point you make. I would add that they know she speaks for her country, despite the propaganda against her and her party, and that terrifies them.
I trust my MP will be supporting representation from #PeoplesVote.
Disgusting this Government Brexit Betrayed Migration Pact (NONE of us were asked for it to be either inflicted on us or maximised , never once were we asked!!!!) Disgusting . .I spit on them .
She’s struggling but to no avail I guess! Jeremy Corbyn accepts Theresa May's challenge to debate Brexit live on TV
Brexit is a vote for slow decline, and the problem with slow decline is that it doesn't produce clear moments at which voters or elites realize that their situation is deteriorating. Instead, rely on Parliamentary &amp; EU calendars to force crises.
He hasn’t though has he? It’s called common assault and is a race hate crime. Wasn’t invented by brexit...
One has to ask her real motivations.
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
Austerity is much to blame, but if Brexit isn't stopped then Austerity will worsen, no matter who's in Gvt....
i tried punchun a muslerm with the brexit backhander then my ribs crack and let a good groan whilst i fled the scene with my shopping for the missus
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Trouble is JC is not better than that. His position on freedom of movement is flirting with UKIP. Brexit in and of itself is a movement of the far right, passionately campaigned for by EDL/BNP/BritainFirst and UKIP monsters. JC backs #Brexit.
Terrible, he was at fault for 6 goals, the weather, failed brexit talks and Ryan Hedges broken toe.
Wonderful work! Congratulations. When Brexit has been consigned to the dustbin of lunacy, some people will be recognised as playing a role of pivotal importance. Jo Maugham will be in that hall recognised by a grateful nation!
HIDING SOMETHING??? Theresa May accused of 'dangerous' Brexit cover-up as she blocks full publication of legal advice on her deal via
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Fracking=one component. •Excessive motor usage: single occupancy/averge 3km jnys/deters cycling&amp;walking/brings down NHS/&gt; lung,heart,psychl disorders+ diabetes&gt;amputions. •Children denied the exhilaration of cycling: autonomous, healthy, active, transportation &gt;&gt;12 years
Not sure what’s more depressing, listening to people talk about Brexit or watching Man Utd play.
#TuesdayTip I think the #Brexit deal is going to a party, then leaving but first they tell you, what you can or can't do. My thought, the consequences can never be impersonal.
Lies, lies and more lies. It's time to get on and remove the useless Maybot and them just maybe we might actually get Brexit. The proposed deal is a surrender to the EU.
Incredible post-Brexit dystopian vision "Sturgeon says that it wasn’t much more than twenty years after they vote...
She’s asking them to vote on a blind Brexit while gouging our their eyes. If she had any confidence in her own arguments they should be subject to the same kind of minute scrutiny the right applies to every flatulent outburst from the Opposition front bench.
Trump compares himself to Elvis. It didn’t end well for him either. #ConsensusInvest #TravelTuesday #GivingTuesday #Trump #Manafort #MuellerKnowsEverything #MuellerIsComing #Russia #Ukraine #TearGassingChildren #Resist #Brexit #Resistance #Maddow #BeTheGood #Khashoggi
I've always loved Mike Harding's dry wit and this letter says exactly what I and many others think. What a star!
Pointless debate. Let's have sturgeon in. People with views and plans
How can the government just ignore a binding vote in the commons? Doesn't the entire system break down then?
No. It’s leave or remain. ie May’s deal or no brexit. No deal is not something MPs will consider. Only the loopy ERG ones.
You and many of your colleagues have spent the last two years metaphorically with your fingers in your ears singing la la la la, not challenging politicians over Brexit at all. You and the BBC have been complicit in promoting this mess.
in no world did i ever imagine seeing any of these words being in the same sentence, let alone a headline
Considering the antics of Boris Johnson on the BBC clips circulated today and the ongoing Brexit debate, I hardly think the Russians care about UK sanctions.. they just exploit the power vacum .
Yup. Interesting thread too...
If you’re a Teacher in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a catastrophe for you. If you live in Scotland then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this calamity! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
#School think about how much has already been spent on #Brexit and how that money could be so much better spent. #SENCO
#Bbcnews Oh #Laurak and the BBC Just HAVE to bury this
Common sense no-bullshit British don't like or follow frauds like con-president -troll or (further declined) FAUX News, then they consistently won't endorse that blatant fraud called "brexit" either.
To conclude Country has no say and no mechanism that can give them a say in time Only thing Parliament agree on is that they don't want Theresa May's deal To then achieve anything other than No Deal Brexit on 29/03/19 would be extremely difficult politically/constitutionally
Agreed, we are on the same page. She is not defying anybody, it’s result of the old adage careful what you wish for. Brexit means Brexit was her mantra and that was her sycophants wishes. We now know what Brexit means and no one likes it #peoplesVote
Its not his business bugger off liar.
This is a link about an NCA investigation. So, this is the type of evidence u can provide. So, where is ur evidence of the serious accusations u have levelled at Europeans in the UK?
The Whitehall regime isn't going to allow us to leave the EU. We are not going to live under a dictatorship.
It's not about who's in power now, but what happens to the Brexit process. Labour leadership only thinks about winning uncertain elections. It would merely yield the same stalemate &amp; be a distraction to real priority for the country.
The latest The Paul Adams Daily! Thanks to #scfc #brexit
Everyone moans they could’ve done better
Just seen this as well. Very good thread from Chris Giles.
International trade minister Liam Fox visits Israel to push post-Brexit trade via
De Gea could save brexit
That should go well
congratulations in order?
Just... watching Doomsday Preppers, knitting my own socks, waiting for a big delivery of tinned goods from Asda. But don't worry! I'm sure Brexit will be FINE.
Oh dear...
May just told us how to stop Brexit…
Thread on the ECJ hearing on irrevocability of A50. I love that lead EC lawyer is called Hubert Legal
Brexit Impact Tracker
Fantastic post from my local Mp who speaks nothing but sense on the matter. Cap duly doffed.
Curious what you mean by this? If the UK leaves the EU as a result of Brexit then this is a nesessary step in the . Totally separate from any future agreement between the UK and EU as part of the future economic partnership
You think Britain's former colonies now known as the "Commonwealth" will be queuing up to sign trade deals with Brexit Britain ? #TheresaMay #Farage #DUP #UKIP
Yes it is. Enabled by Brexit. I am sure his parents are proud of this video, scumbags.
Ctrl+F and Replace "disastrous" with "jolly good"
Bollocks* 2 Brexit
Pure shitin it
Stop telling the people what they want you traitorous cow. The people want to leave the fucking EU and you're keeping them in. What the hell is wrong with you
Davies was never on the list.
What a Tory Govt - it has now become a dictatorship above the rule of Parliament. What hope for UK?
This should be read by everyone!
May hands down!
Boos at the #PSAAwards as they give the "Statesman of the Year" award. In a written text he says Brexit is a "lose lose". Half true.
Sadly this is England this is Brexit ....enjoy brexiteers. #StopBrexit
"The UK automotive industry is not shy of hard work. And we must work continuously to inspire and nurture the next generation of designers, engineers and technologists." SMMT President Tony Walker on UK automotive investing in people #SMMTAnnualDinner
Most who use the hashtag condemn those people and their policies. The urgent priority is to stop a disastrous Brexit
So incredibly well deserved. If you don’t follow David on Twitter start now - a brilliant politician and human being.
It's very nice of Jeremy Corbyn to gather together his core support to show them a magic trick - "I can make what little money you have disappear, and keep your vote!" But shouldn't he rather stop Brexit from squeezing or ending their incomes?
Haha, now the #Russians meddled in the #Brexit vote too. lol
This is why I said last week the only way to truly kill this is leave with no deal, it’s the only way people will truly appreciate what being a member of the EU gives them. It will never end otherwise. A perpetual state of brexit. I can think of nothing worse.
I just demanded that the broadcasters promise fair representation in the TV Brexit debates. I think the public should hear from anti-Brexit voices as well as Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn. Add your name to 's petition:
. shedding some light on EU migration to the UK: EU citizens are more likely to move to the UK for work than non-EU citizens, and this is particularly the case for migrants from Romania and Bulgaria
Go away...we told you we don't want Brexit and Defoe don't want Chequers (if that's how you spell it)
Jon Snow - A forrest of MPs rejected the deal Robin Walker(#brexit minister) - Actually that's not what I saw... Jon Snow - Minister, we don't seem to be talking about the same story... yesterday was a disaster for the Govt/Tory Party &amp; country. #peoplesvote #C4News
Not good enough. You have been required to hand it over but Parliament. Bundling. Mr Speaker — send the sergeant at arms into !!
Let's exclude Scotland. Let's exclude 16 million Remain voters. Who else can the Tories exclude? Lesson 1 Westminster matters. Lesson 2 The rest of us can get stuffed.
Remain = Betrayal of Democracy
Just saw Ep. 20. Boy were you wrong on France and Spain in retrospect. Remember, who could foresee the ref '16 result. I have no faith in the House on Dec 11th. Or any and all predictions regarding the outcome. It ain't over yet. #Brexit #NoDeal
It would be useful if you did some research on the Brexit subjects you are talking about. It's appalling how little you know. You have no idea about International Trade, import and export controls, WTO or the British Border in Ireland.
Would be so good to have a large crowd of us outside Parliament, when the vote is taking place on the Brexit deal. I believe that it would be unwise to relax at this critical stage. We need to be seen and heard. #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit
Well said.
, You are clearly in denial! What did any of that even mean?! The majority of YOUR constituents do not support Brexit and it is US that decide your future in Parliament. Time for a reality check before your party is out of office for a generation. #PeoplesVote
Go at them House of Commons ... get the full legal advice ( ps I voted Leave)
It really isn't. Get Caroline Lucas to say Brexit is bigger than climate change; you won't be able to.
How will your MP vote on Theresa May's Brexit deal? – The Guardian
It's a shame you can't get TVs screens on the day as this is the day may and Corbyn both remainers have a debate on brexit! Why did they decide to have it on the 9th of December It's obvious to me...
The economic slowdown from #Brexit, should at least help with a decrease in carbon emissions in some sectors... Albeit offset by the emissions from forging trade deals and importing and export goods with people in more distant lands.
Theresa May's Brexit Deal Is 'Doomed', Says Ex-Ally Michael Fallon -
It's ok, the DUP make a career from getting offended. It could be Brexit,it could be women's reproductive health,it could be same sex marriage, it could be flags,or equality,it could be just about anything. So she's probably just getting her turn outta the road.
Someone tell me are Labour..Brexit/Remain again I can't keep up ..!
Markets close today ok. But the next three weeks will define how the first quarter of next year is good or bad. All we need is to get clarity on any of those things (tariffs, Brexit, the Italian budget), especially tariffs, that would be positive for the market into next year.
Probably the best thing ever written on May’s Brexit.
Cayman Compass News: Mitchell: Theresa May is sabotaging Brexit
It's TM's fault in the first place to have dragged it out because she hadto find a duplicitous way of avoiding the proper Brexit which most people wanted!
Hoping this helps bring some much needed clarity on the future of ESF. So important for so many in Scotland.
Brentford form is unsurprising. what happens when you appoint a forner to the job instead of a brexit gaffer like Tony Mowbray.
If abstain in the Brexit deal vote , I will never vote labour again. I know that don’t care about my single vote but just imagine if every dissatisfied supporter did the same. Please retweet
We’re screwed.
You’re not afraid of a hard Brexit? Just read this tread and think twice.
Sure, then why are you making it so tough for the UK to leave?
The far right has been resurgent anyway, get out of your bubble. The far right want no deal a Brexit for the few!
If the govt doesn't believe in law and due process - tax season is upon us - perhaps we should withhold for a while?
Maybot doing what she does best lie to our faces about the Brexit deal
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Seems someone has an issue with memory. What is it drink? Drugs? Senility?
Immigration plans might not be published before Brexit vote, says Javid
Let her....
Spoiler: No
You are unbelievably ignorant. Are you paid to be this stupid? Here's the UK's post-Brexit WTO tariffs and the EU's real tariffs side by side.
Only a handful of people want a no deal brexit. Stop bull shitting
Brexiteers who think losing 2K and worth it. For what, crippled NHS, no Polish plumber, no freedom of Movement, scientific isolation? Think so xenophobic see and understand noting. Those figures are start up best case losses#brexit
I got that you were saying there are lots of important issues, but to someone in urgent need to resolve a specific issue, there really can be such things as ordering tasks appropriately. As an EU citizen here, Brexit is all I have the bandwidth to fight for at this moment.
Indeed and should do so with no delay so that we have a Merry Christmas and finally a Happy New Year.
I would happily challenge to a debate on brexit.
Doesn't mean he isn't right about brexit
Sick o hearing about fkn brexit.. Far more worried about austerity, &amp; the further cuts to come
The sad thing is there are lot of extreme Brexiteers that have this attitude.. They don't care who in Britain might be damaged by no-deal.. As long as they can arrogantly assert the 'purity' of their Brexit! Amazing we all actually call ourselves British! Sick and very sad!
UK carmakers warn no-deal Brexit would be ‘catastrophic’ via
Former Tory minister and May loyalist says we should delay Brexit to get a better deal
Aliens, Muslims, Blacks they're all the bloody same #Brexit #Brexitmeansbrexit
“But this may not be quite the Brexit that Donald Trump had in mind.”
This response to Theresa May’s letter has gone viral
Now is the time for business to decide how they want to influence “#Brexit Round Two” | Read our latest blog post:
She is not welcome in Glasgow /Scotland
No-deal Brexit: Amazon blamed for lack of food warehouse space (Video) : | #MUNYB
Please could Theresa May head my way in her selling Brexit tour. I have a box of 1 dozen eggs that are well past their use by date....
With all of the uncertainty around #brexit one thing's for sure, an EU/UK trade deal 'one of the easiest in human history'. How's that going ? #easiestinhumanhistory
Will the UK achieve adequacy after Brexit? Even the ICO isn't so sure via
Is in hock to the City of London and the UK tax havens?
This is how Brexit happened
British folks, why the heck can’t the Lib Dems gain any support from this Brexit catastrophe? Why are they political poison right now?
If abstain in the Brexit deal vote , I will never vote labour again. I know that don’t care about my single vote but just imagine if every dissatisfied supporter did the same. Please retweet
With No Agreement on Brexit, Britain Hurtles into the Abyss - Vanity Fair
Stop it. #Noway
Indeed. What on earth is the point of calling a general election as a response to this current brexshit disaster, if Labour have no coherent ideas about an alternative, including (obviously) cancelling the whole terrible idea?
All the #paramedics in the #NHS you people deserve a lot more support than your getting All the nurses n doctors in the NHS you too deserve more our government has failed you massively do more for these people with or without brexit
Signed.
Yes, Donald Trump is talking perfect sense on May’s Brexit deal | Peter Mandelson
BBC Scotland’s political editor under fire after news report pokes fun at FM’s Brexit press conference
Wee Nicky burbles.
Join us on the 9th #BrexitBetrayalMarch #BrexitBetrayal #MayMustGo #MayMustGoNow #SackOlly
This response to Theresa May’s letter has gone viral
PM hits back at Trump after he suggested the Brexit deal would hamper the UK's ability to trade with the US
Added to that, UK would be (rightly, I think), viewed with deep suspicion that the arrangement was not meant to be remotely permanent, and was just a way to get Brexit over the line before tearing it all up again. 6/
Apt visit to the farmers. One look at the bull reminds me of the load of bull we have been given by our PM. I have lost all beleath in Mrs. May. If you can't deliver on the Promises to the Brexit voters then time to step aside
Oh I wonder if its organised meetings only or will she nip into the local co.....
Brexit
Wrong! Its a debate about two versions of fooling those who voted Brexit!
News - Brexit: Theresa May denies 'rolling over' on deal Suppose May denies (cont)
Why ...it's not us she has to convince
What to expect from a no-deal Brexit - Free falling
#Brexit #Boris: Brexit debate must include Brexiteer -0f_Europe
Here is David Trimble again explaining that Brexit is not a threat to the peace in Northern Ireland nor will it necessitate a hard border (just the existing border that is there now)
given the near certainty of the Commons defeat on the meaningful vote, possibility of a change in PM/Government, this seems like the Government throwing its toys out of the pram
This tears all the agreements regarding brexit in shreds. If Ireland signs and UK doesn't we will need a fence on the border to keep out thousands of immigrants. Ireland cannot sign. Global compact for migration
Immigration plans might not be published before Brexit vote, says Javid
- 'People were sold a lie': Ruthin restless over May's Brexit deal
We too have spoken to many people. Businesses, employees, start-ups, long established companies. They do not feel the deal bring stability or certainty. They feel this is a bad deal for the UK, following rules with no say. Services ignored. Back the #PeoplesVote
Tbf, what else would you call Labour MPs who go to Downing St to take a briefing from a dead duck TORY prime minister with a view to propping up said TORY PM? Idiots. #brexit #GTTO
Essentially why can’t we have our cake and eat it. If the Brexit debacle has shown anything it’s that the status quo has a far stronger hand than those seeking to leave it...
Nothing to do with brexit. This shit has been going on long before Cameron called the referendum. Evil bullies &amp; probably got equally vile bullying racist family
!!! HONESTLYYYY A STRONG ADVOCATE OF BREXIT MEANS BREXIT
What utter rubbish. A legitimate referendum would either ratify the deal to leave or confirm people have changed their minds now they have a better view of what Brexit actually means.
Great letter from Gina Miller... read it!
Brexit: the bigoted vs the exasperated! We knew! What a waste of time, money and reputation.
And it's not possible to support the EU and fight for #ClimateChange As corporate lobbyist use their wealth to get their planet destroying methods overlooked by the EU.
lol I’m not debating May’s deal on here. I’m asking my MP if she is willing to have a constituency consultation for people who are worried about Brexit/the deal/no deal. That’s all.
Shouldn't we know that our UK leaders haven't got a clue, aren't v good at debating, &amp; have no idea what they are doing on #Brexit? Sometimes the truth hurts.
It was 's reverse statistical madcappery predictions wot tickled the local executives' gremlin (eg) so much that they relented on their invisible mission to destroy from within and sent their local chapter to reinforce 's #Brexit debates instead
Red Ice Live #Israeli #NGO Helping Migrant Boats Reach Europe's Shores, Instructs Them Where to Go … #Trump #MAGA #UKIP #Infowars #TommyRobinson #KalergiPlan #Soros #Rothschild #NWO #Lyon #Rashford #MUNYB #Brexit
Brexit
In which May learns just how “special” the relationship between the U.K. and Trump, who supports Brexit, is. As in, not so special at all, apparently
3 options would be no deal (which everyone will reject with any sense but MUST be our fallback negotiating position), the WA or remain. Bottom one drops out (say no deal) leaving WA (worst) or Remain. He presto Remain wins even if 60% still want #Brexit. How can this be democracy
King's view seems to depend on the colour of his underpants
The latest Casino Law Group Daily News! #brexit #savannah
We are with you Anna #Finalsayforall
Added to that, UK would be (rightly, I think), viewed with deep suspicion that the arrangement was not meant to be remotely permanent, and was just a way to get Brexit over the line before tearing it all up again. 6/
Tory divisions: the factions preparing for fall of May's Brexit deal
My answer to Is the UK trying to reverse Brexit? #Brexit
More project Fear using the words could would might forecast. Total bollocks. Wrong before and wrong now. #NoDeal #Brexit #MayMustGo
The Onion Reports: #EU Leaders Approve #Brexit Deal
EU to Blackmail Hungary. Hungary could have EU funds frozen to FORCE it to accept rules, Juncker’s deputy says. Meanwhile Theresa May wants to carry out a Brexit in-name-only so we can still have this sort of shit occurring after we "leave"
"May's deal maintains the status quo and is no different from leaving the EU except they would now be rule taking not rule making" Jacob Kirkegaard, Peterson Institute Senior Fellow (In other words it is a Brexit in-name-only).
I think she has politically calculated however bad she is, this will make Corbyn look worse because no one will be happy with him. I am hopefully she'll have miscalculated though, which wouldnt be unusual for her.
The Onion Reports: #EU Leaders Approve #Brexit Deal
I have decided not to shave until Brexit is cancelled or reversed
Uncomfortable truth is sham advertising was deemed misleading by Statistics Authority in using gross figure instead of the actual contribution of £200m which is less than 20% of positive effect of EU membership, something which will clearly carry on now Brexit is dead as a dodo
FCA prepares for possibility of ‘no deal’ Brexit
Stop believe your fake news. EU is doomed thank the Lord for #Brexit They saved your children's children. Just hope they follow through. You must hate being wrong. Wanker.
At times like this, you don’t know whether to call her Theresa Lloyd George or Theresa Collins!
UK will not be a rule-taker forever (prob not even in short term). The impetus for Brexit came from taking more control not giving it up. I just don’t see them sitting back &amp; taking rules when they used to be one of the loudest voices at the table and punched above their weight
May heads to Scotland as Brexit deal founders in Westminster Number of Tory MPs opposing proposal rises as PM attempts to win support around the UK. Scotland looks hopeful, Northern Ireland not so.
Maybot heading to Scotland to try &amp; get brexit support Um, she does know we voted overwhelmingly to remain? And that she's ignored every request from Scotland for a soft brexit? Now she comes up for support?? Warm welcome, I am sure...
Seems like a sensible move.....if you really want to p*** off 17.4m #Brexit voters even more than you have done already with your #BetrayalAgreement. Do the not understand that if they don't remove #TreasonMay then they are dead as her deal is?
You know the score, never trust a Tory government.
On a scale of 1 to Brexit, what are we looking at here?
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Look, your brain has addled. Your Brexit is meaningless. It is unplanned, uncharted, uncosted and unreal. You peddled a lie and are claiming it to be a tablet of Stone. You are a man with feet of clay. In god’s name cease your follies, Cockwomble of this parish!
has made a dog’s dinner out of Brexit and she expects people to gobble it up. #MayMustGoNow #StandUp4Brexit
Not sweetener. Stop listening to brexit sound bites.
Liked on YouTube: Jeremy Corbyn on Brexit deal: "Failed and miserable" negotiations - BBC News
Brexit
Wrong decision,bad decision, this is a new Govt not bound by promises of the previous Cameron one. Brexit is terminal now. Be in very serious death throes by Xmas.
Sorry but this deal is not a remainer deal. That's ludicrous and desperate from brexiters now. It's a hard Brexit deal.
Interesting
But we know what the SNP would have FREEDOM as the answer, whatever the question. Engage your brain in nuance and discussion and you might be taken seriously enough to be invited to a debate
You are not alone, but we must ensure that the current crop of politicians are not good enough. They must be replaced with those that put country before party of nothing will change and the UK political system requires an overhaul to prevent the Brexit lies we have had to bear
Agree it's a bad deal but what is Labour's alternative and what is the party's actual Brexit policy? Still trying to work it out...
Brexit’s Plan B Has a Fatal Flaw via
Stop lying, if you care so much about having the backing of the people then allow a #PeoplesVote
Dear , I am one of these academics you mention. The Brexit deal does not bring certainty to me. After being rejected Permanent Residence on my birthday this year, today I applied for the settled status (trial). I paid and applied to have fewer #citizensrights.
Should Not Be Allowed. Thought is is illegal to Buy Votes, things this Government especially the P.M will stoop to for power, Turncoat Glegg did the same when he stole the LibDems votes for his own Gratification,
Nope, I’m just telling you what I know from being in these countries...like more people I meet wanting to join us leaving, than making arguments for why we should’ve stayed. Anyone can make “evidence” to support a claim, both sides did it during Brexit tbh. But I’m here, I see it
May v Corbyn Brexit TV debate: TM: I am firm we should leave the European Union JC: me too TM: Ok but we need to cut down on immigrants JC: yes agreed TM: ...ok JC: ... ok cool TM: cool
Blind faith Brexit... The worst kind of stupid
‘Brits aren’t STUPID!’ Brexiteer brilliantly DISMANTLES no-deal Brexit scare stories
Totally unacceptable that should still attempt to control the future of the nation for her benefit alone by hiding the truth, the full truth and nothing but the truth which is that Brexit will be highly damaging to the UK and cause it's demise She stands condemned
They all knew before it’s the EU’s deal, it’s why 2 Brexit ministers stood down!
Talk about Brexit some more, you soft twat.
Phew, I was worried for a minute. Michael Gove unleashed as Theresa May’s ‘secret weapon’ in bid to sell Brexit deal to Tory MPs
Well why doesn't your party take its seats at WM? Oh right, it does....!
please come to Chatham,Kent so we can throw rotten eggs at you.
How about a poll asking if you could cancel Xmas or Brexit, which would you choose ?
Time for more than words. She has blocked her mind from any reasoning to cancel or at least amend the flawed Withdrawal Agreement
Peter Bone on May's attempted cover-up “People will naturally think the legal advice doesn't support their case and that's why they don't want to publish it." via
Ofc he will. He wants Brexit to happen.
Botched Brexit would hit house prices, say ministers via
Ever since 1900 the "Hard" left have accused leaders of treachery. All the evidence is that Mr Corbyn does not agree with a large majority of members over Brexit. We await developments with interest.
BREAKING: new brexit theme released by :
It's bracing, in this day and e-age, how many simplistic/crass popular misconceptions abound - and worse, are deliberately re-propagated by vested interests - that fail even a Ladybird level of historiography. But it does go a long way to explaining, e.g, Brexit zealotry.
This is how democracy dies
Remember the doomsday predictions from Remain about what would happen if we voted leave. Well, leavers are now doing the same about May's deal. #Brexit
Here are the 12 [now 10] Labour MPs who are considering voting FOR Theresa May’s Brexit deal via
As the official notification for #Brexit gets closer, there are many unknowns for businesses in terms of how changes may affect them as well as many impacts that are becoming clearer. By PwC
.#scotlandsFM #FM just leaving this here. We need a sane, balanced viewpoint
The Lord provides, yet many do not hear and reject, often out of vanity and self absorption. Thus, are the blind, and those following them.
Scotland has a 2nd option &amp; it starts with a 'YES' Brexit deal ‘damaging’ to Scotland
Dutch fishermen catch over 50% of their fish in UK waters.... they then process &amp; package it &amp; sell it back to the UK.... am I missing something here?.... #mugs #uk #brexit #laws
Says the same people who reckoned world war 3 would’ve started by now
Couple of things. 1) DeGea would have saved Brexit 2) United are still shit
What does 'certainty' and 'stability' mean for the future of EU pharmaceutical drugs? My brother has epilepsy and his medication comes from Poland and without it he could be hospitalised with more seizures. What would a no deal Brexit mean for this exactly?
The UK’s political academics have just given their International Recognition Award for 2018 to Michel Barnier, commending him for his "cool, consistent and rational manner". And people ask me why I'm suspicious of what goes on in British universities! #PSAAwards #Brexit #Leave
Interesting that the BBC have turned on Boris Johnson as he's being awkward about May's Brexit deal. They must be backing another horse.
Theresa May totally screwed the Brexit voters and the people of the UK. She’s a weak, worthless, sellout leader of a once great country that is now a lost socialist cesspool. Britain is gone.
Astonishing manoeuvre from the PM. PMQs is going to be interesting tomorrow.
We all need to be much more careful what we wish for. Where one person's gain is at anothers cost we'd be wise to consider what the other will ask of us in return for what we want before we decide to ask for it. When we have a lot it is best to work to create more for all. RT
As the official notification for #Brexit gets closer, there are many unknowns for businesses in terms of how changes may affect them as well as many impacts that are becoming clearer. By PwC
People need to drop their illusions. Corbyn is as gammon as they come.
Europe’s highest court to hear Brexit legal challenge via
At least she would of give us a real Brexit deal
How do you know that any deal will make us poorer, Gary? Not many pre Brexit predictions have been accurate. The recession and the loss of 500,000 jobs didn't happen. Tell us how you see into the future.
Very good.
Personally I think you are making the correct decision Mr. Walker. You know better than most whether this is the best deal or not and a no deal Brexit will be a disaster for both worcs and UK. Thank you for your work.
In general don't like to savour people losing but: excellent (if doubtless somewhat partial) news. #Brexit
Very good. - Do not assume the UK will avoid a no-deal Brexit via
Diane?
Interesting take on how a Brexiteer could get us out of this hole. Norway always seemed the only rational way out of EU to me and still does, but Brexiteers were never rational (or at least realistic about how EU thinks) so who knows
(Channel 4):May embarks on #Brexit roadshow : These might well be the hardest of the hard yards. Theresa May has to travel frenetically to try to get this deal over the line. Here to the heart of rural Wales she came, to meet the best in show of the ..
Dunty on point as per...
I just demanded that the broadcasters promise fair representation in the TV Brexit debates. I think the public should hear from anti-Brexit voices as well as Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn. Add your name to 's petition:
I think the only way we will see a referendum is if the deal gets voted down and she can go to the people and say right it’s no deal Brexit or no Brexit.
But Brexit means Brexit and the EU will be desperate to give mighty Brenda a great deal and we will have an extra £350,000,000 every week to feed the poor, end Foodbanks and lower top rate taxes to 30%. How that going?
No way, you party is anti Brexit so NO NO NO
Yes your right there I have members of my family has police officers and neighbours are prison officers . I can't tell you how mad I get about the lack of interest Teresa May shows. None .She is obsessed with Brexit but by the time she had sorted that mess out we are sinking .
While I don’t agree with the Brexit comment the kids doing the bullying and their parents need taking to one side.
Undergraduate fails his viva exam
It will be tougher to take action as this country will be poorer and without EU environmental laws thanks to brexit.
Your blaming brexit on this? Absolute moron.
May heads to Scotland as Brexit deal founders in Westminster
Like Scotland doesn't have skin in the game. Is there anyone moblising to redress this?
From today’s paper - 3 Nobel prize winners-
Nick Knowles is prime minister is the only way to heal a divided country after brexit #ImACeleb
Corbyn debating May on Brexit:
“Unleash The Gove” commands PM as “Lord Gove of Surrey Heath” has nice ring to it.
I suspect that the one think that is really irking Mrs May is that her failure has been so public. #newsnight
Can't trust a Tory
To unite UK May has to offer public 3 way vote. May deal, No deal or Stay in EU. Public started Brexit so they have to vote on the final deal. Public will then take responsibility for the result. If leavers or remainers are confident in their argument a deal vote isn’t an issue.
Brexit - UK govt to allow parliament to amend Brexit deal motion
This is from Goodwin, the genius who promised to eat his book if Labour got 38% in GE2017. Pretty sure he hasn't eaten the whole book yet.
Part of the union , my arse... the united onion maybe ... stinks !
I have signed the People’s Vote Petition to demand a vote on the Brexit deal.We, the people, have the democratic right to determine our own future: #PeoplesVote
Breaking news re March for Brexit - UKIP - TruthWars Community
So #BOB stands for Bored of Brexit..... Well I’m #VVFBOB!!
To unite UK May has to offer public 3 way vote. May deal, No deal or Stay in EU. Public started Brexit so they have to vote on the final deal. Public will then take responsibility for the result. If leavers or remainers are confident in their argument a deal vote isn’t an issue.
I've heard a lot of people say they want to attend a pro-Brexit march without Tommy Robinson. What do you think? RT and vote!
Immigration plans might not be published before Brexit vote, says Javid &lt;--- I mean, it's not like the country voted to punish itself for generations to come with facts, so why start with them now?
I'm calling BS here. This is just Corbyn playing both sides to sit on the fence. We all know he wants Brexit. If he did swing to a second vote itd only be because hes realised the tide of opinion has shifted and he doesn't want to be left holding the turd.
Utter tosh. EFTA/EEA is a perfectly viable #Brexit which respects the referrendum result of leaving the EU. No need to crash out, or accept TMay's dog's breakfast of a deal or have another referrendum.
It’s a reflection of the propensity of humans to splinter. Like Brexit.
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral via
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Either a #NoDeal crashout or #NoBrexit at this rate... ironically Britain has its own Boston Tea Party moment now #NoTaxationWithoutRepresentation !! #BrexitAgreement #BrexitChaos #BrexitShambles #BrexitDeal #brexit
The far right is marching for Brexit. Will the left stand against it? | Michael Chessum
It was a centrist that was in charge of his Brexit campaign; Alan Johnson.
MSPs angry as key Brexit vote clashes with Scottish Budget day
Brexit means Brexit
98 out of 315. A disgrace - come on Conservative MPs, get some backbone &amp; put the country before your self-serving, pathetic career.
Reality Check: Is Trump right about the Brexit deal?
Same old MSM Bullshit Peston!
Disgusting
May’s Deal says otherwise. No deal Brexit please
What in this legal advice is so dangerous to Tories or Brexit that they can't have it see the light of day?
Wanted: an immigration policy fit for Brexit, by the IEA's
Bring along too ....
I intend to celebrate Brexit next March with a glass or two of Windermere.
If Cameron had spent more time reforming the U.K. instead of asking for even more opt outs from the EU, we wouldn’t be in this Brexit mess to begin with
Brexit - UK govt to allow parliament to amend Brexit deal motion via ForexLive #forex #fx
Wow. What do experts know, seems to be the gist of this.
Brexit’s Plan B Has a Fatal Flaw
No shit!
The brilliant, the one &amp; only Madeleina Kay!
Bum bum #BrexitDeal
Oh and who presented Michel Barnier with his award? Jon Snow. You really couldn't make this up. What a farce! #PSAAwards #Brexit #Leave #StandUp4Brexit #LeaveMeansLeave #ChuckChequers
Gove? Gove the back stabber? No one believes that two faced Judas anymore!
To unite UK May has to offer public 3 way vote. May deal, No deal or Stay in EU. Public started Brexit so they have to vote on the final deal. Public will then take responsibility for the result. If leavers or remainers are confident in their argument a deal vote isn’t an issue.
He thinks he can. And he gets his Brexit but can blame it all on the Tories.....
Brexit will pretty much affect *all* other issues though - that's surely the difference.
Brexit
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral via
In general don't like to savour people losing but: excellent (if doubtless somewhat partial) news. #Brexit
UK car industry: no-deal Brexit could have 'devastating impact' | Autocar
I oppose Brexit. It is the second dumbest move made by a western power in the past decade. The first currently sits at 1600 Pennsylvania Ave.
No you stupid woman you will lose yours. Blackmail all the time
really,people saying treason should change her mind,,,cancel brexit,,it would show shes listens,,it would be a strong move..but if ever jeremy should change his stance,,he has no principles,hes just doing it for votes and if he doesent hes stubborn, he doesent know what hes doing
What a load of bollox! Back May or there won’t be a bloody Brexit, well not for at least another 6 months!Doh!!!!!!
Brexit deal brings no certainty to anyone. Years &amp; years of negotiations lie ahead. Brexit MUST be stopped #Stopbrexit #FBPE #Brexit #GuyVerhofstadt #WATON #Barnier #PeoplesVote #SNP #business #politics #Juncker #greens #PlaidCymru
They voted for a Brexit of Kent or a Kentish Brexit - whichever side of the Medway River they voted leave !
MAY CHARM OFFENSIVE: no charm, just offensive. She treated us like idiots said Labour, we won't be helping out! LOLZ … #borisjohnson #boris johnson #borisjohnson #Brexit
Are you in favor of Brexit, Agnes?
Dear , I am a student &amp; teacher in London. The Brexit deal does not bring certainty to me. After being rejected Permanent Residence on my birthday this year, today I applied for the settled status (trial). I paid and applied to have fewer #citizensrights.
A Government that defies Parliament really has lost control. Constitutionally I believe Parliament is supreme.
I want to be 100% behind Corbyn. I really do. But when I look back at the last two and a half years, there's been episode after episode on Brexit from Corbyn that I can't forgive.
If we don’t get brexit because of this shit #BrexitDeal at least we’ll always have this.
Well of course #Brexit is Amazons fault, so is government not making a plan for the last two years. Its also Amazons fault that the UK government didn't make contingency plans. Its Amazons fault politician's on both sides of #Brexit lied and put their party b4 the UK
Theresa May MP: Give People a Final Say on Brexit Deal - Sign the Petition! via WHAT IF YOU COULD MAKE A HUGE CHANGE JUST BY ADDING YOUR NAME?
Says the bloke who wrote two articles for a national newspaper, one vehemently in support of remain, the other in support of leave, as the referendum debate kicked off. Is that who you mean? #potmeetkettle
Yeah.....because that's a genuine voter and not a little something dreamt up by the whips office.
Andrew Haldane, said it was “a fair cop” referring to a series of forecasting errors before and after the financial crash which had brought the profession’s reputation into question. Chief economist of Bank of England admits errors in Brexit forecasting
May heads to Scotland as Brexit deal founders in Westminster
The should be doing this for every speech on Brexit by the Government (and the Labour party, sadly)...
Do you think Labour are being fairly represented?
Great! Glad to see some in Govt are not going to roll over &amp; lick May's proverbial to stay in power.
Brexit voters hit by austerity now realise how EU membership benefits them, new academic study finds
A non protectionist #G2018 communique must embrace #TheWealthOfGlobalization is suggested in Being bilateral, like in the #USA, or multilateral, like in #Brexit, protectionism is a characteristic of #TheWealthOfNations.
Probably get a can of whup *ss opened on me, but it has to be said: Brexit, my *ss. Where are you going? Yo, Rule Britania! 'Fraidy Cat? Imperialism? What is this? Get back in!
Wondered if he picked them up the fanny
I liked a video UK Column News - 26/Nov/18: Russia Ukraine tensions, Integrity Initiative and Brexit
Typical tbh there doing everything they can to fuck brexit up to say look this is the best we can do well with may in charge at least Will have to see but so far don't know I can see it going off.
It still just delays the inevitable and then the country faces the Hard Brexit Burn the Whole Thing Down Edition. It's useless because it just delays the inevitable. Unless people pull out their heads of their arses, the attitudes towards the EU won't change.
All Labour want is a General Election for political reasons. Brexit is far more important. It's about time the party come out and took a stance on this issue as they offer nothing better than the Tories. Corbyn and McDonnell are as Eurosceptic as you get. That's the problem.
Incredible; our own government now does not believe experts. They've all turned into Trump, rubbishing the work of people who spend a career working on the issue
Knowingly leading people to believe something which is not true is not TANTAMOUNT to a lie - it IS a lie. It's also fraud, deception and an abuse of power. #Brexit #TheresaMay #BorisJohnson #NigelFarage #JacobReesMogg #LiamFox
RIP? Will the people fight back?
What is the Norway Plus plan b for Brexit and what does the model look like? - The Sun
brexit dividend?
Do Blair supporters not realise how immoral they sound when they tell us we should forget about his war crimes because, hey, he is 'talking sense on Brexit'. It's the equivalent of: 'Say what you like about Mussolini; he made the buses run on time.'
Can the UK unilaterally cancel its decision to leave the EU before March 29 2019? #Brexit
So on to the non-BREXIT news: I received notification today that I passed the BSAC #Scuba Theory Instructor Exam. Much joy! #ukdiving.
We too have spoken to many people. Businesses, employees, start-ups, long established companies. They do not feel the deal brings stability or certainty. They feel this is a bad deal for the UK. Following rules with no say. Services ignored. Back the #PeoplesVote
A non protectionist #G2018 communique must embrace #TheWealthOfGlobalization is suggested in Being bilateral, like in the #USA, or multilateral, like in #Brexit, protectionism is a characteristic of #TheWealthOfNations.
Your whole premiership and Govt now in tatters all caused hynthose,immortal words..”BREXIT MEAN BREXIT” Such a massive misjudgement.
How accurate were the forecasts of what would happen within months of the Brexit vote itself? As a physicist, perhaps you don't realise that economic forecasting is not a scientific process, more mumbo-jumbo crossed with astrology.
The far right is marching for Brexit. Will the left stand against it? | Michael Chessum
really,people saying treason should change her mind,cancel brexit,,it would show she listens,,it would be a strong move..but if ever jeremy should change his stance,,he has no principles,hes just doing it for votes and if he doesent hes stubborn, he doesent know what hes doing
#May now wants to debate #Corbyn over #Brexit. #May won't defend her country but has no problem defending her complete sell-out to the #EU.
Our economic strengths are media, film music arts, so the Ebacc is helping destroy that. We are great at high end car manufacturing and finance and a no deal Brexit will damage that. We have some of the worlds best universities, which are losing students, anything left?
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Excellent thread! Heads spinning a bit,so many questions! The main one why? Was it to do with the Iran deal? We know alot of that cash made it to Europe. Is this why UK goverments Brexit deal is so bad&amp;not really Brexit! EU threatening to expose kickbacks UK politicians received?
A non protectionist #G2018 communique must embrace #TheWealthOfGlobalization is suggested in Being bilateral, like in the #USA, or multilateral, like in #Brexit, protectionism is a characteristic of #TheWealthOfNations.
Brilliant thread here on why Theresa May’s deal MUST BE VOTED DOWN
Yr quite right. Rubbished Brexit and Trump when I interviewed him this summer. Then said something entirely different in other publications
Is there a weird dubbing issue here or is that voice coming from that person on screen? It's scaring me, make it go away.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Sorry fellas, intirnet been down, virgin , man came to door, said he was here cos of a virgin, thought he has wrong hous, no one in my hous is a virgin including yungest, Brexit rage kicked in and planted him 6 feet under with all the fyba optic cables, lawyer on me as we speak.
But will we be ever taken seriously or be in position of requesting a reform after such Brexit fiasco? Surely we would be only in a position of embarrassed beaten dog surely?
What we actually need is a government that’ll stop Brexit.
I wrote my first blog entry, 'Kick Off', which is now available to read on my website. Today I consider the challenge of getting this whole blog thing started, and the inspirations for my book 'Unbearable Freedom' #youngauthor #dystopia #brexit
David Gill did a Cameron after Brexit vote basically
Interesting how the majority of Tories have uber passion for Brexit but do not seem to have the same passion for #InclusiveEducationForAll. Sadly I think hell'll freeze over before I hear someone like Mr Rees-Mogg arguing for more money to support students with SEND. #School
I promise not to lecture... I’m there to chat, listen, learn, share and agree what we can do to influence the outcome of this terrible muddle. See you there!
Conservatives have a majority of 13 with the DUP, 3 without. They are the party of government. Labour had the second highest number of seats and is, therefore, the party of opposition. Like it or not, they're the only parties conceivably capable of delivering Brexit.
stop ignoring BREXIT, you indefensible traitorous waste of space
I'm still waiting for somebody to tell me the positives exactly, I've asked so many times but only get, brexit means brexit or some other tosh. Can you help?
[Reuters] With parliament vote in doubt, PM tours UK to drum up support for Brexit deal via #News
Tories defy binding democratic Parliamentary vote in desperate attempt to hide “damning” Brexit legal advice via
When those close to you say it's crap. #brexit
A non protectionist #G2018 communique must embrace #TheWealthOfGlobalization is suggested in Being bilateral, like in the #USA, or multilateral, like in #Brexit, protectionism is a characteristic of #TheWealthOfNations.
All a #PeoplesVote and then a #GeneralElectionNow Easy.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back! Sign up if you believe this is a bad deal for Britain
One thing the #Brexit process has demonstrated is that the EU is NOT an association of sovereign nations. Once a member, national self-determination is gone.
Obviously staged visits!
Your original tweet was rude to people for whom Brexit has been a serious life crisis and continues to be it. Since the referendum result, my choices were taken away from me, my control now consists of 1) a shit choice, 2) a shitter choice, 3) a self destructively shit choice.
Has anyone tried turning Theresa on and off again?
NOT GOOD ENOUGH. Our Prime Minister may have a lot on her hands due to BREXIT but we are facing the destruction of the one and only planet we have. IT'S NOT GOOD ENOUGH TO DO NOTHING.
How has he?!?!? Cameron did! People that voted for brexit did! May did! David Davis did! The Tories did! Remind yourself Corbyn isn’t in power! The Tories and the people are and were!
A general election is a terrible idea but it's also a weird thing to drive at this time. Regardless of ultimate outcome, Brexit is not going to deliver on all the promises in the short term. Labour are seemingly dying to take the blame for this. I don't get it.
Very epitome of #Hypocrisy - hysteria when #Obama commented on #Brexit , accurately it turns out, but ok if #Trump criticizes May's #Brexit
Alex, can you stop calling it a 'deal'. The WA is not a deal. As far as I can tell, there never will be a deal, only a backstop, which is intended to stop Brexit.
Brexit - UK govt to allow parliament to amend Brexit deal motion -
I thought this too!
You would have thought he would have known it’s &lt;&lt;le beurre et l’argent du beurre&gt;&gt; since, isn’t that the Brexit “policy”?
Brexit Britain determined to do whatever it takes to continue to make Horlicks of everything.
Carole Codswallop has been announced as joint winner of journalist of the year. This is a disreputable awards ceremony #PSAAwards #Brexit #Leave #StandUp4Brexit #LeaveMeansLeave #ChuckChequers
I wish harry redknapp was my grandad, he’s got some class stories rather than mine going on about brexit all the time jk love him really x
Shd treats everyone like idiots. At least in Lab's case it's probaby true. Attempt to woo Labour MPs backfires as they say Downing Street 'treated us like idiots' during Brexit briefing via
Even the Guardian can't help its parochial (London) view about #nicolasturgeon "Admitting she was repeating the position she had taken over the past few months, the SNP leader".... Admitting???...er...showed coherence consistency, and stability.
What mess is Scotland in now that it wasn’t before the vote for Brexit ?
A third of the way through this at moment and it is not just an essential reading of Brexit but also of post-war English socio-cultural-historical identity. Recommended to all (but not least folk).
Project fear relaunched again on even scantier 'evidence'
You have heard about this Brexit thing right?
Brilliant! That letter speaks my mind.
Why is she coming here? I thought Scottish concerns didn’t matter to her as we are not invited to take part in the Brexit process? There will be a lot of Pringle jumpers, beige and UJ’s on show tomorrow as she meets the aspiring middle class wannabes of Scotland....
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Don’t buy this for a minute. #FakeNews. As any fule kno, we won’t have control of our borders until after Brexit. So there’s no need to get in a dingy and cross the channel illegally. You just walk in. Don’t you?
Delusions like yours will take a while to dim. The truth is there are no upsides to leaving, &amp; Brexiters will eventually accept this. Hot air about sovereignty &amp; independence is just noise. It has zero impact on people’s lives. Then UK must address the real causes of Brexit.
The Lord Haw Haw Awards. #PSAAwards #Brexit #Leave #StandUp4Brexit #LeaveMeansLeave #ChuckChequers
Why do you need funds? The manager of your St. Helens branch has been revealed as an antisemite but you refuse to engage with Jews pointing it out. You protect antisemites smdo you deserve funding?
Owen Smith. like a puppet on a string.. #owensmith #newlabour #satire #TonyBlair #blairite #JeremyCorbyn #BrexitShambles #brexit #legacy 24
For honest advice and support in your #softwaredevelopment projects, talk to us at - we’re not politicians talking about #brexit!
In response to me saying he should stop bleating about #Brexit when he sees no issue in preventing sexual harassment being investigated Andrew (Liberal/SDP) Labour Peer Adonis has blocked me. Good.
Do you get RTs when you tweet about brexit or Manchester city? I'd bet not
Proper brexit lass
New warning about the Financial Times, it’s bullshit.
Theresa May accused of 'dangerous' Brexit cover-up as she blocks full publication of legal advice on her deal via
May and her government have no regard at all for Parliamentary sovereignty. #MayMustGo #GTTO, when is a good time for a general election?
How? We have the choice of two Brexit parties. One that has an agreement and one that does not. Labour can not negotiate anything better as the EU have said this is it.
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
Interesting: #Newsnight
Spotted exiting the building today. I’m sure there’s a #brexit metaphor bursting to get out somewhere...
Time to start doing some journalism. Google it if you have forgotten what it is. Or you could ask Andrew Neil, he has just rubbished Carole Cadwalladr so he should be in a position to tell you what real journalism looks like.
Tory's are sleepwalking to a calamity if they back May. Corbyn has an open goal in front of him. Labour Abstain allowing vote to pass. DUP pulls the plug forcing a GE
Anyway, gotta go, work early in the morning and having a leaving party at night with the people I work with from all over Europe (not one of them has a bad word about Brexit), but we can carry on tomorrow if you want? I can’t change your mind I know that, but I can argue points!
I wonder how much tax payers time and money they have already wasted negotiating Brexit - all instigated by the Tories when could be getting on with everything else. What a joke.
Any vote should simply be between accepting the deal on offer or a no deal Brexit.
More of a bloody state man than stateman should have got twat of the year much more appropriate for him.#StandUp4Brexit
We should be standing up to this piece of Brexit shit,look at Paris/France ,we,re Scottish we are supposed to be strong &amp; tuff why we letting the evilness of Westminster walk over us ?
Would be tricky, certainly. But given Brexit is now about “least worst” options that sort of data could help build more consensus. Maybe even just second prefs would help?
Why fear will be the deciding factor in the battle between Brexit and independence – Business for Scotland -
I just demanded that the broadcasters promise fair representation in the TV Brexit debates. I think the public should hear from anti-Brexit voices as well as Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn. Add your name to 's petition:
We're Great Britain not Rubbish Britain. This country is totally fucked
I’m up in the West Midlands now not a million miles from Coventry but some of the folks here still think Brexit is good. Talk about shooting oneself in the foot twice eh.
No more warehouses to stockpile food for no-deal Brexit 'because Amazon may have booked them up'
This should be shared far and wide. Wonder why our politicians are so blind to the reality of their actions? This talk of unity makes me think that she knows full well what she has created - division - which could taken a few generations to heal.
. And we thought brexit was a problem?? If Leo signs this we will end up like east and west Berlin. Have a read
Agree but these reports r Bollox! The last ones had tariffs 50% in excess for U.K. above anything that EU levy’s on any other country, even those without FTAs. IE it’s manufactured BS. This Govt is exposed since #Brexit + all the lies of vested interests. Democracy is defunct!
Literally rewriting the definition of "clutching at straws". There's no scenario where Britain even remotely comes out stronger from #brexit I hate 52% (I rounded up) of my fellow compatriots.
Is this the same who are worried about the loss of FOM creating skills shortages post-Brexit?
Busecon2012 "DamianHinds Our economic strengths are media, film music arts, so the Ebacc is helping destroy that. We are great at high end car manufacturing and finance and a no deal Brexit will damage that. We have some of the worlds best universities, which are losing stud…
The real question is....Do the BBC hate Trump more than Brexit or vice versa?
Ahead of your visit to Scotland, please respect the fact that not one Constituency voted for Brexit. The democratically Settled Will of Sovereign Scots is to remain in the EU. Please do not underestimate our settled determination to uphold that choice.
It's not Brexit !! I was bullied as a kid for being half Italian ! Nothing like this but this has gone on before Brexit. And there are racists in all cultures , both sides. The fact we find this awful shows that most of us aren't racist!
Chris Johns: regional neglect at heart of populist Brexit backlash
MAY CHARM OFFENSIVE: no charm, just offensive. She treated us like idiots said Labour, we won't be helping out! LOLZ … #boris johnson #borisjohnson #Brexit
It can only be that Mrs May is a Remain plant, either that or she is incompetent, she was put in place by Remainers to do a hatchet job on Brexit and she has delivered which means she lied to the people in both the Lancaster House and Mansion House speeches!
UK's May fights to sell Brexit deal to a skeptical country
Or how to lose a bunch of Labour voters at the next general election...
Election Early Nothing fits Right Itchy feeling of thought Government In shambolic Plot twists In the thick of it Was tooth sauerkraut To future mess Lead to clifftop And asked to choose #brexit #poetry #nature #sunrise #poem
MAY SAID TO BACK DOWN IN BREXIT ROW WITH PARLIAMENT
Yes, sure. Link is here to Brexit page on my website which show timeline of my posts on Brexit, right back to before the referendum -
Tosser ........ Brexit: Ex-prime minister Gordon Brown believes there will be a second referendum - The Independent
Back in the Conservative Party for ten minutes and now out to destroy it. An opportunist who doesn't know loyalty. Not the only one. You can make your profits u T you and others aren't just out to destroy the Tories but the UK. History will judge you. #Brexit
When says we can make trade deals, she means we can make them in the year 20XX with the consent of the EU.
Here's one
Join us on the 9th #BrexitBetrayalMarch #BrexitBetrayal #MayMustGo #MayMustGoNow #SackOlly
U.K. GOVT WILL ALLOW PARLIAMENT TO AMEND BREXIT DEAL MOTION
Right. Keep them in the darkness. This is where we all are heading to.
FL: Brexit – UK govt to allow parliament to amend Brexit deal motion November 27, 2018 at 09:56PM
#this Opening line: “There is no political crisis so bad that Donald Trump can’t somehow manage to make it worse.”
Define proper Brexit. You can’t because there isn’t one.
I'm not sure who'll take that bet. This is my suspicion for a while now that in the end Brexit will happen with Labour agreeing.
Another unhinged #FBPE imbecile.
Try reading this for the truth about farage. I hope the net closes in on him soon:
No more warehouses to stockpile food for no-deal #Brexit 'because Amazon may have booked them up'
BBC - the state broadcaster doing their job - promoting Tory Brexit. BBC Scotland’s...
Love that Brexit EU humour
I added a video to a playlist May faces Brexit showdown back home | DW News
I added a video to a playlist What does Brexit mean for the rest of the world? | DW News
I added a video to a playlist Brexit case thrown out of EU's top court
I added a video to a playlist Brexit secretary: "This is the only deal on the table"
I added a video to a playlist Shadow Brexit secretary: Majority of MPs 'against leaving without a
While I wouldn’t have been happy with it, but if that plan, which is undoubtedly the least damaging option that involves Brexit happening, had been adopted, sold, and supported from the start, even I may (reluctantly) have accepted it. 9/
I added a video to a playlist How will May sell her Brexit deal to British MPs? | Raw Politics
Thats right, lies,deceit,smoke and mirrors, any one would be mad to vote for this pig in a poke. Brexit is over...May now playing to stage managed audiences..lit wont wash with the rest ofmus.
I added a video to a playlist Caso Gibraltar: Theresa May defiende el pacto del Brexit ante el
I added a video to a playlist Brexit deal: "It may well be that the public has had a taste of Brexit
I added a video to a playlist UK parliament challenges Theresa May on Brexit deal | DW News
I added a video to a playlist David Lidington: Brexit vote today would be 'difficult to win'
I added a video to a playlist Brexit deal could cut UK GDP by up to 5.5%, but 'no deal' scenario is
I added a video to a playlist May speaks on Brexit deal
I added a video to a playlist The Brexit deal in brief
Don’t worry we’ll put him on the Brexit bus
Calling people remoaners just makes you look less credible tbh. A no deal would be crap, we just need the govt to prepare better for this. The biggest mistake they made is promising an immediate brexit. They should have had a 5 year plan to implement brexit
Alun Cairns &amp; all the #Brexit Ministers try to brainwash people by telling them that the country is in favour of the May deal. None of the polls show this yet you didn't challenge him on it once. You just allowed him to keep repeating the same false claim.
Personally I think it’s nice to see some bipartisanship for once.
It will do so much damage for #Brexit in the public's eyes and will end in violence 2 days before the vote
She's right on this.
Get on with it? No, May’s Brexit plan was a disaster from day one | Polly Toynbee
This kinda b****cks is what causes Brexit!
He's been identified and his Facebook and the school has been bombarded with messages. It's because of wankers like Trump and BREXIT that racist pricks like this are bubbling up. Depressing times.
Brexit is 4-dimensional chess, remember?
could save Brexit!!! #davesaves
#NeverTrustATory #ToriesLie here, watch &amp; listen to this one! #NeverVoteTory
Time until BREXIT is 122 days, 00 hours, 59 minutes and 59 seconds #BREXIT #BREXITCLOCK #CLOCK #EU #EUREF #LEAVE #ScotRef #Indyref #Indyref2 #FBPE From our friends - Looking for a new Heat Press? - Stahls Clam Basic #HeatPress #HTV
"Brexit supporter" AKA - ME! ME! BORIS! ME! LOOK! HERE! ME! BORIS! HELLO!
met and spoke to a commercial fisherman tonight , he said he is preparing for the sale of his boat as #theresamay 's surrender leaves the fishing industry valueless He will sadly be putting 5 crew out of work but he says theres zero point continuing if fake #brexit goes ahead
There are 2917 hours until #Brexit - For a realtime countdown clock, visit
There are 2917 hours until we leave the World's largest trading bloc. It might sound crazy, but own Government has recommended that #UK Companies establish a presence there. Germany, anyone? #GmbH #Brexit #SingleMarket
brexit ultimate battle 22
Campaign aims to attract UK-based businesses to Brussels post-Brexit
What she means is she has no intention of even trying until Parliament votes it down. A No Deal Brexit looks more attractive by the hour
Naw sorry hen, I’m busy trying to get that soup pot back aff a big Isa.
Hilarious if he hadn’t contributed uninformed lies to back the mess that is #Brexit
Brexit is 2929 hours away. #brexit
Farage appear on Fox News hours before Trump's Brexit outburst: Former Ukip leader Nigel… #DailyMail #Politics
You're absolutely right. May's hostile environment encouraged the far right, but brexit was their wet dream! I expect the little shit's father (assuming he knows him) is a proper racist 'Tommy' follower. Makes me sick.
Think you know where you stand on Brexit? Take the quiz to find out:
What about tour fellow citizens needlessly dying now or having their lives turned to despair by needless Government cruelty? Problems we can solve irrespective of brexit or climate change.
So which is the lucky factory near Glasgow selected for May’s visit? Somewhere that puts a Union Jack on Scottish produce no doubt. Any advance info on timing and whereabouts? Please share quoting #section30
Forex- Dollar Inches Higher as Sterling Slumps on Brexit Angst #forex
He’s nothing to do with Brexit. And he’ll be toxic to the brand. Invite absolutely not
May embarks on Brexit roadshow via
Why don’t he and his brother have a one in one one on Sky?
Brexit football at its best hoooooooof
ambiguous brexit
Not publishing eh full legal advice is ok but a #peoplesvote is bad for democracy apparently. This is all such a madness, this whole process has exposed the utter mediocrity and mendacity at the heart of our leaders
Well tough, that is just reality, so we better start getting behind it rather than moaning about it like little-spoilt brats. Brexit was never about economics so give it a rest. If we suffer THEY suffer, get it?
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
As the #Brexit saga rumbles on, Sandy Nairn believes markets will take the threat of a change in government in the UK more seriously. That has potential implications for both the Gilt and UK equity markets:
I blame you all for the racist bull you’ve been spewing in the name of “Brexit”. You are the destroyers of democracy and society. Shame on you. SHAME ON ALL OF YOU. Are you going to step up and report this?
is lying again. She can’t bring herself to say what she knows, which is that #brexit will impoverish the UK.
Many issues regarding Brexit have an impact on me also but I believe If you choose to live full time, long term in another country that, you made a decision to give up the right to decide what happens in UK elections. We don’t live there.
Imagine if Arthur Scargil or Neil Kinnock had said "not our problem, we're not in power?' Austerity, brexit in the, 80's wouldn't have gotten this far
From Facebook to fashion - has all the news from Westminster including the continuing debate over and her Brexit deal. That &amp; more is all in #TodayinParliament at 2330 on or you can catch up with the programme via
I’m sorry Georgie but you can’t hang thuggery like this on Brexit. This is a nasty bully at work here,nothing to do with Brexit at all.
kep out of our brexit affairs, immigration is the downfall of our country, you have a leader in usa now, much better than you, he understands proper home people thoughts and liverely hood. we have pm just like you where, has no taste for own people, rather seemigrant
Time for decent Labour MP's to resign the whip vote against this 'pig in a poke' deal and sit as a separate group in Parliament. We have come to a crossroads or actually a precipice and Pipsqueak Steptoe is only interested in his post brexit hard left Socialist playground.
PM hits back at Trump as she begins bid to sell Brexit deal
Brexit means brexit
Brexit: Scrap the Good Friday Agreement for some cabbages!: via
And there we have it, vote for the brexit disaster or we’ll leak your paedo history... stay classy Tories.
I think Theresa May is suffering from a Psychotic Disorder. One of the most common symptoms of psychotic disorders are delusions, which are false fixed beliefs that the ill person accepts as true, despite evidence to the contrary ie Brexit is not an act of economic self harm.
No Brexit deal would
'Norway-plus' Brexit option gaining ground, says Nicola Sturgeon
In news that is not Brexit, I think that I will get out of this bath and have a crumpet. Saw it on YouTube earlier and can’t stop thinking about it. #breakingnews #crumpetsnotbrexit
You mean you visited a stale pale and grey bunch of preselected carefully choreographed deluded people like you to meet
Easy to pursue a relatively narrow agenda and Brexit has played right in to your hands. Someone somewhere has to think about the UK as a whole. Appreciate that is of no interest to you, just answering the question you put.
#art #crafts #artist #labour #tory #brexit #FBPE #JC4PM #1DDrive Arts and Crafts pick - Buy now - Art And Craft Paint Your Own Wooden Bird House
explained? Report? Investigate. Y'know journalism!!
That's the best article on Brexit I've read
Well we do live in a timeline where alt-right rises everywere, Brexit happened and Trump is the US president. It's very very clown tier
You’re burning your boats climbing into bed with Tommy Robinson and his ilk. Wasting a massive opportunity to pick up disenfranchised Tories who want Brexit, feel totally sold out by the Tory party, but who don’t want any association with racist policies.
Join us on the 9th #BrexitBetrayalMarch #BrexitBetrayal #MayMustGo #MayMustGoNow #SackOlly
So essentially don’t like experts...
Bollocks to this waffle get off your arse and fight brexit you doddering leftie idiot
Theresa May dismisses Donald Trump's Brexit trade deal concerns
Please stop wasting time on selling an agreement which sells out the UK and that no one wants. Spend the time instead on working towards a WTO #Brexit.
He was appalling and his actions have led us to austerity and brexit.
Well, it’s all going swimmingly, isn’t it?
Ok, so if the UK will get access to all this cheap food post Brexit, where in the world is it going to come from as no one else has it so cheap???
needs new advisors. HE’S NEVER GETTING INTO NO. 10!
I like most i know voted brexit but none would be into racist hate crime. More media hype.
Another reason to call a #GeneralElectionNow and to vote Labour. We mustn't give Trump and Bannon what they want and go for a no deal brexit. It will embolden the right. We need socialism. We need Corbyn. We need #JC4PM
Brexit deal latest news: Theresa May has 'given up', Arlene Foster warns as Belfast visit dismissed as 'waste of time' via
ignoring ? more like misleading parliament ...
Brexit court case 'could lead to disaster', EU lawyers warn - BBC News
Are the general public trying to destroy this country’s economic well-being? First we deliver a BREXIT punishment with the people’s vote and now we want to vote in Labour to kill the economy!? Leave UKs economic well being to business leaders not the public and politicians
What a crappy argument from the incredibly Pro-Brexit Spectator. "Errrr we've fucked up but if we backtrack it'll look bad"
Scottish government urged to hand £75m to small businesses ahead of Brexit
Zzzzzzzzzzzzz always get 1 that has to mention it even during light entertainment. How sad to have it on their mind constantly.
RCGP opposes Brexit and throws weight behind 'people's vote' campaign The support for a #PeoplesVote grows more and more everyday. Please retweet
Leavers who told you we were holding all the cards, the EU would beg us for a trade deal and Norway and Switzerland models were perfectly acceptable, are now saying 'No Deal' will be fine. Do you believe them?
Sorry, was referring to years of negotiations that will begin after Brexit day in March. State broadcaster and right-wing press will spin it as a triumph. SNP will be sidelined, mocked at Westminster, EU citizens left in uncertainty. ToryElectionFraud may end pro-indy Holyrood.
As said. This person tweets incessantly about Brexit yet says nothing in a foreign language or anything to suggest any knowledge of or interest in Europe. And Salvini doesn’t seem massively keen on the EU regarding Brexit.
I’m in the same article as Donald trump and brexit !
PM hits back at Trump after he suggested the Brexit deal would hamper the UK's ability to trade with the US
Brexit please
Oh, mate... if only she was even half as good at negotiating as she is at dancing... Still, at least it makes the choice between her deal (enslavement to the EU) and WTO (freedom to trade globally) that much easier. We might yet get a proper #Brexit.
Brexit word of the day
" STOP #BREXIT " PETITION has STARTED TO SLOW DOWN IN THE LAST 24 HOURS despite passing 55,000 SIGNATURES in a very short time!!! WE NEED TO KEEP THIS GOING! Please SIGN &amp; REPEATEDLY ReTWEET as many people do not sign petitions on THEIR first sighting!
I'm so tired of all of this Brexshit. #BrexitIsBonkers WTF I cannot understand how anyone who is Socialist can argue that any realistic Brexit futures are anything but really, really bad. So just call for a PeoplesVote ffs Why is FinalSay undemocratic but a GE is ok?
Speaking about money, brexit impact on the uk economy will be far far greater than the small contribution paid out to the EU budget...just looking at the financial services industry....
You just look all the west has rotted. Putin didn’t have time to start waving his fists as the European Union began to disintegrate. England brexit and so on. NATO ships in Norway are capable of drowning.Look at our military exercises with China and the loss of saliva.
'Duraphat 'do not use IN adolescents or children... ' Not that I was planning too, but pretty shoddy language! I blame the EU #Brexit
I think Theresa May is suffering from a Psychotic Disorder. One of the most common symptoms of psychotic disorders are delusions, which are false fixed beliefs that the ill person accepts as true, despite evidence to the contrary ie Brexit is not an act of economic self harm.
#ProjectFear mark III
I just demanded that the broadcasters promise fair representation in the TV Brexit debates. I think the public should hear from anti-Brexit voices as well as Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn. Add your name to 's petition:
good lord above
Any televised leaders’ debate on Brexit should have impartial eye-rollers in full view behind each participant.
• and who will have to apply to have fewer #citizensrights
Reading this, I suppose Remainer Johnson could debate Leaver Johnson, and everyone else can go home.
She doesn't need a trade deal (with anyone), because there will be no Brexit. The WA will stop Brexit. This was planned from the start.
No one in their right mind should believe anything this government or the Brexit taliban say
I try to write the titles of my papers with pop punk or metal lyrics. I hope I get the opportunity to use "Brexit Light" soon.
So that tells us there is something she wants to hide...from our elected representatives. British democracy at its finest.
" STOP #BREXIT " PETITION has STARTED TO SLOW DOWN IN THE LAST 24 HOURS despite passing 55,000 SIGNATURES in a very short time!!! WE NEED TO KEEP THIS GOING! Please SIGN &amp; REPEATEDLY ReTWEET as many people do not sign petitions on THEIR first sighting!
And, Baroness Stroud believed homosexuality could be "cured" by Christianity... Or Legatum's position as "Brexiteer's favourite think tank" Or its breaking of charity rules Or its links to Russia
OFTEN, WISDOM COMES FROM OUTSIDE ESTABLISHMENT THINKING WILL THE contrarians arguing for a #NoDeal #Brexit be proven correct? ONLY No Deal (WTO) Brexit = #BREXIT #StandUp4Brexit #AxeMay STAND UP FOR #FREEDOM .
Especially when Nige is out and about:
Is May’s Brexit Deal Dead in the Water?
The Political declaration is not binding. It can be negotiated away. The Withdrawal Agreement is legally binding. Beware of the Turkey trap. #NoDealNoProblem #BrexitBetrayal #StandUp4Brexit #LeaveMeansLeave #SuperCanada #Labourleave #LeaveEU #Brexit #BinTheBackstop
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral via
I’d argue that Brexit as envisioned by May is an even less stable arrangement. Losing FoM and SM whilst being surrounded by both. How long will the next generation put up with that?
It's crunch time, Corbyn. You to talk about #Brexit – 'constructive ambiguity' won't work after this weekend
'Debate someone who believes in Brexit,' Boris challenges May
This is precisely why I've kept asking for and to hold regular pressers at Bute House. It drives the UK press nuts to watch the Scottish governmrnt in command and driving a message, hence BBC's discomfort and sneering coverage.
This response to Theresa May’s letter has gone viral
" STOP #BREXIT " PETITION has STARTED TO SLOW DOWN IN THE LAST 24 HOURS despite passing 55,000 SIGNATURES in a very short time!!! WE NEED TO KEEP THIS GOING! Please SIGN &amp; REPEATEDLY ReTWEET as many people do not sign petitions on THEIR first sighting!
Meow.
austerity. Media complicit
Chaos In London As Brexit Deal Falters
We refer to them as Jeremy Rhyming-Slang, and Matt Self-Love in board meetings. No prep has been done other than to order organisations make people redundant in the expectation of greatly reduced funding post-Brexit.
Get Gary Waddock negotiating Brexit.
Brexit means Brisket!
is acting like an illegal loan shark, only publicising advice to her perceived interests. She must produce the fantastic intelligent Attorney ‘s doubtless clear, incisive Opinion. The awful excuse for a PM is simply not to be trusted in any way or form.
Petition: STOP BREXIT
He's now a joke! Is he going to amuse us into acquiescence?
Well, quite.
What we seem to be hearing from our PM and those close affiliates that support her Brexit plan is an institutional truth to bridge the gulf between what they’ve actually agreed and what they’re telling us they’ve agreed. As for US trade, who telling lies, Trump or May?
U live in the UK, with possibly the dumbest population on the planet - see brexit deal - and you call other people stupid?
She has done nothing about Brexit for 2 years TBH remember her getting the slow hand clap from the police fed calling them lazy I think she has lost the police vote .my only godchild is the son of a police officer I have friends son in law a police inspector it's a horrible job .
Instead though, the well was almost instantly poisoned, absurd, self-harming red lines adopted, and limiting the economic damage and personal disruption of Brexit became a less-than-even-secondary objective. 10/
Great evening with and an excellent panel of speakers. Gives hope that enough good people care about the fate of the country and are taking action where others are not. Thank you for everything you are doing for us. #DialMForMueller #Brexit
That #fgm is wrong and of course, you will condemn it, right?
National Populism review – compassion for supporters of Trump, Brexit, Le Pen
You know those moments when somebody should really take their own advice?
This would be an astonishing defeat. Maybe more one to ones needed? Anyone know where John Gummer is?
" STOP #BREXIT " PETITION has STARTED TO SLOW DOWN IN THE LAST 24 HOURS despite passing 55,000 SIGNATURES in a very short time!!! WE NEED TO KEEP THIS GOING! Please SIGN &amp; REPEATEDLY ReTWEET as many people do not sign petitions on THEIR first sighting!
BREAKING #ArleneFoster expresses delight that the "Southern Counties have turned Orange once again " and will supporting her stance on the Backstop #Brexit #StormDiana
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
Again.... #Brexit
good old Brexit hey
Particularly when it's prima facie an appalling deal, promising nothing of any benefit and costing everything including national prosperity, the NHS, and the very union itself. Moreover, "no deal" isn't the alternative. The sane alternative is no Brexit.
A government that wants to bring back control doing everything it can to prevent so.
" STOP #BREXIT " PETITION has STARTED TO SLOW DOWN IN THE LAST 24 HOURS despite passing 55,000 SIGNATURES in a very short time!!! WE NEED TO KEEP THIS GOING! Please SIGN &amp; REPEATEDLY ReTWEET as many people do not sign petitions on THEIR first sighting!
'Planned from the start!' Caller warns Farage of his big concern with May's #Brexit deal
What is #Theresa playing at? #Brexit #Omnishambles
Did I miss out Southwater? European Market open Thursday. Take advantage, because after Brexit next year, it will be in Feb.
My Christmas day wank tweet, read by Brexit Tom and mentioned over Christmas dinner.
Lol, Gove, secret weapon? He was David Cameron’s secret weapon for education look at the mess he made. Turned down the brexit job because it was already damaged.
I would have been as entertained if I had sat down and read the 500 page draft BREXIT deal. Lucky result , handball for goal. Second rate result against second rate opposition. Papering over the cracks. #MourinhoOut
If you had to choose... Brexit or Mourinho for another 5 years? #rantcast
More fake news from mainstream journalists trying to influence Brexit via
Just highlighting the facts my friend, just highlighting the facts...It's 4 times indecently. Please feel free to raise a counter argument..also highlights that Scots will be £1600 less well off after Brexit. What's the figure after a dissolved Union?
I just demanded that the broadcasters promise fair representation in the TV Brexit debates. I think the public should hear from anti-Brexit voices as well as Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn. Add your name to 's petition:
" STOP #BREXIT " PETITION has STARTED TO SLOW DOWN IN THE LAST 24 HOURS despite passing 55,000 SIGNATURES in a very short time!!! WE NEED TO KEEP THIS GOING! Please SIGN &amp; REPEATEDLY ReTWEET as many people do not sign petitions on THEIR first sighting!
So the real debate is #Brexit vs #Remain = #PeoplesVote #Brexit vs #Brexit is pointless The real debate will continue
It’s not a question of winning or losing. It’s pretty clear nobody can work out what Brexit people want, especially now it’s clear what they were promised isn’t deliverable. The solution is pretty simple; just ask the people instead of just claiming to speak for them.
Nige thinks we've forgotten.... Somehow doubt if #Mueller has. #MuellerTime #TrumpRussia #Brexit
I very much doubt she has the moral fibre and courage of her convictions to face a proper brexiteer and debate #Brexit
Theresa May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
We’ve all had a gut full of uninformed opinion what we need now are the views of those actually work in the key areas most affected by Brexit - whether positive or negative.
I dont know, really. Both parties, Tory and "Labour", will want to pull through a Brexit. I hope for the courts in the first place, which perhaps can stop the whole thing. But the pressure on the politicians must not let up.
That your appearance may harm the ratings ?
It is shockingly naive - or - callous (don’t know which) to suggest that Brexit is on par with any other issue we should be addressing. How will we have the resources to fight climate change, homelessness, inequality, poverty - when Brexit is all we’ll have to feed like a monster
I will be there on the 9th this is our turn to fkn say f. u
Labour accuses government of defying will of Commons by not releasing full Brexit legal advice - Politics live
Great. Can we just quietly sneak away while they’re preoccupied with the Brexit shitstorm?
" STOP #BREXIT " PETITION has STARTED TO SLOW DOWN IN THE LAST 24 HOURS despite passing 55,000 SIGNATURES in a very short time!!! WE NEED TO KEEP THIS GOING! Please SIGN &amp; REPEATEDLY ReTWEET as many people do not sign petitions on THEIR first sighting!
Surely you have heard of 'taking back control' from the EU of our own: - law making - trade policy - immigration rules - spending priorities What more do you need?
Thank you, dear boy. You articulate our sentiments exactly. Brexit has not even begun.
One leader who is standing by her convictions. We need these in Australia. Leaders of conviction and passion for their Nation and not self centred talk. #credlin #outsiders
The "Brexit" attitude towards immigrants/ refugees.
I don’t agree with her on much, and not her deal, but if Jeremy Corbyn had campaigned for Remain like Theresa May is for her Brexit deal we wouldn’t have been leaving the EU.
is scared of because TV debate would shine a bloody big spotlight on all of Mays inadequacies..... Sturgeon does what she's supposed to do put her country first ...
Yep, same applies to what we believed to be Starmer's preferred model, a similar arrangement directly between the UK/EU. Theoretical sovereignty but you inevitably follow the rules as the consequences are dire. The Brexiters would drive a bus through it.
If MPs vote this travesty of a capitulation through the I, as a party member, will never vote Tory again in my lifetime .. you have my word on that. This is NOT the Brexit we voted for, and keeps us beholden to the EU when there’s a huge world of opportunity to embrace.
What an absolute embarrassment
BBC Scotland’s political editor under fire after news report pokes fun at FM’s Brexit press conference
The best quote on this is the line that if you eat pizza every day 3 times a day I don’t know how much you will weigh in a years time, but I know it will be more than if you eat salad. Brexit, any Brexit will make us poorer
The Brexiters ruthlessly promoted the idea that EU is undemocratic, look at them now not even abiding by the binding motion of parliament to show Brexit legal advice, it is a rubber stamp parliament and need to be absolved. #FBPE #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote #PeoplesVoteNow #EU
Amend? Change? Then it has to be voted by EU again?
Tina think of it like this. A depressed, crushed, suicidal man, rocking back and forth after five days without food or water, just regular swigs of raw gin, his career in tatters, his dream over then you pop up all jolly and say “Hello MP, could I ask you about Brexit - F*&amp;# Off
May, may of hit back but, where are all those outraged Brexitiers who spit feathers when a former US president dared to mention free trade post Brexit?!? Waiting!!!
Steve Bell on #Trump slamming Theresa May's Brexit deal – #BrexitChaos #NASA #PeoplesVoteon #TheresaMay #BrexitDeal #Brexit #BrexitAgreement #LeaveMeansLeave – political cartoon gallery in London
Because the whole country is interested in domestic policy right now. Please admit - Labour Party - that you are completely out with the fairies. How any Labour MP can stick with this ridiculous controlled party line, I don't know. No self respect or just stupid!
WE WANT in the debate. He has earned the right to a place, he has unwaveringly fought for us! #borisjohnson #boris johnson #Brexit
Teresa May trying g to sell Brexit to the Scots. That could be very interesting.
I agree Catturd , her and her socialist buddies have about destroyed Europe . Thank God we have .
If you’re a Prison Officer in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a failure for you. If you live in Northern Ireland then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this tragedy! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
To unite UK May has to offer public 3 way vote. May deal, No deal or Stay in EU. Public started Brexit so they have to vote on the final deal. Public will then take responsibility for the result. If leavers or remainers are confident in their argument a deal vote isn’t an issue.
Surprised there's no comment as to May's motivation: what else is she supposed to do? If she resigned she goes down in history as the prime minster who had one job, and failed. This is her Brexit now. No one elses.
what they say and what they do !
"We're getting the old gang back together" That worked well for the Brink's Mat/Security Express Hatton Garden heist mob! #Brexit #GeneralElection #BBC
We will be meeting in the Railway pub in Formby tomorrow at 8pm to discuss our campaign for a People’s Vote on the final Brexit deal. Please come along and join us. #peoplesvote
Oh great...lost 2 referendums and she wants to be the voice that needs listening to.... there is not 1 leader who I believe would have provided a resolution that is popular following referendum.... my solution, Try Cameron for treason and then not sure LOL
#support as they give the #public a #voice. After all with #brexit looming we need to make sure we get the right deal for us as a #country not the big boys at the top. £’s and #greed mixed with #power for too many #humans that’s too tempting
Hard to resist...
" STOP #BREXIT " PETITION has STARTED TO SLOW DOWN IN THE LAST 24 HOURS despite passing 55,000 SIGNATURES in a very short time!!! WE NEED TO KEEP THIS GOING! Please SIGN &amp; REPEATEDLY ReTWEET as many people do not sign petitions on THEIR first sighting!
Erm... the Brexit deal?
So Corbyn wants to debate domestic policies with May. Fine. But at the moment Brexit's a rather important issue, Mr C. All she'll do is sell her Brexit deal and you won't get a word in.
The ultimate betrayal of Brexit. All Brexiteers wanted was controlled immigration for people we need from around the world. Not unreasonable I'd say, but May has even lied about that. No wonder there's a sudden upturn in boats coming across the channel.
Brexit
Get on with it? No, May’s Brexit plan was a disaster from day one | Polly Toynbee
" STOP #BREXIT " PETITION has STARTED TO SLOW DOWN IN THE LAST 24 HOURS despite passing 55,000 SIGNATURES in a very short time!!! WE NEED TO KEEP THIS GOING! Please SIGN &amp; REPEATEDLY ReTWEET as many people do not sign petitions on THEIR first sighting!
Please vote against 's sell out of the British people &amp; #Brexit. #LeaveMeansLeave #MayMustGo
Excellent. Never doubted it.
Labour to block People's Vote taking part in Brexit TV debate
And now May is trying to do something similar with her brexit deal!
Forget to add #ImACeleb #Brexit
Why not pursue a UK deal and an EU deal, win/win. Trump says Brexit agreement may hamper U.S.-UK trade
Hope you're watching #school - sort your priorities out. Education will secure this countries future, not #Brexit
I believe that thinks there will be a Brexit dividend after 29 March which will enable the govt significantly to increase the size of the army. That’s why he supports Brexit so ardently nowadays.
Tories human rights abuses
UN REPORT: A SYSTEMATIC, WILFUL, CONCERTED AND BRUTAL ECONOMIC WAR unleashed by #ToryParty against the poorest &amp; most vulnerable #ukparliament #brexit #remain #leave #altnews #realnews #brexitdeal
I’m suggesting me versus that slightly racist bloke from the pub who comes in on Thursdays. More valid and I’d wager, more entertaining.
" STOP #BREXIT " PETITION has STARTED TO SLOW DOWN IN THE LAST 24 HOURS despite passing 55,000 SIGNATURES in a very short time!!! WE NEED TO KEEP THIS GOING! Please SIGN &amp; REPEATEDLY ReTWEET as many people do not sign petitions on THEIR first sighting!
More fake news from mainstream journalists trying to influence Brexit
Brexit deal will cost U.K. 100 billion pounds by 2030
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
For the record, I do not believe that either Corbyn or May voted Remain. Their behaviour since the Referendum has been to support &amp; enable the hardest Brexit possible. Neither has made any attempt to pursue a softer, EFTA-style approach.
Will nobody do anything about Brian Taylor?
To unite UK May has to offer public 3 way vote. May deal, No deal or Stay in EU. Public started Brexit so they have to vote on the final deal. Public will then take responsibility for the result. If leavers or remainers are confident in their argument a deal vote isn’t an issue.
Theresa May accused of 'dangerous' Brexit cover-up as she blocks full publication of legal advice on her deal via #StandUp4Brexit #Brexit
Not where Brexit is concerned
You are a british nationalist.
can save #BREXIT. What do you think ?
Hurray! My presentation 'The impact of Brexit on the me..' on has just crossed 300 views
Brexit?
Stop Brexit then people might take you seriously on other issues Jeremy.
" STOP #BREXIT " PETITION has STARTED TO SLOW DOWN IN THE LAST 24 HOURS despite passing 55,000 SIGNATURES in a very short time!!! WE NEED TO KEEP THIS GOING! Please SIGN &amp; REPEATEDLY ReTWEET as many people do not sign petitions on THEIR first sighting!
The BREXIT withdrawl agreement
GM motors closing plants in America is this caused by Brexit ?
Vince cable? That old fool propped up the Tories. Ushered in austerity that led to brexit. He should hang his head in shame.
Yes, ain't that the truth, the money they've thrown at Brexit is obscene.
Brexit will mean a lot more homelessness.
, when can the people of Salford see a similar declaration from you?
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
There is no status quo post-Brexit.
We need to all remember this come the next election, and make our choice.
May - disaster. Brexit - dead. Just so we’re clear.
Dorothy wakes up in Kansas. Brexit was just a dream.
Or - they could step up, scrutinise the deal - put the country first ahead of any party bullshit and vote it down. Turds cannot be polished - and even if you sprinkle glitter on them this eventually falls off and you are just left with.....a turd. #PeoplesVote
This is an outrage and a disgusting affront to the the people of Scotland. Taylor should be sacked. #BBcbias beyond belief!
Of course, they might just be met with a wall of groans from an electorate who had their fill of Brexit and more the first time around.
Then u won't vote for any #brexit either. All will cause huge losses.
Please Donald, I have had a hard enough day finding I agreed with Thatcher on Europe - I don't want to be on the same side as the likes of you... trust me TerribledisMay doesn't need YOU to discredit her - she's doing a grand job of it herself!
The art of lying. Worked for brexit too. It also worked for fascists.
" STOP #BREXIT " PETITION has STARTED TO SLOW DOWN IN THE LAST 24 HOURS despite passing 55,000 SIGNATURES in a very short time!!! WE NEED TO KEEP THIS GOING! Please SIGN &amp; REPEATEDLY ReTWEET as many people do not sign petitions on THEIR first sighting!
Is this going to happen? Both leaders committed to Brexit talking to each other? What are viewers supposed to do with it? It can't be used to get votes because the viewers aren't being given a vote. It can't be used to change minds for the same reason. What the hell is it for?
Brexit May Spell Doom for Fintech and Bitcoin. In the UK, That Is
UKIP - Brexit excluded!
Should be flicking the V's surely? Never mind the typo. #Brexit
Pathetic by and co who should just hold the vote this week and be done with it
Where do they get these people from? Do the BBC have a special place that they go to where people are indoctrinated, unbelievable.
your Conservative party is crumbling.
Let’s investigate all MPs bank accounts to see if there are payment received from EU or EU connected companies. Also BBCRoll in anti Brexit agenda and their payments received from EU, there are so many who are obviously working against U.K. and for EU?
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
Brussels campaigns to be new home for finance firms fleeing Brexit -
" STOP #BREXIT " PETITION has STARTED TO SLOW DOWN IN THE LAST 24 HOURS despite passing 55,000 SIGNATURES in a very short time!!! WE NEED TO KEEP THIS GOING! Please SIGN &amp; REPEATEDLY ReTWEET as many people do not sign petitions on THEIR first sighting!
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
Inset joke about hard or soft brexit
Bullies been around long before brexit. Don't blame brexit, blame him. Hate bullies
Fresh row looms as No 10 refuses to publish full Brexit legal advice
Brexit brings nothing but chaos and uncertainty. It MUST be stopped.
Project Fear Mk 48 !!!
Certainty? This is a blind Brexit! We haven't even got past the withdrawal agreement yet!
Theresa May doing a Brexit tour of UK. Will ticketmaster sell tickets? Borefest
Nick, associate membership of the EFTA (if they allow it), similar to Finland (1961-1986), could help with a Brexit plan B re: freedom of movement and other red lines:
A small point about the Brexit debate. The Tory party stands in NI but Labour doesn't so there is only one UK wide party. So when people point out the SNP is not a party which stands candidates across the UK just point out that neither does Labour.
PM continues to lie to the UK and the world. Now withholding legal advice that shows she is acting against the interests of the UK. #MayMustGo
It's kinda here-say if you actually read the article but talk about trying to make "eat the rich" literal!
Shouldn’t you be sorting Brexit?
tell em about years and years of more brexit that should make em even more enthusiastic
Theresa May hits back at Donald Trump as she begins bid to sell Brexit deal
If you think Brexit is the far-right's top demand you haven't watched enough Tommy Robinson videos
Food warehouses 'almost full' ahead of Brexit
May just told us how to stop Brexit…
This illegal immigration of Iranians has nothing to do with BrExit. Can the Westminster bubble please stop with the #FakeNews. #BBCNews
It's empirical judgement.
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
Either this or anti brexit brexit club
If I turn my tv on and hear a middle aged, balding man complaining about brexit I’m going to scream. That is all.
60 mins where the blinkers will just melt away , for brexit means brexit.
Theresa May’s Brexit deal is treasonous. It splits the United Kingdom in two and also turns the country into a legally inescapable rule-taker from the European Union.
Theresa May is an authoritarian crone.
Get on with it? No, May’s Brexit plan was a disaster from day one | Polly Toynbee
Brexit wobbling and the leads with migrants crossing the channel. Dog whistling of the highest order. We’re talking 100s. Next we have May’s woeful country wide tour. Get a bloody grip.
Forget May v Corbyn, This Is The Brexit TV Debate We SHOULD See
Parliament has to destroy Conservative Government to stop Brexit , maybe we might lose a few MPs but even if leadership changed i think the Conservatives and DUP have a common interest in delivering Brexit and defeating Corbyn .
So I was told that a ONE MINUTE addition to paperwork for every vehicle leaving UK through Dover would create a 17 MILE TAILBACK PER HOUR! Can this be remotely true? If so, we're [expletive]'d
'Brits aren’t STUPID!' Brexiteer brilliantly DISMANTLES no-deal Brexit scare stories
Let Kalvin Phillips handle brexit, man sorts everything out
I still don't understand this obsession with fighting the last battle. UK would never have joined € and rest of us didn't want it to. Neither will Sweden etc but still in EU. Irrelevant with #Brexit. Only issue is Mays Brexit or No Deal
Their real lack of balls was not saying, "thanks for the vote bit it was only advisory and the government believe Brexit is mad" and just not invoked article 50.
Petition: STOP BREXIT
Enjoy! If you love democracy, truth and freedom rather than wild west capitalism dividing societies. This fantastic response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
I’m so, so sick of hearing the word ‘negotiations’ coming out of Teresa May’s mouth. Time and time again. Negotiating bloody what? I don’t see anything happening for us as a nation #brexit #whereisthetruth
I just demanded that the broadcasters promise fair representation in the TV Brexit debates. I think the public should hear from anti-Brexit voices as well as Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn. Add your name to 's petition:
What are they going to argue about anyway: “Brexit will be a slightly smaller mess if I’m in charge”?
Any populist party ... I'm not banning myself from voting.
Theresa May could suffer a 200-vote defeat when the Commons decides on her Brexit deal — dealing a fatal blow to her Premiership
respecting brexit supporters
As a way of describing the UK's post-Brexit relationship with the European Union, 'Risk-assessed tactical contact' is pretty good.
" STOP #BREXIT " PETITION has STARTED TO SLOW DOWN IN THE LAST 24 HOURS despite passing 55,000 SIGNATURES in a very short time!!! WE NEED TO KEEP THIS GOING! Please SIGN &amp; REPEATEDLY ReTWEET as many people do not sign petitions on THEIR first sighting!
The SavvYest™ Daily is out! Stories via #brexit #books
Gove is now to Brexiteers what a red rag is to a bull - send him out!
They all want to come here but a real Brexit has to happen, for the sake of our country we must break free from EU tyranny!
There is no way this Refugee/Immigrant situation being blasted on every Fakenews Tory MsM outlet, is not being manufactured all of a sudden to get these Far RW Brexit Loons out in force to force Maybots Deal through #PeoplesVoteNow #MayMustGoNow #StopBrexitNow #newsnight #pmqs
No it wouldn’t. Only 1 in 7 of the cars Germany makes come to the UK. Easily made up by pushing sales a little bit harder in the rest of the world. Sorry - you weren’t waiting for them to rescue your precious Brexit bearing a bottle of Prosecco, were you?
Given May has now started to simply ignore binding votes in parliament, maybe her next move is to ignore the result of the meaningful vote and simply declare it's the will of the people.
The British people should get the final say on the Brexit deal. Agree? Add your name:
I presume this is #theresamay final tour before she retires, the last hurrah tour 2018 #Brexit
That fact that #Brexit is full of shit.
Aren’t you supposed to be an impartial BBC reporter? I know there is no such thing, but at least keep up the pretence. We don’t need your stream of leftie Remoaner comments. We get enough of that from the rest of the BBC’s “impartial” hacks. #BBCBias
farage &amp; leave etc (who still can’t answer what the #brexitdeal should be) claimed there would be a domino effect after #brexit &amp; that other nations will want to leave the #eu. yea, not really. the UK domino fell the wrong way. #brexitchaos
Clean-break Brexit is pure fantasy
Fight!!!! #BREXIT and LIVE FREE
you a dj? Or a journalist?
Let's all watch #imacelebrity2018
It's what lobbied for over many months but it's not going to happen under this PM however gentlemen.
Pool of support for May's Brexit deal even shallower than first thought
As UK bookmakers update their odds on who could take over from Theresa May...... Jeremy Corbyn 4/1 Dominic Raab 6/1 Sajid Javid 6/1 Boris Johnson 6/1 This video of the former favourite has now received close to 2 million views. #Brexit
Trump’s Brexit bomb: So much for the idea of taking back control, or reclaiming sovereignty from Brussels, if all we end up doing is surrendering it to Washington or Beijing.
But how? Ask EU for more time, then elect an new PM and go back to Brussels for their Fantasy Brexit?
Except the Lib Dems have not been in Coalition for 3 years and the cuts got significantly worse after 2015, not to mention we again have a Tory MP after local Labour campaigned for a no hoper Labour candidate. And your Party backs Brexit. Vote Labour get Tory Brexit Austerity.
I have my brexit plan: No deal no cash Oh and France keep your citreon oh and Germany keep your merc and bmw oh and we will stop buying anything from Europe . A decision was made to leave , democracy whether we...
Aren’t people saying that in a ‘no deal’ citizens’ rights, and the ‘Brexit bill’ could be dealt with unilaterally to create a better mood?
I just demanded that the broadcasters promise fair representation in the TV Brexit debates. I think the public should hear from anti-Brexit voices as well as Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn. Add your name to 's petition:
Question could save #brexit??? He saves what he wants #StrokeInformation
" STOP #BREXIT " PETITION has STARTED TO SLOW DOWN IN THE LAST 24 HOURS despite passing 55,000 SIGNATURES in a very short time!!! WE NEED TO KEEP THIS GOING! Please SIGN &amp; REPEATEDLY ReTWEET as many people do not sign petitions on THEIR first sighting!
The day after has imbecile as their UK Brexit Correspondent, the extreme idiot supplies yet another fact free statement. He really doesn't have a clue which is his arse or his elbow.
Britons Holding Off on Making Real Estate Moves Pre-Brexit - Mansion Global |
Yes, Donald Trump is talking perfect sense on May’s Brexit deal
Taking the bribe from May?? Stand up for Brexit and don't sell our the Country. Orderly departure on WTO with no payment is the default position when the surrender deal is rejected.
This another example of this Governments complete disregard for Parliamentary Sovereignty. They must go.....#PeoplesVote
No because the actual deal bears little resemblance to the over-promised one = no mandate for this #brexit . Has it not been Mis-sold?
Never mind May's #brexit waffle - just dance like the kid in the background (whom I happen to know quite well) - at the Royal Welsh Winter Fair via #exitfrombrexit #bollockstobrexit
Would be amusing - if not washing everyone's pension fund down the drain... Kiss goodbye to your retirement UK workers. You'll work until you drop - like in the "good old days".
This Brexit thing is all going just tickety-boo. #Brexitisjustticketyboo
News editorial call from leads the Ten on *migrants*. Brexit will make it “better”.......
Why you making this a racial issue. Bullies are a common things in most schools across the U.K. and they are different skin colours. It’s not just whites v blacks dude. Trump and Brexit have nothing to do with this incident what so ever.
Brexit - UK govt to allow parliament to amend Brexit deal motion
That's what I voted for too!
Apparently Gove’s “heavyweight” backing for Theresa May’s divorce deal will be a key element in the No.10 strategy to “sell” her deeply unpopular plan. We’re now seeing just how deep into that bunker the Prime Minister and her advisors have been hiding.
The only possibility of making a speculative profit is a crash Brexit in March.
So...some people really believe that the EU's GDPR outlaws letters to Santa in Germany and this is a legitimate reason to support Brexit. Okay.
Theresa May could suffer a 200-vote defeat when the Commons decides on her Brexit deal — dealing a fatal blow to her Premiership
It’s not Brexit !!
Brexit Steve, Voted leave, Shags his mum, Up the bum.
The 'Theresa May deserves credit for getting on with an impossible job' takes would be a lot more credible if she wasn't constantly trying to deceive the nation (and go around parliament).
I know things are going to be really tough after Brexit, but eating people. really?
" STOP #BREXIT " PETITION has STARTED TO SLOW DOWN IN THE LAST 24 HOURS despite passing 55,000 SIGNATURES in a very short time!!! WE NEED TO KEEP THIS GOING! Please SIGN &amp; REPEATEDLY ReTWEET as many people do not sign petitions on THEIR first sighting!
Salvini LASHES OUT at EU for Brexit - ‘Someone in Brussels has DONE SOMETHING WRONG’
Brexit is what happens when politicians say stupid things to scrape a few votes and then panic when it turns out people actually believe them.
Yes, Donald Trump is talking perfect sense on May’s Brexit deal
The Brexit deal will never get through Parliament. Britain crashes out and Scotland makes plans to leave. The U.K. will be begging to reenter the E.U. in two years or so.
There is no way this Refugee/Immigrant situation being blasted on every Fakenews Tory MsM outlet is not being manufactured all of a sudden to get these Far RW Brexit Loons out in force to force Maybots Deal through #PeoplesVoteNow #MayMustGoNow #StopBrexitNow #newsnight #pmqs
Fallon was one of the people pre-referendum who contributed hugely to the climate that helped Leave win, and who ensured the Brexit negotiations focused on free movement.
Well get ready for Marc Carney tomorrow who is going to unveil yet another Project Fear, against Brexit!
This fantastic response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
Politics:Brexit: NHS warns urgent preparations must begin BEFORE CHR =&gt; #UK
The latest A Level Business Studies! #brexit
This is horrible! No RAPIST should ever be able to claim parental rights! #UK #Brexit #London #TommyRobinson
Theresa May accused of 'dangerous' Brexit cover-up as she blocks full publication of legal advice on her deal via
When Brexit lands and we get issued new passports this is going to be my ID photo. Word.
While head is full of Brexit nonsense our schools are quietly falling apart and our children are being failed. Can’t find schools properly but can come up with millions to pour into Brexit - SHAME ON YOU #school
Trump's trade wars and Brexit are making us all poorer | Jeffrey Frankel | Business | The Guardian
Will the contrarians arguing for a no-deal Brexit be proven correct? via
Climate change, austerity and world peace way ahead of Brexit for me.
" STOP #BREXIT " PETITION has STARTED TO SLOW DOWN IN THE LAST 24 HOURS despite passing 55,000 SIGNATURES in a very short time!!! WE NEED TO KEEP THIS GOING! Please SIGN &amp; REPEATEDLY ReTWEET as many people do not sign petitions on THEIR first sighting!
Is it me or is it cynical that the migrant story is leading the news? Most people coming here from Europe come legitimately. This story is headline news again because of brexit.
so your Brexit is dying? So we are going to be subjected to night after night of stories of migrants in rubber boats. You need to take a long hard look at yourselves. Disgusting.
Huge appetite? Is Porky Blackford around?
Brexit means Brexit means Russian interference met with bone chilling silence from the British state. #Mueller #Brexit #trump #putin #davidlammy #damiancollins #carolcadwalldr #billbrowder #shahmirsanni #peterjukes
And surprise, surprise migrants are the headline news on BBCNews at 10, what a coincidence, and they even manage to get in a link to Brexit #BBCNews
Imprecise decision? May’s Lanc House speech stated that Brexit meant leaving SM &amp; CU. Somewhere along the way she decided to do her own Brexit, not the one she knew fine well was voted for. Unfortunately she’s typical of the disconnect between Parliament and the public.
Liked on YouTube: Inside Brexit: How Britain lost Europe
Mind you, Corbyn's 'jobs first Brexit' wouldn't pass the 6 tests either...
BestForBritain: RT TheNewEuropean: UK can unilaterally reverse Brexit, EU’s top court told
Surprised by that, I thought that you were mentoring them on #Brexit
Well well....BBC at it again. News headlines tonight blaming Brexit for the latest surge in economic migrants trying to cross the English Channel......anything else going on in the world we can blame on Brexit..?
People R DYING, STARVING &amp; WORLD Monetary System is ABOUT to CRASH because of FIAT Currencies NOT backed by GOLD while the Monetary MAFIA is stealing OUR Central Banks Blind + Brexit in UK &amp; U tweet about mixed up &amp; confused Teenagers! God HELP ALL of US!
Ozzy Osbourne doesn't know what Brexit is
More fake news from mainstream journalists trying to influence Brexit
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
It's been very clear for some time that there is a coordinated campaign to prevent brexit, almost at any cost. I presume this is more about protecting the eu than us? We'll be fine, but without us, the eu will implode?
" STOP #BREXIT " PETITION has STARTED TO SLOW DOWN IN THE LAST 24 HOURS despite passing 55,000 SIGNATURES in a very short time!!! WE NEED TO KEEP THIS GOING! Please SIGN &amp; REPEATEDLY ReTWEET as many people do not sign petitions on THEIR first sighting!
As if to prove that sabotaging the Brexit talks was not enough, May is now sabotaging the Immigration part of the Brexit by signing to the UN idea she will effectively screw any chance of effective border controls in this country she really is a cow and a traitor to this country!
#Brexit means -=&gt; The UK economy will be 1.9%-5.5% smaller per person by 2030
Welcome to Brexit Britain. Where anyone deemed to be 'other' is legitimized as a target.
Interesting
I’ve heard that the FT is a swamp of pro Brexit : anti EU hate
We should not put fear in charge of the imagination #Brexit is a fraud on the UK because the referendum was not conducted lawfully We know this; criminals have been fined &amp; National Crime Agency is investigating further #BuggerBrexit
Strange how you don't actually provide a quote from anyone you met to evidence your claims...
have you seen this? We need a #PeoplesVote now! #Brexit can be reversed.
Not me! Just quoting Mrs May in her own words. She needs to be reminded what she once said, and believed. #Brexit
Yes, this is a much bigger problem than Brexit, but if you are not in power, you won’t be able to have any impact on either. So appeal to the masses who want a people’s vote, or be content to do nothing
right I know brexit n all that is very important and apparently needs all the discussion right now but maybe something should also be done about the fact that the world is ending x
Fiona Bruce just thrown some brexit chat out! Gold!
Brexit - UK govt to allow parliament to amend Brexit deal motion source via Bloomberg
How are these migrants paying the smugglers £2000 each? Do they have money? #Immigration #brexit #itvnews
Or the right choice made by the people, deliver full #Brexit
So Govt *won't* publish prob'ly uber-adverse advice on May's BRINO-Deal, or White Paper on control of low-skill immigration, before the vote on it: but *will* publish it's latest iterations of #ProjectFear to try &amp; scare us into accepting her (non)-Brexit.
Agreed. Brexit is irrelevant in this instance. Its just bullying plain and simple.
#bbcnews leads on migration story at the same time as Government trying to win support for #Brexit. Coincidence? I don’t think so. now just a pawn in Tories toxic plan to con Britain into accepting May’s blind #Brexit. #PeoplesVote
More fake news from mainstream journalists trying to influence Brexit - via
I just demanded that the broadcasters promise fair representation in the TV Brexit debates. I think the public should hear from anti-Brexit voices as well as Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn. Add your name to 's petition:
Mr Harding speaks truth to power. I'd have loved to have written this but I'd have sworn more. And I love the expression, "proud citizen of nowhere". Yes.
RCGP opposes Brexit and throws weight behind 'people's vote' campaign The support for a #PeoplesVote grows more and more everyday. Please retweet
Crazy eyes
No idea, but think UK would lose - they’d both be content if Britain was thrown under the Brexit bus
Yes it's was the natural place for post brexit UK - we keep most of the benefits including FOM but no longer send Farage and Hannan to Brussels to get drunk, of course we surrender influence but it seems UK is happy to do that.
This is disgraceful but this IS Brexit Britain. This is the kind of narrow minded idiots that are being bought up now my narrow minded moron parents. Not a place I want to be. #sinkingship #getmeoff
45. The number of countries outside the EU that want Free Trade Agreements with the UK following a clean Brexit. 70. The number of countries outside the EU that say they'll morph exsistig EU FTAs into new UK ones following a clean Brexit and prior to fresh FTAs being negotiated.
All those E numbers in the processed meat he devours have really gone to Brian Taylor's heid!
Hooray.......!
'People were sold a lie': Ruthin restless over May's Brexit deal
I might not be the sharpest knife in the draw; but please explain all those companies ploughing millions into this country, after we voted brexit? Should they be reading the FT, or maybe they ignore your rubbish, as they feel otherwise?
The first sentence here is actually not a lie. Rapidly downhill from there on however.
I just demanded that the broadcasters promise fair representation in the TV Brexit debates. I think the public should hear from anti-Brexit voices as well as Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn. Add your name to 's petition:
Hi Gerry I make the point that Stormont lock couldn't work unless functioning. Also note the lack of universal support for Brexit at end
Crazy Brexit - Nicola Sturgeon from SNP is needed in any debate so that millions of English viewpoints are represented
Thankfully, is more fair-minded than your own good self
Think if your vision for #indy just means business-as-usual, but run from Holyrood, you have a problem. But #indy which embraces localism, land reform, community empowerment, decentralisation &amp; a low carbon economy is a new paradigm, &amp; more resilient to external pressures.
You make excuses for the scummy little bullies by blaming Brexit - these are feral racist youth, of the type that has been around for donkeys years... This poor kid deserves better than to be used to score cheap political points
BBC News "migrants are going to the UK because they think it's the last chance for Brexit" May's Message "Just get it done", "stop the foreigners jumping the queue" It's like it's carefully orchestrated.
Salvini LASHES OUT at EU for Brexit - ‘Someone in Brussels has DONE SOMETHING WRONG’
My favourite comment of the day about our story about wasps turning spiders into zombies? "Finally, I understand Brexit."
I don’t think she’s weak. I think she was ferociously fighting to undermine Brexit and worked hard to achieve her objective. She’s a traitor for sure.
Mr Abe is expected to meet at the G20 in Argentina this weekend and according to Downing St, welcomed progress towards #Brexit deal during phone call earlier today
Oh? A "government assessment", well that's bound to be correct, unbiased and fair isn't it. Here's a few more "government assessments" to think about: Just voting for #Brexit will cause 500k-800k jobless rise; GDP 3.5% fall; recession, house prices fall by 18% #ProjectFear
The only reason they’d refuse or want to given the extraordinary constitutional issues that would involve...?
Jeremy plans to do Brexit better with a "jobs first Brexit" &amp; getting the EU to give us a better deal by not using old politics. I suspect he's smoking some strong ganja in his allotment.
As someone with family from outside UK, but in rest of EU, I am amazed by the delusional nonesense from all sides re Brexit. The rock has hit the hard place. It was ever thus. It was ever going to be thus. As the Gibraltarians always pointed out, let alone my Irish cousins.
With No Agreement on Brexit, Britain Hurtles into the Abyss - Vanity Fair
May just told us how to stop Brexit...
So you are saying the economy has shrunk as a result of the brexit vote, growth hasn’t fallen from the top of the g7 to the bottom, no you are talking rubbish as usual. #StopBrexitSaveBritain #PeoplesVote
Brexit shambles
From where we are now though, this would be very far from a stable solution, impossible to achieve in most of the Cakeist forms proposed, and would be a gift to those who want to Brexit, then wreck whatever’s agreed anyway to get to their no-rules, no protections dystopia. 11/
Theresa May's Brexit deal is doomed - Sir Michael Fallon
BREXIT MARCH @ London, United Kingdom
The far right is marching for Brexit. Will the left stand against it? | Michael Chessum
I just donated to support one of the strongest voices in parliament!
Michael Gove unleashed as Theresa May’s ‘secret weapon’ in bid to sell Brexit deal to Tory MPs
As the great Malcolm Muggeridge used to observe, the problem with satire is that it is all too quickly surpassed by reality. #Brexit
Why are leading on illegal immigration? Are you aiding and abetting &amp; the #HostileEnvironment What about #Brexit &amp; #peoplesvote ?
12 fun maps that show ways Britain’s divided other than on Brexit
THERE WILL NOT, #PROJECTFEAR
Also....brexit
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Going back to basics and stirring up racial hatred - Brexit has always been about immigration
I knew that a certain lichenification of the skin was a prerequisite to qualify as a politician. I now know that it is not just the skin that needs to be thick. #Brexit #NHS
Telling perhaps that BBC voxpops yesterday, and ITV in Wales today, are highlighting similar sentiments. Outside the Westminster/London/Twitter bubbles - many people just want the certainty of getting on with it. A deal’s agreed - let’s get on with it #BackTheBrexitDeal
Here's why the British have turned in favor of Brexit
So that’s a no then! No Brexit dividend. Thanks Matt for being so typically obtuse and evasive
No-deal Brexit warning: German businesses TERRIFIED of Commons exit deal defeat
What do youse all reckon is going to happen? #Brexit #BrexitAgreement
Not a Prime Minister rather a sad and hopelessly lost puppet. If she was able to listen to other’s reasoned views, rather than charge on like a wounded bull in a china shop, one could, perhaps, have some sympathy for the dreadful woman.
Is brexit making a stronger Europe?
This is the Withdrawal Agreement. Should it pass, then the vision part of Brexit can begin -what we fought for, a nation we now get to build. But that won’t happen if the next stage of negotiations resembles Groundhog Day. Lessons must be learnt, on all sides, and assurances made
EU Agrees to #Brexit Deal…Will the UK?
Yes, the UK has been taught a lesson - the withdrawal bill signs away our rights to Gibraltar, to our fishing waters,to our ability to make trade deals and to be governed by our own courts. Take note.
please just resign asap.
I know brexit is going badly but we're not there, yet!
Aviation: U.K. Airlines Say Brexit Uncertainty Starting to Hurt Demand - Bloomberg
Peter: "How many times must I forgive my brother? 7 times?" Jesus: "I tell you the truth, not seven times, but 70 times 7." Peter: "What if he voted differently to me on Brexit?" Jesus: "Blimey, even I wouldn't forgive an Enemy Of The People!" -The Gospel According to Brexit
Brexit is in trouble - quick run a story about migrants in boats arriving in Dover. #migrants #Brexit #sigh
Absolutely not true for the oranges imported into the UK. The no WTO rules Brexit prospectus is based on falsehoods, not reality.
Absolutely. Disappointed with are schools and police stop going on about brexit and sort this country out
The foul language used in #outoftheirskin on #ITV4 by the politicians in 1978 Britain is horrifyingly similar to the language being used in politics now over #Brexit
Speaking of fake news.... are you able to secrobe the fact-checking process of Daily Mail / Mail on Sunday please?
British Pound: USD/#GBP (GBP=X) slumps as Brexit worries weigh: British Pound: USD/GBP (GBP…
Oh the irony. Brexit making migrants take risks to cross the channel to get into Britain illegally
B U S T E D ! ! !
Theresa May just admitted #Brexit can be stopped -- now let's make it happen!
FFS! Is this really the best the Irish Times can do? Let me count the errors ... .
Good this
Every time AJ or whichever hapless Labour Remainer it was deferred to Queen Nicola, Remain lost another vote.
UK democracy is being overthrown &amp; Brits stitched up. May’s Brexit deal is simply not Brexit &amp; ensures the UK never becomes a free sovereign nation. Being in a customs union, having a backstop &amp; transition,paying £39bn,being ruled by EU courts &amp; obeying EU laws is not Brexit
BBC Scotland’s political editor under fire after news report pokes fun at FM’s Brexit press conference
Subscribe Here to get a few chapters for FREE from the book Please #RT #gold #silver #stocks #trading #trades #markets #Investing #today #rich #education #hope #dreams #Giveaway #free #positivity #focus #goals #life #money #success #fun #levelup #brexit
Come on Boris offer the third way the brexit no deal way where we create our own wealth and prosperity under our own laws we can start by spending the divorcee fee from Europe on our nhs and police force. Gather the Westminster troops and offer a credible no deal plan.
Peter Brookes on #Trump slamming Theresa May's Brexit deal – #BrexitChaos #NASA #PeoplesVoteon #TheresaMay #BrexitDeal #Brexit #BrexitAgreement #LeaveMeansLeave – political cartoon gallery in London
Now we have autocracy as opposed to democracy. What's happened to the will of Parliament. Or do we have a dictator? Theresa May accused of 'dangerous' Brexit cover-up as she blocks full publication of legal advice on her deal.
Shocker: News at 10 leading headline: “a significant increase in migrants crossing the Channel”. Wld it be cynical to think this is similar to the US immigrant caravan; designed to help get her deal? No mention of the legal implications of #brexit yet.
You're a britbong who votes for brexit becuse the United Kingdom was turning unfamiliar, now as a result 1 brown is living in your house and he rapes your daughter and is legally protected to spend time with her. You have to work 65 hours a week to pay for fish &amp; chips tax
I agree, but May is real obssessive and has more to lose than Corbyn. She'll just take the airtime opportunity to sell her deal, whatever the actual topic. Hopefully any audience the pair may have will fall asleep.
Oak Hill CEO on Opportunities in Europe, Brexit via
it seems the globalist/open borders establishment have gone into overdrive at the moment. Brexit betrayed, UN Migration pact to be signed by the Traitor May, "Islamophobia" all over the news, 'mental health' the new code word for ethnic crime, &amp; so on. Peoples' eyes are opening.
My last conversations with EU partners regarding UK organizations to participate in Erasmus+ calls are very negative &amp; EU consortia aren't interested in having UK partners because of #Brexit &amp; the uncertainty it brings. What is your advice/outlook on that topic?
I am sure she will get a true Scottish welcome... and shown how we feel about her pathetic deal that will leave Scotland in ruins.....
45. The number of countries outside the EU that want Free Trade Agreements with the UK following a clean Brexit. 70. The number of countries outside the EU that say they'll morph existing EU FTAs into new UK ones following a clean Brexit and prior to fresh FTAs being negotiated.
This is what concerns me, people thinking there'll be cheaper staple items post Brexit when there won't be, especially with the pound crashing, that has a bigger impact. The scale of the single market allows for bulk lower prices, tarrifs almost meaningless
I'm gong to write to my MP about the standards of officiating at Irish League matches. Bugger Brexit, this is the hot issue that must be tackled.
The real cost of May's Brexit dead horse #PeoplesVote #r4today #newsnight
The UK government knows we have many unskilled native workers, and they are about to get the seeing to of their lives. Dismantle the public safety net and then make them work hard labour jobs for a pittance. Brexit is sure going to be great for them.
I agree we need PR in the U.K. Also I believe we need term limits for M.P's = not a job for life.
Says it all . . . the woman is not fit to be PM of the United Kingdom. Never has been come to that. Unfortunate she is PM in such a crucial time in the UK's history . . . .
Well, I was sceptical, but nothing restores my faith in Theresa May's Brexit plan like her refusal to publish the government's legal advice. (OH MY GOD WHAT HAS SHE GOT PLANNED FOR US??! I TRIED TO LEARN GERMAN ONCE AND I'M RUBBISH AT IT.)
It also works with the EU's stance on Brexit
Has anyone seen him ? I'd like to know his current thinking on Brexit.
Interesting
So tell me, how do you expect Brexit to boost the economy?
Brexit is working. you are a cowardly cunt. Let's see if you have half the courage this young MAN has. Say something. Almondburg community school in Huddersfield need some guidance.
Can we have Arlene Foster for PM please?
We Had #ThePeoplesVote as if those who voted for brexit would stand for another vote,its ridiculous,this is exactly what the eu want same as in ireland and denmark until the result goes their way
This isn’t good enough. If MPs are going to make a decision on something as important as this they should have all the relevant information in front of them.
I am entitled to my opinion as you are to yours and, to be honest, it matters not a jot which one of us is right.
Good luck watching the knights who says ni and not thinking that was probably how Brexit negotiations played out.
So how's that parliamentary sovereignty going?
This #brexitshambles is getting more and more outrageous each and every day. Is this the new normal we can expect from our Government if #Brexit actuallt takes place? Fresh row looms as No 10 refuses to publish full Brexit legal advice
MEP's can realistically do none of that. The EP is window dressing. Nothing more. The EC is where the power is. The Council doesn't elect Commissioners. As with Commision, Council has members chosen by states, however Commisioners act for #eu NOT Govts #brexit
and this:
Amazing how you only find prople with negative voews it is as is you were intentionally trying to find them..... u cant say you now come across people in support of brexit surely
Not just dead, but extinct. Much like Brexit hopefully soon will be.
Really looking forward to this NON #leadersdebate in which two disingenuous pricks whose #manifestos said they would honour the #referendum result and take us out of the #EU #Brexit #Lexit debate how to keep us in! The absolute height of #hypocrisy !! #TheresaMay #JeremyCorby
In life I turn negatives into positives. unfortunately in politics today #MPs and #journalists with #brexit turn a positive into a negative .
please #RT asap #economics #SPX #trading #options #brexit #Italexit #GRExit #stocks #markets #Motivation #today #SundayThoughts
Theresa May accused of 'dangerous' Brexit cover-up as she blocks full publication of legal advice on her deal
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Gove intends to shaft us again...
Haha. BBC claiming Brexit is forcing Iranian scrounges sneaking into the UK. Hunt each one down for instant deportation. None are asylum seekers all here for free stuff.
“As a charity we can’t take a party political stance on anything”.... explains Royal College of GPs as they come out against Brexit and for a #PeoplesVote “It doesn’t stop us having views, it doesn’t stop us caring about our [insert charitable purpose here]”
I’ve just tried to do a ‘Brexit quiz’ but the questions are too hard. I just don’t know where I stand on it anymore
His name is Rees Mogg and did you not understand what he said? He gave his answer and reasons and you totally ignore it and still go rattling on with your utter bullshit!! He has investments all over the world. His office is in London how does that show no confidence in Brexit??
Very well put but as she has said, this is the Brexit she always wanted which is an admission she lied in the Lancaster and Mansion House speeches, how can we ever believe what she says, her track record of talking the talk but not walking the walk is 100%!
i see the media is reporting on migrants crossing the channel in dingys again,,,,they stopped reporting the day after the brexit vote,,,,over the last two years they have not stopped trying to cross the channel,,,,why report on it now? brexit deal is in trouble?
Theresa May accused of 'dangerous' Brexit cover-up as she blocks full publication of legal advice on her deal' | via
Wedbush Managing Director, Arthur Bass offers commentary on several political issues overhanging markets including federal #interestrates, #tariffs, and #Brexit. Read more:
I think this is her best column yet ‘Get ready for Brexit advent, where a new political hellscape opens every day’
Not so I know people who although they live abroad would have voted to leave , none of us are pawns we all have views the same as people actually residing in the UK, it’s as split abroad as UK
Why does Donald Trump oppose Theresa May's Brexit deal?
I know you are really busy with brexit and everything but if you get the chance you should give #School a look on iPlayer.
You Nicola, she is scared of you and the #SNP. #SaorAlba #FreeScotland #Brexit #indyref2
" STOP #BREXIT " PETITION has STARTED TO SLOW DOWN IN THE LAST 24 HOURS despite passing 55,000 SIGNATURES in a very short time!!! WE NEED TO KEEP THIS GOING! Please SIGN &amp; REPEATEDLY ReTWEET as many people do not sign petitions on THEIR first sighting!
This is precisely why I've kept asking for and to hold regular pressers at Bute House. It drives the UK media nuts when the Scottish government is in command and driving a message, hence BBC's discomfort and sneering coverage.
caught a comment on sky news 2 nights ago that Tory whips might use MP's sexual history to blackmail them into voting for the brexit deal. So that's why you hid 131 paedos ?
2 days before the Parliamentary vote, there could be violence instigated by TR. The media will be covering it so will this ruin the Brexit that we have worked so hard for??
Nothing to do with Brexit!
Yes, it’s called Brexit. We were always going to be worse off and the government won’t show us the figures.....you think they would if they were saying it’s going to be roses!
Theresa May and the Brexit deal
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
'He has been keen to reiterate his understanding and sympathy for Northern Ireland Unionists.' I am ashamed + disgusted by this- OO have NO PLACE in Brexit discussions + such a hateful Sectarian group deseverve NO VOICE!
#BrexitDebate #TheresaMay #JeremyCorbyn #BorisJohnson #BrexitBetrayal #Brexit #bbcnews #skynews #LBC NO POINT HAVING TWO REMAINERS DEBATING. LET'S ADD A BREXITEER E.G. BORIS JOHNSON
Well said
Now that's what I call getting our sovereignty back.
" STOP #BREXIT " PETITION has STARTED TO SLOW DOWN IN THE LAST 24 HOURS despite passing 55,000 SIGNATURES in a very short time!!! WE NEED TO KEEP THIS GOING! Please SIGN &amp; REPEATEDLY ReTWEET as many people do not sign petitions on THEIR first sighting!
Well, they said May would do anything to get her Brexit deal through. No wonder they're on about migrants on the channel tonight. Gullible viewers lap up the illegal migration message the way they lap up sugar.
This is great! Labour needs to consider Brexit within its broader transformational agenda
Ffs there's no problems in the world today BBC blaming brexit, do people coming over on the Boats and a problem that's what they should have said
Badge of honour, Frances. There's loads of us. He blocked me for saying during a debate with him "Why don't you just admit that you don't give shit about Brexit as long as you win the next election.". Like immediately. Didn't want those million frothing weirdos seeing it!
It would be great to have data of such arrivals for the year so far. I have the same feeling that subject is being whipped up by MSM coinciding with Brexit deal &amp; Farage's threats on sm. 2016 all over again...
Me when I found out Brexit was being abandoned
Ah, so you're trying that tack again! But you've been rumbled. Everyone knows you deliberately tried to inflame public opinion over immigration during the Brexit debate, playing on people's fears. It won't happen a second time. The tragedy is you forcing Brexit on this country.
Some markets expect more surprises when the U.K. parliament votes on an EU exit deal Dec 11. Whatever the result, its course through the typically quiet holiday season could exacerbate moves.
How do you know that Labour will put a 3 line whip on the Meaningful vote to abstain? If they do there's zero chance of a #peoplesvote - The #Brexit deal goes through, that's it.
" STOP #BREXIT " PETITION has STARTED TO SLOW DOWN IN THE LAST 24 HOURS despite passing 55,000 SIGNATURES in a very short time!!! WE NEED TO KEEP THIS GOING! Please SIGN &amp; REPEATEDLY ReTWEET as many people do not sign petitions on THEIR first sighting!
Chumbawamba lives - did you know that Alice Nutter (I managed to sneak her onto many years ago) wrote the Getty kidnapping TV drama broadcast earlier this year?
Vested interests r protecting their mechanisms for power &amp; influence. Anything that’s an NGO or bureaucracy that can be bribed or influenced by big money &amp; crony capitalism. UN &amp; EU r classic examples. See how many lobbyists there r in Brussels for instance. #Brexit
Here's some info on the situation with Brexit.I am pretty sure this ignorance of the actual policy is why Sanders stopped discussing it. Too many just follow headlines and fail to study policy.
#bbcnews | will this get covered on 10pm news?
Angels were very proud to sign this. Thanks to our colleague
How Theresa May’s Brexit might survive. Game theory explains why. via
The headline story about illegal immigrants is blatantly pro-government Brexit propaganda
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
The bumpy road ahead, explained.
" STOP #BREXIT " PETITION has STARTED TO SLOW DOWN IN THE LAST 24 HOURS despite passing 55,000 SIGNATURES in a very short time!!! WE NEED TO KEEP THIS GOING! Please SIGN &amp; REPEATEDLY ReTWEET as many people do not sign petitions on THEIR first sighting!
In the 80s, the Conservatives closed coal mines with no thought to the aftermath. Communities left reeling, and to this day have not recovered. With Brexit they’ve escalated this to the whole country.
May rebukes Trump as she bids to sell Brexit deal
that's me . . . and I agree completely as long as the 16 and 17 year olds get the vote. . . #brexshit #NotInMyName . . . #FBPE #Brexit #exitbrexit #FBR #stopbrexit #PeoplesVote
Proper striker needed, play 4-4-2, brexit ball, scenes
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
This is a mega thread from Steve Bullock but it's an excellent read. #Brexit #PeoplesVote #FBPE #FAB #FinalSay #FinalSayForAll #OFOC
Has anyone checked have we sleep walked into a dictatorship. Is this all legal.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
. reports migrants like Iranians sadly taking huge risks trying to get to U.K. because they think Brexit will bring tighter controls. So it should - &amp; it should be serious offence to enter the country illegally
Yep, I'm adding Corbyn and May to my ever-growing list of people whose faces I do not ever want to see again. Branching out beyond our borders. World's my oyster.
Are there really a few deluded remainers still clinging to the hope of stopping Brexit? The 580 page “Truth about the EU” or the remainers suicide note shows how right we are to be leaving. No point in ref2 as Project fear is no longer believed and the EU is hideous. So we’re off
So who is he using to evidence his Brexit dividend BS, given he doesn’t hold any truck with financial experts?
" STOP #BREXIT " PETITION has STARTED TO SLOW DOWN IN THE LAST 24 HOURS despite passing 55,000 SIGNATURES in a very short time!!! WE NEED TO KEEP THIS GOING! Please SIGN &amp; REPEATEDLY ReTWEET as many people do not sign petitions on THEIR first sighting!
And so it begins....
DUP's Foster hits out at May's Brexit 'propaganda' tour
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
Can we have a ‘big, fat no’ category? No, no, no..
The BBC headlines of migrants landing at Kent, as May tours the UK peddling her Brexit deal. How obvious is this brainwashing ploy for us to support May? Shame on and Westminster. Do not use people’s lives for scaremongering. #SNP #indyref2 #independence #livesmatter
Anyone who does not think Brexit is far more important than party politics does not understand the concept of being an autonomous nation sovereign and democratic, in other words #Remoaners.
Well it's a bit more politically complex than that. I'm angry about Brexit. A lot of Labour voters wanted it for varying reasons. Corbyn's had to play a balancing act.
Pool of support for May's Brexit deal even shallower than first thought - Sky News
Ooo, Brexit again.....
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
De Gea could actually stop #Brexit. #MUFC #MUNYB #ChampionsLeague
BREXIT NEEDS INDIA &amp; INDIA ALONE -TO WORK- #INDIA COULD FIX THE #NHS IN A DAY RECOGNIZE EVERY UNKNOWN &amp; UNWILLING PARTICIPATION THE WILLFULLY INDIFFERENT &amp; FINANCIALLY DRIVEN DESECRATION OF THE MOTHER OF ALL CIVILIZATIONS FREE INDIA FROM THE COMMONWEALTH -SEPOYS NO MORE-
Can someone tell me why May needs to ‘give the green’ light on a TV debate on Brexit. For what? She’s already said we won’t get a final say on the deal and that there won’t be a second ref. It’s not like an election, we’re no longer voting for anything.
It is the only way Brexit is stopped, theoretically, there are many ways it can play out with labour been in office without winning an election. But a general election is the only way we can get labour in and stop persecution of our citizens also.
" STOP #BREXIT " PETITION has STARTED TO SLOW DOWN IN THE LAST 24 HOURS despite passing 55,000 SIGNATURES in a very short time!!! WE NEED TO KEEP THIS GOING! Please SIGN &amp; REPEATEDLY ReTWEET as many people do not sign petitions on THEIR first sighting!
Couldn't President Trump and his team say their views before the May lady put pen to paper? If I still recall well, he praised PM May for the Brexit back then?
I see what you mean but some of them might not be proto-Nazis but were just misinformed or easy to influence. So many people have now been misinformed by Brexit, may still be worth a public campaign trying to get them out of this misinformation.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
PM May's Brexit is no Brexit at all. Hopefully Parliament will not agree to take this deal.
I could live with that, it is what was being thrown about by the leavers until they won and then decided it was a complete hard Brexit.
Do not assume the UK will avoid a no-deal #Brexit via
The far-right recruit and organise by posing a civilisational threat between muslims and non-muslims. They will try and sanitise themselves by pretending the real issue is brexit, and its beyond irresponsible to play into their hands by accepting that narrative.
the EU is not borderless it just projects the internal borders of north and western Europe out to southern and eastern Europe. opposing Brexit is not the radical "no borders" position UK trots think it is
Clean Brexit = Hard Brexit Trade will follow. Business and the UK will prosper. #Brexit
Theresa May accused of 'dangerous' Brexit cover-up as she blocks full publication of legal advice on her deal via
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
Pathetic . . . why is she PM in such an important time in UK's history?
I guess her intention is to spread popular opinion in favour of her deal, take advantage of "brexit fatigue" and get people to convince their own MPs to approve it so that the issue goes away. That's the only angle I can see here
Why are you still touting fictions (&lt; kind term) about a "Brexit dividend" exploded 5 &amp; 10 months ago? Brexit DEFICIT: / / / /
Reports on about the boats from France carrying illegal immigrants. A solution is that those Brexit Remainers can accommodate these people being as Remainers want free movement within the EU. So remainers and #FBPE supporters should prove their loyalty.
Why the hell aren’t the school dealing with these thugs? The stupid and idiotic Brexit has unleashed so much racism in this country! #Almondbury #AlmondburyHighSchool #Huddersfield
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
Im not sharing that video of the Syrian kid being bullied as Mr Galloway (for some reason) is tagged. The treatment of that kid is cruel, heartless but indicative of the Brexit Britain we know is coming. Also, parents, do better with your little shits. #AntiBullying #indyref2
Establishment clown made this up
" STOP #BREXIT " PETITION has STARTED TO SLOW DOWN IN THE LAST 24 HOURS despite passing 55,000 SIGNATURES in a very short time!!! WE NEED TO KEEP THIS GOING! Please SIGN &amp; REPEATEDLY ReTWEET as many people do not sign petitions on THEIR first sighting!
What does this have to do with Brexit?
Gotta love the Scots for saying it as it is.
Whatever the Whips have on you Nicky Morgan, know that at some point they’ll use it anyway. Or a newspaper will get hold of it. Do the right thing, you know that “no deal” can be avoided, so stop her deal now. If they come for you, you’ll be on the right side of history
My son is Evil Dust, if brexit stops him succeeding, I'll be mad. And a mad mother is something to be scared of.
Theresa May could suffer a 200-vote defeat when the Commons decides on her Brexit deal — dealing a fatal blow to her Premiership
GO cry over Brexit
When I think of May and Corbyn only having a Brexit debate excluding other views; makes me think of this
No because she has lost all credibility, no one believes her, she is a busted thrush!
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
If the rest of the union stays together (they wouldn’t) and England leaves then it wouldn’t be Brexit...just in simple language terms
What Ireland (and the UK and the EU) needs is the cancelation of the nonsensical and xenophobic piece of crap that is brexit. Make no mistake, that cancelation is not very far away now.
ONCE AGAIN, #ProjectFear goes into overdrive TERRIFYING #British people to accept the #establishment elites' preferred way THESE #EnemiesOfThePeople forget that Brits DON'T scare easily and VOTED #Brexit TIME TO DELIVER #StandUp4Brexit #AxeMay STAND UP FOR #FREEDOM
You gotta love Jon Snow
Looking forward to it, especially exposure of British collusion. British Establishment bunch of Nazi EU Fourth Reich elite paedos. #GiletsJaunes #Brexit
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
" STOP #BREXIT " PETITION has STARTED TO SLOW DOWN IN THE LAST 24 HOURS despite passing 55,000 SIGNATURES in a very short time!!! WE NEED TO KEEP THIS GOING! Please SIGN &amp; REPEATEDLY ReTWEET as many people do not sign petitions on THEIR first sighting!
Will come down fae Glasgow with 30 friends
Let debate &amp; tbh... they are voices of reason
Have often thought F1/motorsport exposed to #Brexit - highly specialist EU talent employed in UK, large &amp; frequent cross-border movements of both people &amp; parts and reliance on integrated supply chains:
UPDATE 1-U.S. near aviation agreement with post-Brexit UK -sources #news #reuters
'Teach us a lesson' Nigel Farage reveals his BIGGEST fear over Theresa May's Brexit deal
Why are you still touting fictions (&lt; kind term) about a "Brexit dividend" exploded 5 &amp; 10 months ago? Brexit DEFICIT: / / / /
Shock, horror - on "migrants are desperate to get to the UK before Brexit." At least the illegal immigrants like Theresa May's deal.
This is Brexit Britain in a nutshell.
These attempted threats will weed out those who possess the strength of their convictions &amp; believe in democracy, &amp; those who are simply weak &amp; self-serving
Fake news
can you disseminate the kind of racism going on against immigrants and call out the school for it's lack of a statement condemning this behavior? All the Brexit so called leaders are seemingly happy that their young base are getting the message.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
When it comes to worker rights, Brexit risks us throwing out the baby, the bathwater, the bath and the sink too. Great analysis by and proud the as always, is putting workers first.
BBC News - Migrants 'rush to cross Channel by boat before Brexit'
This government cannot be trusted.
hardly thermonuclear ....
This Day in History 1967 DeGaulle vetoes Great Britain's entry into the Common Market again. (kind of like a pre-emptive Brexit) (shown here with a pretty cool hat)
. banned from 's hit and run press conference in Scotland. She doesn't want her "Lie Back and Think of England" #Brexit message to Scotland to be held to scrutiny.
" STOP #BREXIT " PETITION has STARTED TO SLOW DOWN IN THE LAST 24 HOURS despite passing 55,000 SIGNATURES in a very short time!!! WE NEED TO KEEP THIS GOING! Please SIGN &amp; REPEATEDLY ReTWEET as many people do not sign petitions on THEIR first sighting!
Looks like Queen Meabh's prize stud bull has decided to get out of Ulster before Brexit.
This has nothing to do with brexit so please spare me that bollocks ,This has been in British society for years now it's the left that have pandered to children and no discipline that children need , run riot with knife in London get suspended sentence ,wrong message to kids
I liked a video Stephen Merchant's Views on Brexit &amp; Donald Trump | The Last Leg
Yep. Definitely the sane voice of the #Brexit debate. Don’t know about you, but I’m now thoroughly convinced
Both Brexit and I are so tired that we can barely function.
Am I to deduce from your tweet the strange logic that because I live in the UK I must have voted for Brexit and advised the PM on negotiating the Brexit deal? Did your school teachers have high hopes for you at one point or was stupidly always a bot’s best friend? #AmericanBot
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
The tide has turned and Brexit feels like it’s dead in the water.
Is that genuine? All the MPs, irrespective of party, who support a #PeoplesVote voted to cut disability benefits? So much work to do to turn around our society. And first off, we must stop Brexit.
Absolutely not true for the oranges imported into the UK. The WTO rules Brexit prospectus is based on falsehoods, not reality.
I’m sure Topham Corbyn can top the Governments Brexit deal.
Well, I was sceptical, but nothing restores my faith in Theresa May's Brexit 'deal' like her refusal to publish the government's legal advice. (OH MY GOD WHAT HAS SHE GOT PLANNED FOR US??! I TRIED TO LEARN GERMAN ONCE AND I'M RUBBISH AT IT.)
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
Corbyn, Johnson or Labour government and we’re more screwed! Johnson &amp; Farage should be locked up after all the lies they spread....funny how they left the positions after.
" STOP #BREXIT " PETITION has STARTED TO SLOW DOWN IN THE LAST 24 HOURS despite passing 55,000 SIGNATURES in a very short time!!! WE NEED TO KEEP THIS GOING! Please SIGN &amp; REPEATEDLY ReTWEET as many people do not sign petitions on THEIR first sighting!
The latest Great Western Times! Thanks to #brexit #seo
So big is coming to #glasgow to start her #Brexit promotional tour of the UK. I’m a Scot get me out of here!!!
focus on #migrants even now blaming attempts to reach #uk on #brexit. Apparently fleeing #religious persecution in their #Muslim homelands. So was #AsiaBibi - but #bbc shored no sympathy there. Why is that, ?
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
I think this might be my fave series of ever. No crap, no drama, no bloody Brexit - just good craic, fun to watch. Much needed! :)
Theresa May hits back at Donald Trump as she begins bid to sell Brexit deal
She may have blocked it but it will come out. And she will really struggle to get herself out of that.
Well why invite anyone but your ideological friends to the show?
Nobody either should loose their job before Christmas. Many are loosing their jobs because you failed them by supporting #Brexit You must go now #CorbynMustGo so that we can have #PeoplesVote to #StopBrexit
Lol! I will eventually go to sleep and allow your ignorance to slow down. Brexit and Italy looking good right now! Lol. Keep posting!
Why haven't you deleted this tweet you ignorant fool! The BBC quote was wrong as I tweeted you !,3.9% over 10 years not annually #Ffs you total #leftard
But will Corbyn whip them to abstain, rather than vote against?
Outflows from UK-focused equity funds since Brexit vote hit $1tn #investor
bloody liars - but that is not new for lib dems is it - you are despicable
Post Brexit you may have to get used to the inconvenient world of visa regimes where civil servants use your bank balance, travel history, what you have to return to and laws that favour the rich to decide whether you get your holiday in their country.
Irresponsible dereliction of duty by May not to have planned for an orderly WTO Rules exit.
"No deal Brexit and Copyright – Part 1: Broadcasting and online content services: On 26 October 2018, the UK government published a draft version of a statutory instrument (Copyright SI) and explanatory note together with guidance issued by the UK… "
Some of the most fun I've had in World of Warcraft in the last week is talking about mints being sold in condom machines in public toilets in a dungeon, and one player telling me it might be due to Brexit regulations.
Never mind Brexit and it’s effects on Northern Ireland - the ultimate backstop is the bacon roll at Bennys cafe #Bennyscafe #bbcnews
A Corbyn led labour gov will deliver Brexit
" STOP #BREXIT " PETITION has STARTED TO SLOW DOWN IN THE LAST 24 HOURS despite passing 55,000 SIGNATURES in a very short time!!! WE NEED TO KEEP THIS GOING! Please SIGN &amp; REPEATEDLY ReTWEET as many people do not sign petitions on THEIR first sighting!
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
Right, because racism and bullying didn't exist pre Brexit. Have a word with yourself.
Ozzy Osbourne Admits He Doesn't Know What Brexit Is: 'Is It A Big Deal?'
'Brits aren’t STUPID!' Brexiteer brilliantly DISMANTLES no-deal Brexit scare stories
has badly misjudged us - and lied to us. Her contempt is probably nothing compared to the contempt with which millions of voters must hold for her....
What Does mass immigration of Muslims bring your once great country, rape and terrorism?
Zero. The number of countries outside the EUSSR we will be able to strike trade deals with if Mayhem’s ‘Brexit’ deal goes through!!
This response to Theresa May’s letter has gone viral
It is never-ending - notice how the angle is that they are somehow heroic trying to illegally get to the UK. Bit of a coincidence that an ITN film crew just happens to be on the Channel in the middle of the night... and manages to bump into an illegal migrant boat. #BREXIT #ITN
Salvini LASHES OUT at EU for Brexit – ‘Someone in Brussels has DONE SOMETHING WRONG’
Another reason to bin Brexit.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
They've been acting in contempt ever since the Brexit result, you could argue. They've certainly been contemptuous in their treatment of the devolved nations of the UK.
When the debate happens, between Corby and May, its gonna be about brexit, or brexit. And a shit load of Labour voters will have their illusions shattered, the only peoples vote that will be offerred, if at all, will be in the same vein, brexit or brexit. Hammer , nail , coffin
No matter what the MPs do Never, never, never give up your Brexit It was a once in a generation decision, that has to be implemented
Unbelievable: listen to Leadsom saying it would be a disaster for the economy to leave the EU!
Does believe in Boris enough to talk about the case built against him over the £350m claims? &amp; legal team look forward to answers in court. #ProsecuteBoris
" STOP #BREXIT " PETITION has STARTED TO SLOW DOWN IN THE LAST 24 HOURS despite passing 55,000 SIGNATURES in a very short time!!! WE NEED TO KEEP THIS GOING! Please SIGN &amp; REPEATEDLY ReTWEET as many people do not sign petitions on THEIR first sighting!
That's Sevenoaks crossed off the PM's regional #Brexit tour..(if It ever was)
This is what happens with no deal - and very likely civil disturbances, invocation of the Civil Contingencies provisions and the end of democracy. Not a prediction, just an evaluation of business reaction to Brexit.
Brexit Broadcasting Corporation.
Did you ever have journalist integrity or did you always go for the money? You're like a trained monkey, regurgitating its repertoire you're certainly not a journalist!
I suggest you look further. And read more. #brexit
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
May heads to Scotland as Brexit deal founders in Westminster #Brexit
Well it seems there is little hope for May's deal to get thru parliament, so why are we proceeding with it? Without spite or malice Michael Fallon says "the deal is doomed", we should extend A50, go back to Brussels, get a better deal, but no 2nd Ref.
About 1,000 people per hour are signing this "NO DEAL" petition but it needs a lot more yet so please keep SIGNING and RETWEETING.
To some extent, Brexit was logical – if you're refusing to be an active and leading member of the club, it's often better to leave – but (un)fortunately there's no alternative that's half as good. So it'd be better to become a full, leading EU member.
Brussels uses Brexit concerns to charm UK fintech
Best to ask nicely
I refuse to believe that he voted Remain in the referendum. He is, if anything, worse than May in his approach to this matter - and that is some achievement!
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
" STOP #BREXIT " PETITION has STARTED TO SLOW DOWN IN THE LAST 24 HOURS despite passing 55,000 SIGNATURES in a very short time!!! WE NEED TO KEEP THIS GOING! Please SIGN &amp; REPEATEDLY ReTWEET as many people do not sign petitions on THEIR first sighting!
Well done sir. May us not the boss of MPs rhe voters are.
Cameron you twerp! #brexit #Referendum
This is brilliant. 'Labour’s Missing Brexit Strategy' by James Stafford via
Brexit: Tell UK broadcasters to make it #ARealDebate
From budget cuts in other government departments and tax rises....there is no brexit dividend.
Brexiteer's STARK WARNING: ‘Mismanaged’ Brexit deal sets DANGEROUS 'PRECEDENT for future’
Just watched the brilliant film Darkest Hour. It showed that the ToryParty has always been an institutionally appeasement Party so Theresa May’s Brexit betrayal should not have come as any surprise. If only we now had a true great Winston type PM who believed in their own country
I’m surprised Theresa May hasn’t gone to a primary school to tell them about her Agreement. #BBCNews #Brexit
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
“More to the point, though a customs union does curtail our ability to forge FTAs, the actual value of FTAs is massively overstated and provide only marginal increments in trade that cost consumers would struggle to notice.”
The national interest is #NoDeal Not #BrexitDeal Please sign and retweet this petition #Brexit #StandUp4Brexit #TuesdayThoughts #BrexitBetrayalMarch
Unleashed? Secret weapon? Jeez, she is more desperate than I realised
How apt
Hope it goes well. Will Teresa May invite prominent business leaders to join her in her proposed live TV aired Q&amp;A to open up wider conversation and to understand their view, on this obvious muddle? #education #Brexit.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
Great idea for the Brexit debate between Corbyn and May:
Muslim Council of Britain vs. Tommy Robinson #UK #tcot #terrorism #Brexit
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
So only English Party leaders are invited? Last time I counted there was more than 1 country that #Brexit was going to impact? Every party leader from every devolved country involved should be at the debate! "Union of Equals" aye right and am a Tory voter!
BBC News - Brexit: Theresa May denies 'rolling over' on deal She DIDN'T "roll over" - she just lay on her back, waving her arms and legs in the air in abject surender
Who is behind the legal challenge to Brexit, and what is Westminster’s view? MEPs worried abput losing their 101,000 euro salary + expenses. Up them
This is the first time #Brexit has made me smile
" STOP #BREXIT " PETITION has STARTED TO SLOW DOWN IN THE LAST 24 HOURS despite passing 55,000 SIGNATURES in a very short time!!! WE NEED TO KEEP THIS GOING! Please SIGN &amp; REPEATEDLY ReTWEET as many people do not sign petitions on THEIR first sighting!
No-deal Brexit: Amazon blamed for lack of food warehouse space – The Guardian
UK democracy is completely broken and very few people have noticed, however they voted. Leavers think Brexit happening will make us all move on, Remainers think another referendum will solve it. Both are equally wrong. We now know that both main parties consist of a huge...
We can look forward to seeing hordes of illegal migrants on the English Channel for the next few weeks while the Maybot tries to whip MPs into line on Brexit.
Will take a while but Brexiteers will clock that a People’s vote could mean no Brexit at all. Better to go with what is on offer and then change things in the years to come if necessary. The agreement might be legally binding, but not for ever.
Exactly! If we had put it to parliament we would have remained in the first place. We have an elected representative democracy. The people should never have been asked about such a complex and far reaching question. They voted to be better off but they got brexit.
Sounds overcomplicated. If there's a vote to remain before Brexit day, the UK should just remain.
Nothing to do with Brexit Who these cowards Name shame lock up
Damn I thought you were talking about Brexit for a second there.
" STOP #BREXIT " PETITION has STARTED TO SLOW DOWN IN THE LAST 24 HOURS despite passing 55,000 SIGNATURES in a very short time!!! WE NEED TO KEEP THIS GOING! Please SIGN &amp; REPEATEDLY ReTWEET as many people do not sign petitions on THEIR first sighting!
I don't have time to discuss his Brexit strategy now. I have strong feelings about it. As a member of a sister party to the UK Labour party I'm certain his strategy is wrong
The Onion Reports: #EU Leaders Approve #Brexit Deal
Preet hasn’t publicly announced supporting a #PeoplesVote, since deleting a tweet months ago. From what I understand about her views, I think given a commons vote on holding a #PeoplesVote, Preet would vote for it.
May heads to Scotland as Brexit deal founders in Westminster
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
You can't even get your lie correct. The claim was £394m per week extra. Which has already been proven to be unfunded and not at all a brexit divided.
Not really her plan, she got nothing at all, she signed off on a deal that leaves us powerless because she came from a position of no power in the first place. There was never going to be anything else when she decided she wanted a hard Brexit.
He better get in quick before brexit starts or he might not pass the foreigner test
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
BREAKING IMPORTANT INFORMATION REGARDING BREXIT MEANS EXIT MARCH ON 9TH ... via
Been saying this since Leave won. It was always just a matter of time allowing Tory Brexit to deliver a massive, &amp; probably mortal, blow the Tory party. Also, isn't it about time you dumped FaceBook, sellers of democracy, as a platform?
I liked a video Brexit Betrayal: Theresa May's EU Deal Is Treason
This is massive. Counsel for the people claiming that A50 can be unilaterally reversed has argued that A50 can be unilaterally reversed. No one could have predicted he'd make that argument. What did the EU's counsel say (your article doesn't mention that funnily enough)?
But he doesn’t. Brexit has revealed what this country actually is and that’s anything but respectful tolerant and positive.
What is the point of having a televised debate between two people who both WANT brexit?
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
I have honestly never seen anyone more knackered.
The only explanation for May trying to sell her #Brexit deal over the heads of Parliament, direct to the public, is that she’s planning a #PeoplesVote. Otherwise, why bother - we don’t have a say at the moment?!
Yes but remember TM did not actually want Brexit she is just delivering it because in the referendum the majority voted for it. However on TMs human rights conduct alone her conduct is not really what you would expect from a vicar's daughter.
Labour demands Theresa May publishes all government Brexit legal advice in full
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
"I would remind you that extremism in the defense of liberty is no vice!" If it's extreme to want to scupper Brexit to defnd my liberty - my Human Right to travel, live and work in Europe then call me an extremist. I dont care.
Cue Marsan..defending Blair whilst attacking Corbyn. If anyone is 'disingenuous' it's Blair.
Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn to debate Brexit on I'm a Celeb grand final night
Went into a second hand bookshop in Wolverhampton today and said to the store owner in a loud voice I was looking for a book on the history of # Brexit. He laughed.
Brexit.
I simply cannot watch the BBC News anymore, straight out of central office #PeoplesVote
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
If this is as good as it gets It's not good enough By a long chalk So STOP BREXIT
This is remarkable and magnificent. If only in the U.K. we had had this kind of imagination and initiative. Instead our PM talks of queue jumpers. I hope we can stop the tragedy of Brexit. In the meantime Congrats!
Mein Failure Theresa May embarks on Charmless Offensive to sell her Brexit Sell Out.
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
Things David DeGea could save - - Fellianis Hair - The UK from Brexit - Piers Morgan from Little mix and gender fluid advocates - The titanic - John Snow from death - Mourinho’s job ? #degea #Manchester #ManUtd #ChampionsLeague #thingsdegeacouldsave
PM heads for 200 vote defeat on Brexit deal but is still being told she can win - The Sun
U.K. GDP TO BE 7.6% LOWER UNDER NO-DEAL BREXIT: TELEGRAPH avoids the dreaded 7.7% lower
With parliament vote in doubt, May tours UK to drum up support for Brexit deal #usedcar #japanusedcar #car
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
May's brexit will cost up to £2000 per person, per year, for 15 years.
Why is brexit bad? Im not informed? I only support it because article 13 wont effect me if it happens? Not really sure pros and cons other then that?
Gary you're out of order here. You're obviously on the media bandwagon of Mourinho haters. Why don't you stick to talking Brexit. You're talking bollix about that too but at least it's bollix nobody gives a bollix about.
Senior UK academics call for people’s vote to save universities | Education | The Guardian
On Dec. 11 British Parliament will vote on #Brexit. See how alumni are preparing their businesses.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
Hi finding it puzzling that you are distributing leaflets in the Westend without any reference to the fact that you represent the Conservatives at Holyrood - could it be you are embarassed by Tory policy on Brexit/ universal credit
Sometimes, there's not enough space - or time to do that, and almost everything I post on this account, other than hockey tweets, location photos or attacks on pro-Brexit politicians are retweets of 'worthy' anti-Brexit comment. That's how thoughts get widely shared.
" STOP #BREXIT " PETITION has STARTED TO SLOW DOWN IN THE LAST 24 HOURS despite passing 55,000 SIGNATURES in a very short time!!! WE NEED TO KEEP THIS GOING! Please SIGN &amp; REPEATEDLY ReTWEET as many people do not sign petitions on THEIR first sighting!
Are you “bored of Brexit”? #BOB #BoredOfBrexit #Brexit
I wasn’t interested in this proposed Brexit “debate”… …but if we could dress Boris Johnson up as Harvey Two-Face and make him debate himself live on TV then I’ll tune in.
Brexit negotiations explained by stairs.
Trump Fabricates Injuries to U.S. Agents In Border Clashes
please keep trying you have done an amazing job in difficult circumstances a lot of people are behind you with the Brexit deal
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
What are we getting FROM EU for £39 billion in ’s #BRexit deal? 1 probkem is that #billion sounds like #million so many don’t realise how much £££ it is! £1 billion = £1,000 million which is £1,000,000,000 so £39b is £38,000,000,000 = £600 for every human being in UK!
He turned up at the EU though didn’t he? Brexit makes the UK irrelevant, so we’d better get used to it. #PeoplesVote
The tragic stories of people trying to cross the Channel for a better life will only increase as #Brexit becomes a reality. Ending #FreedomOfMovement will not solve this issue.
Any labour MP who sides with TM should be kicked out of the party.
Pretty much......
Exactly why do 2 party leaders who are remainers need to have a debate over brexit they both want to stay so what is the point there's more to this I don't care what anyone say! Makes you wonder whether Theresa May is a labour supporter rather than a leader
That's a bit obvious. #redTories &amp; #yellowTories have always preferred to keep Tories in govt because they support their policies :X People's Vote/FBPE too often more anti-Corbyn than anti-Brexit/Tory (austerity, privatisation etc that won't stop regardless of Brexit)
Because themes the rules #brexit And the #eu wants to remove that rule so it can elect it's own Commissioners.
The Brexit "Deal" -- For The American Reader - Ron Paul Liberty Report
Well luckily your intransigence in the face of Brexit will leave us as world leaders in the fight for a sustainable future. 70 million of us locked in the intractable conundrum of whether to grow swedes or erect out wattle and daub hovels. Which first?
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
- the only thing we can be sure of with Brexit is division and insecurity! David cameron is guilty of starting this but you could have changed the situation. There is so much pain ahead. Shame on you! #StopBrexit #peoplesvote
#KeepUsIn B*ll*cks to #Brexit
I will not back the Brexit Deal.
Nothing to do with Brexit. He’s a child getting bullied. Doesn’t matter where he’s from or what religion. This is other kids listening in on their dick head parents conversations about race. I voted Brexit, I’m not racist, and people like you need step off your fucking soapbox.
Fantastic Brexit: The Crime of Copyrighting
Clean Brexit = Hard Brexit Trade will follow. Business and the UK will prosper. #Brexit
Don't forget the two recent reports that showed we will be much worse off with May's deal.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
Bored of brexit so let's spend a decade tearing ourselves apart over it
'May is WASTING time!' DUP leader calls for May to ditch UK tour and renegotiate deal
Theresa May could suffer a 200-vote defeat when the Commons decides on her Brexit deal — dealing a fatal blow to her Premiership
'Norway-plus' Brexit option gaining ground, says Nicola Sturgeon
DICTATOR Theresa May accused of 'dangerous' Brexit cover-up as she blocks full publication of legal advice on her deal. Strong suspicions she is hiding info showing we will be trapped in EU. #borisjohnson #boris johnson #Brexit
Waiting patiently for the leak.....
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
Lmao why have you even mentioned brexit in this you absolute fucking weirdo
But the young woman was the most vociferous in backing #Brexit.
UK politics has hit rock bottom when even the DUP are making salient points about how shambolic the UK Governments Brexit Deal is.
A no deal Brexit might wake up the EU.
So Eilidh thought Beijing was the capital of India and Molly thought brexit was the Britain leaving Europe and having its own continent. I love my mongo pals
got to give her credit for going but....
Trumps election, Brexit &amp; the right wing movement in Europe.....Coincidence? Might also be linked to Bannon's involvement (through his so called 'non profit organisation') in sowing discord in European politics today?
I wish Theresa May would stop banging on about Brexit. #bbcnews
May defends Brexit deal as Trump casts doubt on UK ability to trade with US
Is May’s Brexit Deal Dead in the Water?
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
There is no further debate to be had - we do not live in a democracy
yes white britain brexit voting parents have a lot to do with this the tip of the iceberg i fear
No more warehouses to stockpile food for no-deal Brexit 'because Amazon may have booked them up'
With parliament vote in doubt, May tours UK to drum up support for Brexit deal #japanese #japan #news
I liked a video Brexit fallout: The real cost of Theresa May's Brexit dead donkey
Hi Charlie. For the UK's largest wargaming show in London next year we are running a post Brexit apocalypse game... A Pimlico van should really be there but I can't see the scale anywhere... Any idea?
This is why I voted Brexit
The reason we are in this position is May is a remainiac and scuppered the deal ..she will pay but there will never be a 2nd vote as it’s nonsense to think that democracy is a game to be played because the losers can’t take they lost ..#brexit
With parliament vote in doubt, May tours UK to drum up support for Brexit deal
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
Maybe. But then again I'm not sure the "issue" has got across there. Certainly not in any coherant way. Surely the likes of Trump and Brexit has by now shown people that simply yelling others are wrong is the exact opposite of how you should go about getting a good point across.
Brexit to blame once again - NOT!!! It was the Iran/Serbia tourist visas that allowed rich Iranians to reach Europe and their wealth is the reason why they’re spending several thousand on small boats to cross the channel via France’s increasing organised Mafia like crime.
This so called ‘deal’ with the #EU is to soften up those who voted #BREXIT so we will except a #norway deal
'It's going to be TOUGH' May hits back at Trump after US condemns Brexit deal
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
The latest The Open Unionism Daily! Thanks to #brexit #moray
Glad you are so happy-she is using the same rhetoric about NI-however we will be gift wrapped in the backstop-in 2 years to save £39b per year for the length of the extended negotiations. You will also be fodder for a compromised GB deal which will see UK remain in EU- no brexit
Thank you
Blow the boats out of the water, they will soon stop coming.
As a ex Tory voter untill 25 years ago I am surprised that due to your party's self induced Brexit chaos shambles debacle, your not all high on Coke yourselves? I take great comfort that as a party you will truly deserve everything bad that's coming your way soon.
If you’re a Flight Attendant in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a farce for you. If you live in Wales then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this catastrophe! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
There is no form of brexit that will benefit your constituencies.
Tomorrow's front page: Scots to be £1600 worse off in May's UK after Brexit
Could they please leave their boats on the beach - there might be a few of us going the other way by March? Migrants 'rush to cross Channel by boat before Brexit'
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
That’s because she ie a Bilderberg Puppet
A Remainer she always has been, along with her No1 adviser on Brexit The ultra Remainer Olly Robins
The UK is USA largest Investor and one of its largest trading partners yes trumpo the idiot clown
These little shits should be locked up....but our law is an ass so they will get sweet FA
No Brexit for me!! Lied to as usual
Support a junior activist in her GCSE project - ‘brexit and the nhs’ - Only takes a minute to do - a little longer if you feel very passionate about the subject!
just watching Roman J Esquire Jnr it reminds me of the Magistrates system of courts in England wow add it #Brexit wot a weird corrupt country
Have a good night's rest . Don't let the 03:00 wide-eyed sweaty panic get to you.... #MuellerTime #Mueller #TrumpRussia #Brexit
Has anyone ever seen them in the same room together? #Brexit #ArleneFoster
The quote continues to say "who nonetheless remain opposed to Brexit" - you left that out!
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back! #DontBackTheBrexitDeal
She won't change mind vote. #Brexit
Well done Farage, Johnson, Gove et al. This is the reality of Brexit Britain. I hope those thugs get what’s coming to them.
here you go
You will not publish full legal advice on Brexit? Wow! Talk about an affront to democracy. This is beyond shocking, even for your party #PeoplesVoteNow #PeoplesVote #FinalSay
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
Deep State Daily: US Renews Tariff Threats ahead of G20 Summit, Trump &amp; Xi to Meet on Sidelines; Ukraine Approves Martial Law, Nikki Haley Denounces Russia; Trump Dismisses His Own Administration’s Fourth National Climate Assessment. #deepstateradio
Well you can’t trust the BoE!!
They used to be a great paper. They’ve sunk so low over #brexit.
No more warehouses to stockpile food for no-deal Brexit 'because Amazon may have booked them up' #FBPE #PeoplesVote #Labour #Libdems #ToriesOut #SNP #Indyref2 #GreenGB #plaidcymru #EU #BrexitChaos #BrexitShambles #TonyBlair #GinaMileer #VinceCable #OFOC
My letter to Jeremy Corbyn: your nation is threatened – back a people’s vote | Gina Miller
Hard to tell, innit.
(The Financial Times):#Britain clears trade hurdle ahead of #Brexit : WTO members give ‘provisional’ support to UK membership of 47-country procurement pact ..
No matter how many times you try to sell us this pup, PM, we know your "deal" is a tissue of lies, deceit and obfuscation. It is NOT Brexit. Kindly stop insulting our intelligence by flogging the dead horse that is this "deal". #NoDeal #Resign
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
Backing the backstop: Why Sinn Féin thinks Brexit will eventually lead to a united Ireland
All blowing up now with the dirty bastards attempting even more obfuscation, misinformation and fear...
Trump warns Brexit agreement could threaten future US-UK trade deal
Furthermore Parliament will do its best to stop a no-deal.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
I think this was planned all along and it started when he backstabbed , I honestly think it was planned all along , he was made an offer he could not refuse I am sure this is a conspiracy theory which could be right #BrexitBetrayal
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
#TweetYourMP: We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
If you say it often enough you think we will believe you? NO not after all the lies and there is no evidence you will give us Brexit we want. 2 years wasted due to Mrs May she got no con ex but made too many
"a points-based system, as used in Australia [...] would amount to economic micro-management (and create huge administrative burdens). [...] no bureaucratic process will be able to determine how many people should enter the country, and what skill-set and experience they need."
Ah the tour is on...#Brexit #theresamaytour #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit
Anything so the snp they can just mybe get on with there day job
Brexit: Gig economy union throws weight behind fresh referendum on Theresa May's deal - The Independent
May's Brexit deal sounds like a 'great deal for the EU', says Donald Trump
I've no idea. Poor effort by them. Maybe their legal team is depleted because of Brexit.
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
this must be a multi-party debate, not remain vs remain BBC News - Brexit: Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn agree to live TV debate
May's Brexit deal sounds like a 'great deal for the EU', says Donald Trump
Is quite musical? That would back up my theory on accents, never heard such a change of accent as she interviewed Arlene Foster #bbcnews #brexit
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
Dead in the water? could suffer a 200-vote defeat when the Commons decides on her Brexit deal — dealing a fatal blow to her Premiership
Don’t come fawning in Cheshire - stay in that separate state London
This means brexit is totally betrayed.
I just demanded that the broadcasters promise fair representation in the TV Brexit debates. I think the public should hear from anti-Brexit voices as well as Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn. Add your name to 's petition:
For goodness sake, Jeremy! There are more important issues for you to be concerned about this week. The state of your own country now and the Brexit mess is too low on your horizon. #peoplesvote_uk
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
Debating an ERG-er You would need a live fact checker. The ERG don't even trust their own facts.
The #brownshirts are at it. A very British #Brexit right wing coup
Here here.
This response to Theresa May’s letter has gone viral
Hold your nerve.
On average we are going to be significantly worse off. See
Spot on from someone who knows. #PeoplesVote to #StopBrexitSaveBritain &amp; #Remain #FBPE
Draft Packaged Retail and Insurance-based Investment Products (Amendment) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019 published by HM Treasury: Brexit SI
The front page of tomorrow's Daily Telegraph 'The Brexit backpedalling begins' #tomorrowspaperstoday
Communities debating is the idea behind the People’s Assemblies, which was suggested by Lisa Nancy, and supported by Jess Phillips as a way to tackle our Brexit impasse. Sadly too late for that now I think, but would have been viable post Ref, before Art50 trigger.
Is this same Nicola Sturgeon that wanted make Scotland poorer via Independence &amp; a no deal Brexit back in 2014? Have the SNP banned their own Growth Commission Report from from even being mentioned in SNP circles, or are members boycotting it? #DivisiveGrudgeAndGrievanceAllTheWay
TM: The public votes to leave &amp; we must leave. A second referendum would be a betrayal. Chair: How do you respond, Mr Corbyn. JC: I agree. Chair: Uhhh... ok. Anything to add? JC: Socialism &amp; buses!!!
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Disgraceful cowardly bullies motivated and encouraged by #Brexit
True. But UKIP had the backing of the right wing newspapers and media which the Greens don’t. #sadbuttrue
What ya playing at ?! Where's my bog roll gone? Is this the first signs of a post-Brexit Aldi?! #Brexit #BrokenBritain #WeWantOurBogRollBack
...Florida man, brexit, Oompa Loompa president (we didn’t start the fire...)
They do know we can hear them, right?
What a buffoon he is and always was. One of the many untrustworthy faces of our politicians!
I voted YES. Should Nicola Sturgeon be involved in any televised Brexit debate? via
He’s wrong. All of the Unionist parties in Northern Ireland support the DUP’s stance on the backstop, indeed, those Unionists voted remain, but now accept brexit. If those same Unionists had not voted remain, then Northern Ireland would not have had a majority to remain.
the EU is not borderless it just shifts the borders between states in north and western Europe outwards to southern and eastern Europe. opposing Brexit is not the radical "no borders" position UK trots seem to think it is.
This is a shocking statistic and it will get worse post #Brexit with fewer doctors and nurses, delays to radioisotopes and drug supplies
Brexit is to cost every Scot £1600. A small price to pay for unionist dues.
Just like May’s Brexit Deal... no deal is and always has been the best deal.
Boris, darling; for 2000 years democracy has-been somewhat wasted by pointing out the bleeding obvious. Could we have your leader considered points showing how this all should happen? for the people. Clear just a list of points that show us how you'd be able to #Brexit
Our own kids live in poverty but they spend billions on rapists beasts child abusers
It’s the economy that must override political clap trap of total Brexit
TBH I’ve been interested in how our constitutional monarchy might have an impact apart from the Queen is pro-Brexit. We’re really up against it.
It's not the only Brexit. Parliament has legislated to leave on WTO terms.
Oh my goodness. What a lot of twaddle. It's simple: brexit is a disaster for Britain, based on lies; the vast majority of British people see this and demand a peoples vote. It's all very simple and very well understood.
Important judgement!
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
Concern rises about the flood of migrant boats crossing the Channel before Brexit. Easily resolved - the UK navy should rescue them and return every single one to safety in France.
Nothing to be proud of. Boredom should not be a criterion for determining all of our futures. We're all sick of Brexit. That doesn't make it unimportant.
A terrible incident and I have no doubt the appropriate action will be taken against the perpetrator but what has this to do with Brexit?
Here's why you can't believe anything this lady says on the positives of Brexit! She's clearly putting her party first, and FCUK the country....
I’m certain that post Brexit I am worse off than pre Brexit, will you visit to convince me im wrong?
Labour shouldn’t target the target - but the tools Tories have to use to “bring down net migration”. Thread. 1/
It is such a dilemna - Brexit was mainly triggered by influx of immigrants - ditto in America so Trump builds a Wall - but we in the west by enlarge have a good life and security - and the refugees in the channel or at the Mexican border are seeking a better life- what do we do?
Seriously ? You blame Brexit. The kid is just a clever little t$$t showing off trying to get a bane for himself
So,Brexit can be stopped!
Japan's Abe welcomes Brexit deal during phone talk with May - The Mainichi
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
I just demanded that the broadcasters promise fair representation in the TV Brexit debates. I think the public should hear from anti-Brexit voices as well as Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn. Add your name to 's petition:
She has made no realistic attempt to engage with process - remembering that it was a UK vote (Scotland is not a constituent member of EU). Every step is carefully considered for one purpose only. She thought Brexit would trigger Indyref2 which has not materialised
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
Well luckily your intransigence in the face of Brexit will leave us as world leaders in the fight for a sustainable future. 70 million of us locked in the intractable conundrum of whether to grow swedes or erect our wattle and daub hovels. Which first?
I’m starting to think the leader of Holyrood council has delusions of grandeur... Wind your neck in lady and let the nations leaders sort Brexit out, just you concentrate on school dinners and flu vaccinations...
When are you hitting Scotland ..little bit less gullible than anything you have visited peddling your nonsense
On Brexit Andrea Leadsome, Gove and Boris all side-lined themselves. No one did it to them.
On train home listening to a couple of Remain, City types taking #brexit The conversation is dominated by 2 things: 1. What can May/remainers “get away with” to bring on a 2nd referendum? 2. How can they personally make money out it all? Remain in a nutshell. #StandUp4Brexit
Right in both respects, Lesley.
Donald Trump has suggested Theresa May’s Brexit agreement could threaten a US-UK trade deal. The US president told reporters the withdrawal agreement “sounds like a great deal for...
After brexit, i am worried that when the environmental standards set by the EU are not in place anymore we won't see a push to better our standards and impose stricter regulations and targets. What assurance can you give me that this will prevented if the next government is tory?
Except of course that is completely untrue. Believing the concocted allegations against Wikileaks will undermine your legitimate investigation on Banks and the rest of the Brexit gang.
Of course #Brexit is a shambles. No version of Brexit delivers anything close to what its proponents promised us. Britain's national interests obviously require membership/leadership of the massive, imperfect trading block on our doorstep. #PeoplesVote #commonsense #remain
Go JRM. You're right of course.
'clueless as ever, nothing to do with Brexit, she’s said police should pretty much let scum who’ve robbed, assaulted and worse, escape on mopeds without police being allowed to forcibly stop them. Wonder if she’d think the same if it happened to her?'
New post (With parliament vote in doubt, PM tours UK to drum up support for Brexit deal) has been published on newsofdayonline -
do you by any chance know if article 13 will affect the uk after Brexit or not
Good summary.
What should we call the Theresa May + Jeremy Corbyn Brexit power couple. Seem to be having a proper love-in on TV debates and excluding other parties and viewpoints. Both are closer to each other’s Brexit positions than to Norway+, Remain, or No Deal. JereMay? ThereCorb? MayJay?
No , it's you who's not listening, you're not providing an argument. 'a proper brexit' is just an empty phrase with no meaning unless you can actually counter what is saying and suggest how to overcome these obstacles.
If the Brexit deal is rejected, there is no time for a "new agreement" which would satisfy the Brexiteers. Assuming a "no deal" is not a credible option at this stage - even Brexiteers would oppose to - the only way to go is either (i) EU or (ii) EEA-Norway type model :)
Whatever. Always a reason. That Jesuitical logic never works for me, I’m afraid. They need to STFU about Brexit then. All a game
Would this be a showdown at the No 10 Corral with the Attorney General handing it over rather than be in breach of a responsibility of his office? #LegalAdvice #AttorneyGeneral #No10
No, the claim on the bus was £350m a week extra actually - look up some pictures! But the last budget actually committed £394m a week extra. It IS funded, because that is a requirement of any budget, to get approval from the Office for Budget Responsibility.
Dear BBC News when you interview members of the PUBLIC regarding Brexit can the first question be how did you vote in the referendum, I get a feeling there maybe an anti Brexit slant on your part ! #BBCBias
Potential podcast question: Thinking about what Brexit could do, what effect would reducing foreign players in each of your sports have on the particular sport (T20/PL/TT)?
You'd have thought they'd have given the odious little shite a box to stand on... #dicsiondafydd
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
time to get real.
I don’t believe in Brexit. Stop it now before it’s too late. If we leave it will be on your conscience for the rest of your life.
May has this power thing about secrets that will be her undoing - Blair was similar with his secret dossiers
.too feart to debate, too stupid to understand how she’s making the case for #indyref stronger,
#BBCNews BBC reports a spike in the BBC reports of interception of migrant boats as PM coincidently tours UK to sell brexit deal.
The aim to have a low regulation, highly unequal economy paradoxically APPEALS to many of those it will hurt most.
"This is highly problematic because the deal could put at risk the principle of consent which was at the heart of the Belfast Agreement..." It has been spelled out to you countless times:the Brexit process/vote contravenes the Principle of Consent. Backstop protects status quo.
Will Penrith and the Border be better off after Brexit, under this deal or otherwise?
May looks knackered. Stay in bed and don’t waste your breath on defending the indefensible. #brexit #justleave
Certain Brexit outcomes could hit the property market in 2019, says new analysis Read more: Moss Properties is the only certified Guild agent in Doncaster #TheGuild #property #estateagent #forsale #propertyoftheday #newhomes #lettings #BrandAmbassador
Your employer is currently, on the 10 ‘o’ clock news, demonising, scaremongering on these desperate people. Preying &amp; feeding on the paranoia of the RW, that migrants are trying to get across the Channel in droves. Convenient when #Brexit about to be voted against in two weeks?
Crying laughing at the replies from people who didn't realise this was a joke. Lots of folk trying to argue with a 2 month old baby who *definitely* didn't say this and also *probably* isn't on Twitter.
so Hammond a massive Remoaner &amp; Mark Carney? Remainer Mark Carney who backs Theresa May's plan, appointed by Chief remainer George Osborne, who worked for Remain Backing Goldman Sachs who donated £500,000 to Stronger IN? ... both yet to be right on Brexit? m'kay ...
Will be discussing how to counter the far right’s ‘great Brexit betrayal’ protest; why it’s wrong to think high skill immigration good, low skill bad; and whether we should criminalise the buying of sex. Tune in just after 11pm!
We hear that Corbyn plans to use May's Brexit debate challenge to talk about almost anything but Brexit: seemingly the best we can hope for is that he will argue that his unicorns are better than May's unicorns. It may be that, meeting May on her terms, he'll crash and burn. (C).
The first sentence is good. The rest is pure “There will be a Brexit dividend”
Again and as usual, brilliant ‘Common Sense’ finalise the essential admin, use the army as manpower short term, offer the EU a comprehensive FTA if they reciprocate and if not trade on WTO terms, JOB DONE!
May's Brexit disaster unreported by UK press: Britain BLOCKED from $1.7 Trillion in WTO projects. via
What we seem to be hearing from our PM and those close affiliates that support her Brexit plan, is an institutional truth to bridge the gulf between what they’ve actually agreed and what they’re telling us they’ve agreed. As for US trade, who is telling lies, Trump or May?
Couldn’t agree more. As much as I think #Brexit is a bad idea, I’d rather hear informed people from various industries debate the future instead of listening to the awful politicians we have at the moment! Couldn’t help make it happen?
Anyone who considers a no deal Brexit a serious option shouldn’t be taken seriously. There’s your issue.
We still don’t believe you after 2 years of saying no deal is better than a bad deal you are trying to scare us into a bad deal that you wanted all the time. Democracy is dead
Maybe Hugo Rifkind is correct in that Brexit might be a way to reunify the UK nations - if we opt for a EEA/EFTA style rule-taking but no rule-making arrangment. We’re already used to that in Scotland, like. United in grievance, welcome.
... and the debate will also focus on domestic politics!
One of the most depressing things about work trips to #Europe is how many people think we now hate all foreigners &amp; they’re not welcome in the U.K. 5 countries this month &amp; I’m ASHAMED #Brexit has made so many see us as a bunch of small minded xenophobes.
...just out of shot is a 'Ballocks to Brexit' banner.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Straight out of the BoJo / Farage playbook #brexit
First the Brexiteers lied to us: … Then the Truth came out: … Now those same Brexiteers led by Boris the Brave are like rats leaving the sinking ship they holed below the waterline!
May's deal is Brexit by fatigue. She is hoping people will sign up to it because they are tired of the debate. We should not allow that to happen.
Brexit means brexit. I personally voted purely so Jake Wilkins would have to do a 15 hour day
We should not be afraid of doing the right thing just because a few far-right criminals might become unruly and organise violent protests. Cancel Brexit first, then do whatever is necessary to suppress the yobs. #Newsnight #BBCR4today
I have friends who are becoming French so they can keep their jobs. All because of Brexit. The UK will have a massive brain drain but Brexshitters don’t really care. I’ve still not heard any convincing arguments for this. It’s just economic and political suicide.
As long as the UK remains in a transition period after Brexit, or in a temporary customs union, it will not be able to implement its own free trade deals, cutting or removing tariffs on goods, with the United States or any other third country.
Totally agree! Have we learnt nothing from the appalling Referendum debate? We need a proper open debate based on facts and figures! No please!!
Basically if no Indy2 vote soon, IMHO there will be no chance of one post Brexit, the rUK will never allow it. Angus is right "now is the time" , even though itmay not be the perfect time.
We are very happy Patrick has joined us at the SDP. He is a sensible voice in what can only be described as a sea of political madness right now. A growing, sensible centrist party that supports Brexit / democracy. What is not to like?
This is what xenophobic Brexit has enabled!
Fed with brexit we should now go for no deal as no one can deside
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
No offence Gina. But who are you?
Yep. In stark contrast to the deluded unicorn chasers in the brexit camp over here. That's why we need a #PeoplesVote
No it did offer a full Brexit and to honour the referendum result.
We could put you up to represent hard Brexit, and Tony Blair for Remain. Even after the disgrace of Iraq, he would tear you three to shreds on Brexit.
Your party’s little civil war has divided this country irreparably. Mike Harding's response to Theresa May has gone viral for a reason. via
Markets downbeat after Trump Brexit, China comments
went in. Shannon Sharpe style.
May’s Brexit disaster unreported by UK press: Britain BLOCKED from $1.7 Trillion in WTO projects
Markets downbeat after Trump Brexit, China comments
A load of evil, despicable, illegal scrounging low life. Round them up &amp; chuck back to France from where they came.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
Yes!! Are we on about Brexit failing here? Or Trump being impeached?
Clowns.
Bigger than Brexit.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
You claimed that you *were* actually making a point about climate change being more urgent a problem right now than Brexit. So I think you’re feeling uncomfortable because I didn’t accept your claim this was just “sarcasm”. You go about your evening, too.
Despite Brexit, the Government has covertly signed us up to the EU's defence agenda | BrexitCentral
We're continuing to see what a spineless, slimy, unprincipled guy Gove is. Forget heart felt political ideology when there's a chance of a step up to PM. No wonder Brexit is where it is when MPs on both side of the argument put career ahead of country.
Gove, will be a liability not an asset.
Because the whole point of it is to reverse Brexit! that’s why it’s a ‘Losers Vote’
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
Will with respect you can’t be as sheltered as your replies implies to think that racist attack’s, hate crimes have not been increased by Brexit ?
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
if only sending back Brexit was this easy...........
A Tv debate with May (who voted remain) arguing her Brexit deal against Corbyn (who probably voted leave) arguing for people’s vote/remain would sum up the mess British politics is in currently #Brexit
Mr Corbyn to u buffoon There is nothing vague about what is a democratic policy of not of one man or a faction in the #NastyParty it's 6 tests then a general election hopefully to stop using lot killing &amp; starving people if not that then a #PeoplesVote
EU referendum: Brexit 'would spark year-long recession' - Treasury
Digging beneath the karate kid, I feel my teeth falling out and feel Brexit erupt softly
Penfold won't be heard, he's as credible as he is loyal. May is banking on the wrong people! Well good because they are all tarred with the same lying brush.
#BREXIT #MAGA STYLE #UK NOW !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Brexit means rudder
I really do think you live in a different world, Your deal, Your letter. IMHO your like an ostrich with its head buried in the sand. This Brexit is #BrexitShambles
What did you expect from a crypto-remainer? #UKpoli #HardBrexit #BrexitBetrayal #122Days2Go
Who is supporting the 17.4M who voted out
Bruce Dickinson Explains Why He Voted for Brexit, Ozzy Osbourne Doesn't Understand Move
There we have it folks. #Brexit “Utterly shite”.
The Brexit deal summed up: Nothing is changing as Mays deal is just a 2 year year extension until 2020.
General elections, it is then - at least power comes back to us - we now know who the enemies are as they got unmasked - bring it on - and if Corbyn wins I will be so delighted when he shafts big biz who helped brexit sabotage
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
The Times has got this wrong see QC for the truth of what happened. Fake News thy name is the
Whoever said it would be easy! Brexit was always going to be a calamity, especially after a load of incompatible red lines were thrown into the mix and 2 years were wasted on this nonsense
It was doomed from the start ! How can you have a remainer incharge of Brexit??May's just a puppet for her overlords &amp; corruption is rife !
Brexit: Theresa May denies 'rolling over' on deal
Brexit - UK govt to allow parliament to amend Brexit deal motion H/T
I imagine she'll encounter fewer MPs on a tour than she would if she stayed in Westminster. Which is a shame seeing as they're the people she needs to win over.
No. We have had democratic votes and we decided to leave the EU. The PM has now failed to deliver on Lancaster House and the GE Manifesto. When she fails to get her deal through the HoC, the default is a WTO Brexit. For which we are presumably well prepared!
THIS TREACHEROUS TWO FACED SNAKE HAS ZERO CREDIBILITY WITH BREXITEERS: "Michael Gove Unleashed As May’s ‘Secret Weapon’ In Bid To Sell #Brexit Deal To Tory MPs Environment Secretary key to winning round backbenchers"
I am not prepared to accept this. Stop it. Stop it NOW!
Business for Scotland Why fear will be the deciding factor in the battle between Brexit and independence
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
Boris the Idiot. #Brexit.
A hard Brexit and trading on WTO terms doesn't seem to be a problem to leavers, apart from in this case, where they think it'll be a huge problem.
Then can we have sensible debate on brexit? It's not a deal it's a withdrawal agreement.
Xenophobes dislike foreigners and are insular. Brexit allows us to engage with the world, the exact opposite. Remainers prefer to be rule takers and serfs to the EU protectionist regime. The EU is political and not commercially aware.
Yo, . How do you choose the people for your spin classes in Belfast? #NoBrainerNoBrexit #Brexit
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
Theresa May deceived us into believing she’s spent the last two years negotiating an Agreement. In fact she’s been negotiating a surrender. #Brexit
Not sure how sad it is that you’ve not got it yet the #People now don’t want #Brexit in any form #justjogonboris
'People were sold a lie': Ruthin restless over May's Brexit deal
Punters rate TMay’s chances of getting the Brexit deal agreed by MPs this years at 14% #PeoplesVote #UKEUChallenge #MayMustGo
#brexit The political situation in Ireland is the reason that leaving the EU is a bad idea. EU membership has smoothed amost of the problems on the ground. English MPs hate Ireland and wish they weren’t involved with it at all. It’s a bit late for that attitude now.
With No Agreement on Brexit, Britain Hurtles into the Abyss
Why pay any attention to what Trump said about Brexit &amp; trade deals? He’s only saying stuff that he thinks appeals to the perceived extreme right wing. It’s all his usual BS.
So the #BrexitAgreement is what no-one voted for or wanted but what everyone is being encouraged to accept? #Brexit #BrexitDebate
Seems like a good time to roll this one back out again..... It seems closer to reality then even I considered at the time! #Brexit #BrexitShambles
Believe in Brexit thats the problem with REMOANERS they really don’t!
When tactics don’t pay off and solidarity is hollow...
have Brexit in the back of one's head
Her rap sheet is getting very long and the evidence is mounting up - her trial is going to take ages....
Agree. I don’t want either May’s brexit or Corbyn’s brexit. I want a Peoples’ vote.
I agree with the sentiment of moving on, and I don't think a 2nd Ref would resolve this. But well respected MPs like Michael Fallon think the Brexit deal is 'Doomed' &amp; should be renegotiated: he suggests an extension to A50 &amp; go back to Brussels:
Regardless opinions you may have I personally believe UKIP’s should be apart of this I mean it is free speech to be allowed to debate Am I not wrong?
LOL on News : “And now, Brexit.... yup it’s that time of the day again“
More crime fighting puppies to brighten up your day! #love
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
That statement isn't worth the paper it is written on. #brexit
So who would you choice be? Flouncy David Davis or 5 minutes Raab Hard Brexit?
Yet more reasons to vote down her deal!
Fellaini for Brexit secretary
Every night I watch itv news at 10 Tom Bradby sounds closer and closer to the edge every time he has to talk about Brexit and hard same tbh
HANG THIS TRAITOR BITCH FOR TREASON
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
MPs steady themselves for tomorrow as Project Fear 3 is launched. Where PM, Hammond &amp; probably even Gove (because he doesn’t know what side he’s on) will be pressing to change minds to back her farce. They must #RejectTheDeal and demand that she #BinTheBackstop or the deal sinks.
Shocking #BrexitReality
BBC News - Brexit: Back my deal or risk more division, May to tell MPs
Only took two years, so it should be no problem sorting out all those deals after brexit........
Why does Donald Trump oppose Theresa May's Brexit deal?
Why does Donald Trump oppose Theresa May's Brexit deal?
Theresa May isn't seeking a meeting with Trump at G-20 after he slammed her Brexit deal
And to add some more good news to the mix... this #Brexit Poll is somewhat revealing. #RT
How will a leaver achieve Brexit? By force? Even if you do you will break up the unity of the nation. It is inevitable, Boris because the nation has a divergent p.o.v with no consensus. Where is the unity post-no deal. Prove it that you or the unknown man/woman can deliver this.
1. I have campaigned for Brexit since 1992. 2. I spent a month campaigning for Brexit in Peterborough which (I think) had about highest vote leave % in UK. 3. A little knowledge is a dangerous thing - but at least I know we are ALREADY members of the EEA (which you deny).
giving Status Quo a mention on tonight! A double denim Brexit!
Listened to a hand picked audience
The ‘thank u, next’ music vid is literally the biggest occasion everyone’s waiting on rn. Fuck brexit
His is one of the #Brexit #brownshirts lying like a complete ncut to make money for him and his mates. I wish the ivle old ufcker would shut up Nd give his ring a chance
Absolutely, cohesive, rational, logical, statespersonlike, speech covering all aspects of brexit, unlike so many others, and we then get that pitiful propoganda bullshit presentation at prime time.
If they think that they must be morons. As illegal migrants they'll be treated exactly the same way whether we are in the EU or out.
20 years later these chaps were alleged enemies of the state. Reflect on the xenophobia of Trump &amp; Brexit fascists?
Can we at least have ‘the Mundell’ on it .. just for his patter
Is Vance vying for the dubious noteriety of being the most odious and sickening slimeball on Twitter.
On Brexit: the majority of the people in the UK made a proper decision to be part of Europe with being under Brussels' thumb. Some parts of the UK, like Scotland, want to stay in. But they would destroy the UK. A house divided against itself can't stand.
The prospect of ordinary people being impoverished as a result of brexit elite charlatans.
European judges examine Brexit case
To think I voted for him to lead ? I feel utterly ashamed! lets me down, time and time again... I am truly done with , #sorrynotsorry
Seriously worrying “Disaster Socialists” who believe Brexit will enhance worker’s rights, &amp; not clobber the poorest, frail &amp; elderly. SOCIALISM? My fat arse!
Certain Brexit outcomes could hit the property market in 2019, says new analysis Read more: Moss Properties is the only certified agent #TheGuild #property #estateagent #forsale #propertyoftheday #newhomes #lettings #BrandAmbassador
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
If it’s unilateral that’s not necessarily good news as it allows silly buggers. Plus extension isn’t unilateral so why is revocation? Interesting anyway.
God is not particularly bothered whether we have Brexit or not so long as everybody obeys God and keeps The Ten Commandments.
STOP BREXIT or I will not vote for you.
Don’t want him I want Nigel Farage UKIP are finished now electorally by association with Yaxley-Lennon
Brexit is good for only one group of people, millionaires.
Spirit animal is definitely the ITV News at 10 guy going "Brexit.... Yep, it's that time of day again"
So Theresa May is coming to Scotland to sell her Brexit deal. I think all reasonable people, whatever their views on Brexit or the Union, should celebrate this. We would be rightly outraged if she did not come. 1/17
I do hope you are right. I think has the makings of a good MP, and I would love to vote for her again, but this is the most important issue of my lifetime, and anyone who flunks it doesn’t deserve to be a representative of the people.
Dear , when will stop grandstanding with #Brexit and address the continuing issues in #Govanhill, or should I #AskHumza?
The people voted to be better off, to fund the NHS and instead they got brexit. Stop austerity and remain in the EU and they might just get what they wanted. #StopBrexitSaveBritain
UK’s new Anti-Brexit party
Want a bias free summary of what Brexit means for Trade? Here is it, by 38 Degrees
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
Theresa May's Brexit deal will cost £1,090 for every person in the UK, shock research claims today. • r/worldnews
If like me you think this country is on the fast track down the toilet with this government’s current Brexit plans, take a few minutes to read and share.
Theresa May could suffer a 200-vote defeat when the Commons decides on her Brexit deal — dealing a fatal blow to her Premiership
U.S. near aviation agreement with post-Brexit UK: sources -
It would be more meaningful to have the debate with the anti-brexit parties, and simply jettison the arrogant
Yup, it is about Corbyn yet again don't want him in power so must stick with the failed peoples vote. I suggest they give up if they are sticking to this it is dead Labour is there only chance, they clearly don't want remain with Corbyn in charge, therefore, they choose brexit!
I personally think it’s great the far right have hijacked this protest. Let’s see who’s happy to line up behind them.
Good. Say no to a bad deal, to no deal and yes to a chance to exit brexit.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
That is the deal for the brexit.? UK Bought by the UN!
Three quarters of UK carmakers fear no-deal Brexit: SMMT Three quarters of businesses in Britain's automotive sector think leaving the European Union next year without a transition deal would hurt them, an industry surv... via #Reuters #Business
Brexit is ready to leave when u ready ! Wonder how Many mps have money in the Europe! Wonder why they don’t want us to leave ! JUST LEAVE AND SUPPORT GREAT BRITAIN!
whatever May's person view on Brexit she leads a very Leave party whilst whatever 's personal view is he leads a very Remain party. No leader can surely afford to be utterly blind to their 'base'?
Brexit has unleashed this. This is on you and your kind, and with your weasel words, untruths and courting of thugs who previously kept it to themselves. Sleep well if you can
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
This started before the Brexit vote.
I am sure it’s just coincidence but just as the PM is trying to seek #Brexit deal by emphasising closed borders is headlining story on illegal immigration!!!
Make sure you sign and share this new petition to force parliament to give Britain a public vote on options if MPs don’t vote through Theresa May’s #brexit deal
My political predictions are way off 99% of the time but I think parliament is going to vote against the Brexit deal
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
U.S. near aviation agreement with post-Brexit UK: sources
was the reporter doing a piece on the effects of Brexit on fishing with a fisherman &amp; his boat and they just happened to come across this dingy? So lucky a reporter was there
Some of goes to pay your mate pension from the Southern English Nationalist Fruitcake Party
Fcuk me if you have to rely on that back stabbing runt your bloody desperate and in deep shit
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
More bullshit across the airwaves folks.
It is - get behind Labours policy and bring down the Tories and sort out the brexit problem.
'People were sold a lie': Ruthin restless over May's #Brexit deal - The Guardian
'People were sold a lie': Ruthin restless over May's #Brexit deal - The Guardian
But that's not stopping Brexit. Also, I presume you're aware that 5 million people were denied a vote, then betrayed, &amp; have had no say in this or in their own futures? That's why we need a People's Vote with a #FinalSayForAll. #The5Million
Not a great photo of me but here I am with after his fantastic talk on not only why we must but how we can stop #brexit #PeoplesVote
The language don’t matter though. So it’s not brexit call it Eexit lol
This post-Brexit UK/US trade deal deeply problematic?! (from a 'democratic' point of view). Just prior to 2016 EU Ref'dum the Brits were (explicitly) told (by the Americans) that in the event of a Leave vote you will put distance between the UK and US?!!!
Gove is giving weasels a bad name.
pushing the bs of illegal immigrants trying to get into Britain and USA sorry there's a process most people are supposed to go through. Also may talking shit while remaining audience and business people instead of talking to real brexit voters.
I’d bet my entire bank balance on that thug coming from a family that voted for Brexit. What has Britain become?
#TheresaMay could suffer a 200-vote defeat when the Commons decides on her #Brexit deal — dealing a fatal blow to her Premiership
Ooh, a “proper Brexit” this time. I can hardly contain my excitement.
#TheresaMay could suffer a 200-vote defeat when the Commons decides on her #Brexit deal — dealing a fatal blow to her Premiership
A conspiracy theory, too far.
Since when has May been concerned by truth, honesty and accuracy? #PeoplesVote
Brexit this Brexit that fuckoff for priminister
But still, there is a van driver who does a lot of driving jobs in the EU who's business activities would be curtailed post Brexit if he didn't have Irish ancestry to take advantage of
A strange way for a government in need of friends to behave. The full legal advice is what parliament voted for - indeed the government did not object when the vote was called. If we can’t trust them on this then how on earth can we trust them on the withdrawal agreement?
Theresa May.. lock up your bunnies. #satire #toriesmustgo #policecuts #toriesout #Brexit #Brexitcast #BrexitReady #brexitmeansbrexit 20
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
Resign, then her successor must call a general election.
Wednesday’s Daily TELEGRAPH: “The Brexit backpedalling begins” #bbcpapers #tomorrowspaperstoday
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
Gove is a clown a wolfe in sheeps clothing - he never was 100% behind brexit maybe at first before the ilegaly funderd peoples march in london to stop brexit he was
I've already written to my MP on the Brexit deal and told him to reject it #StopBrexitNow
Now good old lying Tories renege tonight on releasing full treasury report on May Brexit forecast despite parliament ordering to do so. Like fishing and Ireland never trust a Tory.
Heartbreaking. We’ve allowed ourselves to waste time and money on brexit whilst this is happening in our schools #school
No, sadly we are not, we only wish we could, but this quite simply is not Brexit as we wanted. I'm afraid to say, your application on this occasion has been unsuccessful, but we wish you well on the back benches or in your retirement.
You should be urging the Prime Minister to "bin brexit", which is what the majority now want. #PeoplesVote is the way forward.
It appears she has crossed the line where no-one believes a word she says. #EU #brexit
Such charisma
Brexit Britain will not resemble what we have currently- ending of free movement,, stripping away of workers rights, low growth. Change is inevitable hence why the status quo doesn't exist.
First sign of a jot or tittle needing checked and Arlene would run a mile from finding a deal.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
BBC News - Reality Check: Is Trump right about the Brexit deal?
Thank you very much - we desperately need realism here...
Hope these pathetic scum are named and shamed. That refugee has endured more hardship than they will ever probably have to. This is a sad indictment of Brexit Britain.
Theresa May to exempt her own husband from Brexit. via
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
10 YEARS OF MAJORITY IN VOTING SYSTEM DESIGNED NOT TO HAVE A MAJORITY, A UNIFIED PARTY, FISCALLY PRUDENT, AND SOCIALLY RESPONSIBLE POLICIES. MAY = 2 YEARS OF RESIGNATIONS, IN FIGHTING , POLITICAL, ECONOMIC INSTABILITY, CHAOS, BREXIT &amp; UNPOPULAR ELECTION.
Then, following a powerful introduction from , Prime Minister straight from a two-hour stint at the despatch box, delivered an outstanding speech railing against antisemitism and sexism
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
There was some excellent coverage of #saraconf18 it was one of the three top hashtags tweeted about by MPs on the day, the other two being in relation to Brexit. There were some important articles eg from and...
So true #brexit
How would we begin trading with the USA and others on Day 1 when the head of the WTO says that would be "extremely unlikely"?
Get on with it? No, May’s #Brexit plan was a disaster from day one | Polly Toynbee
More fake news from mainstream journalists trying to influence Brexit via
Bullying and racism is as old as the hills, but I can’t help feeling that Brexit has a lot to do with the latest wave. You are right, it has given the most stupid in society a sense of justification. I really hope this idiot rues the day.
The seismic shock of Brexit will change the UK’s politics for ever
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
“Every credible economist says Brexit will impact our economy, but I don’t believe in experts so I’m just going to go with my own ill-informed gut feel” Arrogant little sh*t
Remember Mike Harding (yes, that Mike Harding)? He says it all with wonderfully blunt eloquence. A sailor’s salute to Theresa May’s ridiculous and shabby letter.
That still rankles with me. And no one ever sees it in the same light I witnessed it. Nick Clegg won that election. The system fucked him. Furthermore it’s probably his finger which was closest on the pulse regards to brexit.
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
The most brexit manager going
I was at junior school when we went metric. The teacher thought it wouldn't catch on so continued to teach imperial. TBH, the only thing that's keeping me going in the face of impending Brexit is the possibility we'll go full on radge and reintroduce old money/weights/measures
May's #Brexit 'deal' seems to have discarded everything #remainers liked about being in the #EU without freeing us from the things #leavers hated about being in the EU. The worst of all worlds as far as I can tell.
We have non elected Lords with more say over Brexit than our First Minister. Now the press aren’t even allowed to scrutinise the process.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
It's OK Jon, she and the rest of the rich Brexit pushers won't need to pay...or were you referring to common sub-£50k queue-jumping rabble? AKA "the people" I'd not worry, Theresa May says she speaks for the people. She said they want this and so it must be true.
Nothing says f@#k you and your globalism EU Nazis than throwing yellow roses at the police..........most French thing I've seen lol #FranceProtest #France #protesters #French #Brexit #Europe #EU
Radicalised by #Brexit #UKIP #YaxlyeyLennon #Trump and the likes
In Dubai with my 9 friends for The Number 1 trade show for the Construction Industry in the Middle East with visitors from the world. Where is &amp; the support for British Industry? Answer = Nowhere to be seen!
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
The Very Hungry Caterpillar Foodbank Charlotte's Web GDPR Compliance The RMT Children Watergate Down Little Lord Fauntleroy's Hard Brexit Bi-Curious George
And my 20-month-old granddaughter, who has an equally useless Masters degree (in politics), asked her mummy if #Brexit would mean no more fish-fingers.
Absolutely nothing to do with brexit you prize plum! The cowardly shit found himself an easy target.
Couldn’t have put it better myself
Brexit: Theresa May denies 'rolling over' on deal didn't Realise the last Tory Women PM Thatcher was Xenophobic like May
Michelle every day were learning on here lol its getting a bit of a obsession lol I'm addicted to the news all news. Since first indyref until trumps campaign then brexit now indyref2 a wish it would just stop. We could have Been sitting independent lol our arses of at eng mess
Surely it's just part of the brexit argument - black is white, etc.
might like to reflect on the possibility that abolishing free movement wont deliver more jobs for her constituents. That EU workers don’t “destroy conditions” for British workers. When the Brexit fantasy falls apart it is your constituents who will bear the brunt
Who really gives a toss what "the car industry" thinks re #Brexit and May's deal? (see ) It's always been about sovereignty, not about the transient ups and downs of business. The public get that, pols pretend otherwise
Some foreign Brexit humour ...
Fed up with these pundits or hosts begging for attention with these daft comments. Then again Gary is a snowflake now, so probably would be upset by Jose’s reaction. Surprised he didn’t class it as a far-right reaction caused by Brexit.
Fuck off Ffrodo
The EP has no power. The #eu isn't democratic. How does unelected bureaucrats electing themselves increase democracy? #brexit
How on earth she is "still" in office, it's beggars belief.
The government and Brexit
wow, are we finally saying Stop! We have decide but the jig is up and we really need to be a grown up now and be realistic ?!
Michel Barnier has been consistent, hard working and absolutely clear throughout the whole process. Brexit is making so many in the UK lose their sense of fair play so I am absolutely delighted that his work has recognised and he has received this award :) well deserved.
What if the only way they can think of to 'save', say, NHS England, from the effects of crisis budget cuts and loss of staff thru Brexit, is to wholesale privatise it? What if everything is such a bin fire that people actually start to believe such shock therapy is needed? 2/2
Brexit will kill your industry off. Tell Greg.,
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
Link opens webpage that autoredirects to spam adverts for amazon, nowt to do with Brexit that!
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
do always agree with patrick steward on political views such as brexit . But on this i do support him 100%
Interesting to see East of England MEP Patrick O'Flynn had left UKIP to join . Spirit of David Owen being revived in UK centre left politics? #brexit
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
No Brexit: Trump will not complete his first term in office = you lose the bet = you get your British ass back to Blighty and be my Butler for a week
Whatever. If you don’t stop Brexit I will never vote for you ever again.
"Boris Johnson Demands The Brexit TV Debate Includes Someone Who 'Believes In It'" If we're not having another referendum, why do we need a TV debate. Completely pointless.
Welcome to the land of the English and Welsh “little Hitler” syndrome the #Brownshirts have it in the #Brexit debate
Sadly, he's not.
Theresa May accused of 'dangerous' Brexit cover-up as she blocks full publication of legal advice on her deal
4/ on why bilateral agreements just aren't even a starter for the UK with individual EU countries after Brexit.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
It's plainly more embarrassing than the cost of non-disclosure. // Theresa May accused of 'dangerous' Brexit cover-up as she blocks full publication of legal advice on her deal -
More fake news from mainstream journalists trying to influence Brexit
What the hell would the point of a tv debate on Brexit be if we don’t have a vote on it afterwards?
This petition will be debated if we can get it to 100k in a few days. It's up to 13.7k in around 1 day. Let's try to make it move even faster :) #PeoplesVote #Brexit #StopBrexit #FBPE
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
In addition a no-deal #Brexit will: - reduce greenhouse gas emissions, reduce the risk of cancer and heart disease by effecting meat farming. Climate and health benefits! #climatechange #NoDealBrexit #Leave
Ah so is touring UK "seeing business leaders to make them accept her plan, then hope they will lobby their MPs" oh, more bribery and corruption eh? #brexit #BrexitDeal
Because she wasn't about democracy - she thought she would stop Brexit.
Teesside, voted 63% Leave, led by a hard right Brexit mayor and a hard right Brexit MP, is demanding full Freeport status to alleviate the impact of .......Brexit. You really couldn't make it up.
WHO ARE THESE TREACHEROUS POLITICIANS THAT GO AGAINST THE 17.4 MILLION BREXITEERS ? A...
Yes, but that doesn’t alter the fact that any harmful effects as a result of any form of Brexit are most likely to be felt the most by those with the least.
wait .... so brexit doesn’t mean that we are leaving europe ?
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
If your again &amp; her &amp; want as PM then make sure your following ! #SocialistSunday #Socialist #JC4PM #GTTO #ToriesOut #GetTheToriesOut #ToriesAreToast #Brexit #Brexitchaos #Brexitdeal #ToriesOutNow #GetthetoriesoutNow
Obviously climate change is an extinction level event, potentially. Which is precisely why we must cancel Brexit is we have the resources to fight it. Anyone should by now realise that Brexit is toxic and wasting all our time and resources which should be used for better things.
Theresa May Not Seeking Trump G-20 Meeting After He Slammed Brexit Deal INVESTINGcom
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
In politics we over complicate what may or may not happen, Brexit or NO Brexit, WM austerity (poverty), unionist parties obsessions with some fictional glorious union, Keep It Simple Stupid (KISS) Independence is the solution pure and simple
I said this yesterday
Brexit’s Plan B Has a Fatal Flaw
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
Laporte??? More like daporte France out of BREXIT haha I've no idea if that made sense.
Why don't you rail against the left-wing Ritula Shah on and her leftist guests that she brings on BBCR4 to promote her anti-Brexit views?
(b) that membership of the EU was a wholly inappropriate topic for a referendum (c) that the Brexit question was vague (d) that while "Remain" was a well-defined option, "Leave" was extremely ambiguous 10/17
When you consider the main Brexit issue was immigration &amp; basically racist, why are we surprised that people crossing the channel is increasing? One assumes our former European partners will gently usher them to the UK &amp; turn a blind eye to dinghys etc. Ironic really and sad
Persuasive arguments so much clearer, two years later, now that it's clear we have a very weak negotiating position with a market 5x our size. Support our local businesses and give us a #PeoplesVote #finalsay
Great job, Sir Tony! Always an immense pleasure to watch you in your archaeology endeavours. Also, honoured to share your views on attempting to take the eggs out of the baked cake with Brexit!
You had yer chance and you blew it.
Project Fear by and . Remainers from the very start &amp; still so. Never attempted to understood the reasons why people voted to leave the EU &amp; instead through the kitchen sink at them. Their previous forecasts were a complete failure. #Brexit
Christ - I seen this and thought it was Mr Abie that was now negotiating Brexit....and Andy Cameron giving him a helping hand.
You voted remain you wankpuffin.
Don't always agree with patrick steward on political views such as brexit . But on this charity i do support him 100%
Lost in translation and Brandon and May done exactly the opposite and think that is brexit - retarded - hope Brandon has mouth freshener kissing backsides might leave bad aftertaste
Her biggest one... 1/2
No other country in the EFTA has a customs union. The only reason I can make out for wanting one would be to dilute Brexit so much it would be pointless.
This is a fucking disgrace so hope that boy gets stopped
hope you are going to do the right thing in your key Brexit votes. Amendment to stop no deal, reject the nonsense deal agreed by Theresa May and back a #PeoplesVote
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
When you have to deploy Michael Gove as your secret weapon surely you must begin to think things are going a bit wrong.....? #reallyreallyreallywrong
'Planned from the start!' Caller warns Farage of his BIG CONCERN with May's Brexit deal -
He isn’t better than this, it’s par for the course for him.
We're not going to be a tech hub by running around chasing mythical overseas investment (which has gone off a cliff since brexit btw) that never materialises. Why aren't we putting this resource into the existing local digi/creative ecosystem?! Baffles me.
I just demanded that the broadcasters promise fair representation in the TV Brexit debates. I think the public should hear from anti-Brexit voices as well as Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn. Add your name to 's petition:
Forget May v Corbyn, This Is The Brexit TV Debate We SHOULD See - LBC
Brexit can be stopped. Good news for Cornwall?
Can't wait to see Bill Maher explain how SpongeBob is actually the reason behind Brexit!
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
Brexit is going to be OK because er *checks notes* the 17th century *checks notes again* eventually sorted itself out
'100 times since brexit' You're basing that on what evidence exactly?
Every atom of this fucking deal smells of a stitch up
It’s worth noting that the claim we send £350M each week was a lie too. A case for criminal proceedings against Boris Johnson is being put together. Also that the govt’s own Brexit impact assessments have us poorer in every scenario. So no: There is no dividend for the NHS.
I know it's bored with, but I was playing on the whole BOB, bored of brexit haha. But glad you agree.
Ha, you missed it. He was Brexit Secretary on Sunday, 2 - 4pm.
(f) that the many statements from (e.g.) Hannan/Farage/BoJo to the effect that membership of EEA/EFTA would be consistent with Brexit might undermine the PM's claim that the British People™ voted to leave the Customs Union and Single Market 12/17
It has struck me for sometime now that one of the key players in how brexit plays out will be one Lord Burnett, Lord Chief Chancellor. The most important thing to politicians is not how they're judged by the people but how they will be judged by the future. #FBPE #peoplesvote
This is such an important issue, especially for younger generations and one that shouldn't be exclusively debated by May &amp; Corbyn, two of the dullest politicians in Parliament #ARealDebate
Why does keep saying she is thinking of public interests with this deal. Pity she didn't apply that approach at the last election when she just cared about saving her skin by bringing on board the DUP. Same DUP who are deserting her now #Brexit
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
If a general election is not possible all options are on the table including a people’s vote. I’m hosting two open meetings this weekend on Brexit. If you’re free come along. Details out tomorrow
For Brexit probably, same difference.
One might almost say politics as usual. Whatever happened to - man of principle. His #Brexit policy is political opportunism at it’s most naked -maybe he is reminiscing about a Cotswolds field. Citizen Jez no more! -this insurgent has gone native #BrexitDeal #Brexit
Everyone piling in on that little prick in the video tonight. And rightly so. But behind every little prick, there's a much older, bigger prick. Who probably voted UKIP, is staunchly backing Brexit to keep "immigrant benefit scrounging scum out" and RTs Tommy Robinson.
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
Heaven forfend that children learn a word that had been in use since the 13th century, appears in at least one translation of the Bible and means variously rubbish, a priest and testicles. I would be more concerned about kids asking what Brexit means and then hating us forever.
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
So you’re in favour of a ‘no deal’ Brexit?
Michael Gove Unleashed As May’s ‘Secret Weapon’ In Bid To Sell Brexit Deal To Tory MPs - HuffPost UK
Little could be worse in terms of rule-taking than the position during the transition. See e.g. Articles 128 and 129 of the WA. This illustrates the extent of self-imposed humiliation resulting from Brexit.
Brexit,,, a nightmare since the British were stupid to vote out! Now assume and stand behind May!
#Brexit is heading straight towards the cliff edge, with potentially devastating consequences for both Britain &amp; the EU, and everyone is talking about a useless TV Programme #BrexitDebate
I know i shouldn’t be..but i’m BOB...Bored of Brexit...
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
May's attempt at a one party state. #MayMustGo
Full dictatorship. If Britain allows this then it deserves all that's coming.
Actually Tom, I don't want any of it, and had I won the election last year I would have voted against Brexit in Parliament at every opportunity. I see no reason why we have to submit to the result of a referendum won off the back of electoral fraud.
The bully in the blue jumper is a low life and likely a coward. I urge anyone who knows this scum bag to pass this video along with his name to the police.
Brexit Betrayal:
(g) that the narrowness of the vote would have made a wise Prime Minister pursue the softest possible Brexit to heal/unite the country, instead of instantly defining "red lines" that were anathama to almost half the country 13/17
Yes. For expert legal advice see and and #Brexit
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
Is this article on 10/11/18 the type of BS you refer to Giles? But this is EU and Remainer BS not #Brexit.
2014-2015 - UKIP primary purpose = to take the UK out of the EU 2018- UKIP primary purpose = to damage the Brexit cause with anti-Muslim/anti-Islam dogma.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
Shameful that Sturgeon and NI &amp; Wales leaders excluded. #finalsay
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
(h) that a plurality of the people having voted very narrowly for an ill-defined Brexit, the whole people might reasonably be given the chance to vote on the concrete Brexit she has actually negotiated once that is known. 14/17
Don’t succumb to the bored of Brexit tag. That’s what they want. Capitulation via acquiescence. Never stop, never relent. We will endure.
Please no. At this rate I am going to have to go back to radio 2. So pissed off with Brexit wish it was all over.
it worries me that some brexiteers say remainers are "enemies of the nation" - this tweet is trying to paint brexiters as the oppressed &amp; voiceless, that their brexit fantasy has been consumed by remainers ... and that violence against "enemies" is acceptable, or even demanded
Jesus voted leave? Watch a VICAR on Newsnight put her faith in Tory Brexit and ending EU immigration.
But he did ring
2 - have been saying all day 'they're trying it now because after Brexit it will be harder for people to get into the UK'. Subtle promotion of the same xenophonbic, toxic Brexit agenda they now own without shame
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
The left hand and the right hand discuss which foot they're going to shoot.
Any chance he would take us on? Make a change to have a politician with some balls. Tony Abbott: How to save Brexit | The Spectator
The #DUP are coming to our rescue again! #Brexit #remoaners #moggmentum #BrexitBetrayal #nodealbrexit #wtobrexit
I thought we were getting somewhere until 2016... Since then, the racism has crawled back out and bathed its violence in light of Brexit, and been nurtured by the unleashed hate. I don't feel proud at all, just sick and sad.
Oh, somebody pull the plug on him, for christ's sake.
Sorry. The deal on the table isn't acceptable. It's better than 'No deal', that's the only lever you have. Now we know what BREXIT entails, after the lies and deceit of the campaign, we need a second referendum.. or withdrawal of Article 50.
Theresa May turns up in Chatham to sell her #Brexit deal to the locals
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
Three quarters of UK carmakers fear no-deal Brexit – SMMT #UK #UKBiz #England #Britain #UnitedKingdom
Shocking lack of transparency from start to finish #endthemayhem #StopBrexitNow
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
This is media censorship. #Britishvalues #DissolveTheUnion #Brexit #indyref2
Just in case you think I might have been persuaded by #TheresaMay begging, I haven’t! please make sure you vote against her deal #brexit
is apparently voting for the govt deal but is part of the #ERG. Does that mean is losing his grip on the kamikaze Brexiteers? #Brexit #BrexitShambles #PeoplesVoteNow
Leadership
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
Tell me it is not fake news please
Can someone explain to me why we’re having a brexit deal tour around the country when the people have absolutely no say on said deal?
Please read! This sets out the true horrors Mrs May is attempting to bulldoze through! Just WHOSE SIDE is she on??????
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Not enough not to vote for they must vote against.
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
Can someone please wake me up when this never ending train wreck finally gets done
May and Corbyn will just argue about whose is the better Brexit. Useless!!!
Brexit could hit British-based F1 teams and European races, say McLaren
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
Well. No. Because the numbers are so much higher. Until #Brexit has been completed that is.
so the PM is travelling round the uk, trying to get support for her Brexit deal. When &amp; where will we see her in Walsall?
Imagine if you had that opinion 3 years ago when you and the rest of the Brexitiers buggered off after the results came in. Pipe down and just cast your vote.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
May to defy Parliament and refuse to publish #Brexit legal advice, fuelling suspicion of a cover-up
“Look, it may be a pile of poo, but everyone’s bored with Brexit so the sooner we can get it done, the less time people have to notice I’ve handed over 39 billion quid to Barnier for nothing…” #StandUp4Brexit #DitchTheDeal
Hang on lads. The Russians bought and paid for a no deal Brexit
Carole #Cadwalladr wins Foreign Press award for #Trump and #Brexit work
I'm with you on Fracking, but Brexit can be stopped if enough will is shown. Whether we leave or remain, of course we must stop fracking, but the consequences of leaving are dire and nothing matters more in the next few months.
There is no doubt in my mind that if there is any kind of Brexit, Scotland will vote to leave the union. Assuming of course that the UK govt allows it to vote, and I don't think that's a safe assumption at all post Brexit.
Why on Earth would Brexit have any effect "on Life Expectancy &amp; Healthy Life Expectancy"? Perhaps there should be an assessment on the effects of a Labour government on such aspects of life quality.
I do think that should halt any “brexit tour” &amp; get on with getting another BREXIT deal. #brexitbetrayal
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
Never mind all that, (a) Brexit is bad for the country (by your own party’s analysis) and (b) most of us now want an informed people’s’ vote and most of us would now rather remain in the EU. What part do you not understand? Or are you one of the democracy-ended-in-2016 brigade?
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
When you are so short on money you can’t even crop the recorder from saying “go” at the start of the video
I just demanded that the broadcasters promise fair representation in the TV Brexit debates. I think the public should hear from anti-Brexit voices as well as Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn. Add your name to 's petition:
As if the PM needed another showdown.....
Teresa May’s Brexit Deal
DeadWomanWalking heads to Scotland as Brexit deal founders in Westminster Is she expecting some sort of welcome in the hills?
The only question now is how badly Theresa May’s Brexit deal will be defeated
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
BREXIT: Can the UK parliament block a no-deal Brexit? /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Unless this Brexit “deal” is voted down and a subsequent GE is called for and Labour is elected .....we’re all doomed !
i would take a no deal #Brexit over taking Mrs May's deal. She's sold the country down the river. Now is the time for &amp; other parties to show their worth as politicians... your voters won't forgive you taking us into a bad deal. #BrexitAgreement
Senior UK academics call for people’s vote to save universities
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
We the public want a public vote with the option to have no brexit
With parliament vote in doubt, May tours UK to drum up support for Brexit deal #usedcar #japan
Jeremy Corbyn is stopping #peoplesvote from joining the TV debate. Please sign the petition and retweet.
My letter to Jeremy Corbyn: your nation is threatened – back a people’s vote | Gina Miller
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
Britons Holding Off on Making Real Estate Moves Pre-Brexit - Mansion Global
A member of the ruling elite,YUK.....
Give it a bloody rest! You wouldn't recognise the truth. #Brexit
No longer do I trust you Theresa May or believe anything you now say. You deceitfully indulge in economy of information, and word play, glossing over the implications contained within the Draft WA. It is not Brexit but instead is designed to cripple and disempower the UK.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
To unite UK May has to offer public 3 way vote. May deal, No deal or Stay in EU. Public started Brexit so they have to vote on the final deal. Public will then take responsibility for the result. If leavers or remainers are confident in their argument a deal vote isn’t an issue.
My dad just cheered me up by saying #brexit is like watching an episode of Neighbours. Then this game began #brexitneighbours
New Evidence Emerges of Steve Bannon and Cambridge Analytica’s Role in Plotting Brexit #stopbrexit #notthepeoplesvote #advisaryreferendum #liestogetvotes #billionaireilluminati
All the comments about net contributors/receivers. Well do to brexit Poland is now a net receiver of UK jobs as international companies move away from the doomed UK.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
This is quite something. The UK's professional association of political scientist just gave it's "International Recognition Award" to Michel Barnier, the EU's chief Brexit negotiator...
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
He was wrong on Iraq. But he's right on Brexit. Just because you're wrong on one thing doesn't mean you can't be right on something else.
Listening? Hardly. TM only listens to herself. Traipsing around the country seeking support is merely superficial dramatic politicking in order to hang on to her job.
Woman vox pop in Luxembourg on says she would rather stick a golf ball in her eye than hear about Brexit
"Yet again, the metaphor arrives as part of Brexit’s self-satirising service. No need for fiddly Allen keys" - yet again, proves he is the finest living essayist in the English language.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
He has signposted me back home to the Greens
ems tamara and jord are all fighting me saying that brexit means we are leaving europe ... pls i’m losing brain cells
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
Traitor. I'm a Tory member and your lack of support to #Brexit will not go without removing you from Gov. Time for General Election. If you intend to remain in EU. My voted goes to UKIP. The card gets it
The far right is marching for Brexit. Will the left stand against it? | Michael Chessum
No, trust me, Brexit is good for almost no one.
I’d bet #Brexit doesn’t happen if not elected.
“Trump says Farage thinks” May's Brexit deal sounds like a 'great deal for the EU', | US news | The Guardian
Why? heads to Scotland as Brexit deal founders in Westminster
The latest The #StopBrexit Daily! Thanks to #brexit #peoplesvote
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
Well next election you can have him stand in your constituency then! Because he is #MP in mine in #Penrith &amp; The Border up here in #Cumbria and on #Brexit and everything else he does not speak for me. And very rarely speaks for intrests of the constituency over the party view!
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
No one respects kniving, back-stabbing and if he’s secret weapon, then it’s safe to say, WA is truly dead &amp; buried. #RIP #StandUp4Brexit
Little #Brownshirt #Brexit England. So very very sad
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
My dog is an Irish Terrier, he has a Danish born mother and German born father, lives in Denmark and understands both English and Danish. He cocks his leg on BrexIt.
And why wouldn't she?Come on the woman has serious mental health issues and we are letting her suffer. It's cruel.
Facebook’s Zuckerberg fails to attend Commons fake news hearing via Sad, but not surprising. His meeting with the EU's privacy supremo, Margaret Vestager, is overdue. Or does he think Brexit will save him? #stopzuckerberg #supportgdpr
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
That sounds encouraging, but still just words and theatre I think. EEA people tend to get ignored in most of the Brexit talks (and EU in general).
Yes, Donald Trump is talking perfect sense on May’s Brexit deal
No deal #Brexit . Planes wont fly, no clean water, no mars bars, no medicines, cost of cheese going up. I think the only people alive on March 30th, will be Theresa May, Corbyn, Abbott, Starmer.. perhaps death don't look so bad after all.
Anyone who thinks Brexit will lead to panic buying has clearly never tasted delicious Squirrel Meat™.
Mrs May, you had your chance over the last two years to make this #brexit deal, but you have failed. You standing are standing in the way of right people to fix the mess you have created. Please stop squatting in No. 10 and do the right thing. #MayMustGo
Brexit is like burning down the house to get rid of woodworm. #pointless
I'm not going to enter into an SME debate as you know far more than me in that regard. Genuine question though - aren't SME's already up shit creek without a paddle given the prospect of Brexit?
This woman has been seen cold calling up and down the country. The product she is selling is extremely toxic, it may cause nausea, shortness of breath and she shouldn’t be trusted. #brexit #WithdrawalAgreement
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
Sadiq Khan vows to make staying in EU Labour policy to 'trump' Brexit via Khan really is a twat. Typical of a liberal establishment who professes to represent the many but actually couldnt give a toss.
WTO......the only way to go.
This headline is a bare-faced lie about #Brexit. ==&gt; Britain 'faces EU customs union forever if Theresa May's deal is rejected’, MPs warn.
Corbyn is not for life. An unequal one sided international treaty is.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
very suprised to hear folk from Ballymena livestock market wanting deal also. a unionist heart land!! #brexit #belfast
busy tonight on twitter, tweeting slaying the #EU I wish he was dealing with our #Brexit now that's a real leader.
Did you really expect them to expose their own lies. Democracy and accountability is in its death throws. We must act now and junking brexit is a solid start.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
Nearly up to 14,000 already. Why not sign up? #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote #FBPE #BrexitShambles
u ever think about brexit n just despair
all these complaining about brexit and criticising the deal why don't you get off your butts if your not happy we can all criticise
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
Can I ask, can she not be made to show these docs?
So much for Geoffrey Cox telling MP's &amp; cabinet he will hold May's feet to the fire on the legality of her actions... What hope has the UK got when it's govt's own solicitor general appears to be helping the PM play the biggest con trick in history.
Pleased to see our VC at joining other academics calling for a #PeoplesVote on Brexit.
Be there......support Brexit!
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
Watch the video, they abstained once when it wasn't possible (257 vs 314) to win. If we could count on the Lib-Dems and everyone else to pull together we would have beaten them in July, but Lib-Dems didn't even bother turning up
(Is this real ?)!
“They have always had difficulty explaining how trade with our closest geographic neighbours can be easily replaced by trade with countries thousands of miles away.”
Matt Hancock telling us that he believes in the fairies!
Tell you what - they're absolutely GUARANTEED to lose their jobs if they DO back it
Because Nicola would run circles round them both
Christ their social media is cringe
They lost the cigar packet on which the Brexit legal advice was written, more than likely.
No, a NO DEAL BREXIT is better than abysmal deal. But keep tweeting and ignoring the people at your peril.
They're not contrarians, the default position after the referendum was to leave, no mention of only if we have a deal! It was up to EU if they wanted to persuade us to make a deal, not for us to beg.
Yup it's true immunity from taxation and prosecution for crimes. It's good to work for the EU.
But May says we will Brexit next March. And we can’t opt out unilaterally.
More #FakeNews from the #FailyDaily... time had a word with #DavidChurchill
Brexit deal ‘will cost UK £100 billion per year’ by 2030, study suggests - Haines Watts
This terrible Brexit deal brings neither certainty nor stability for anyone. Obviously you weren't listening. You are yet to answer whether the proposed deal is better than the one we currently have with the EU. Why is that? #NotBuyingIt and #PeoplesVote now.
Maybe it was this mention by the BBC Brexit expert about bringing Mr Blobby back?
I understand you want to be seen to oppose something (given your party’s DIRE response to Brexit) but let me let you into a little secret: lots of people want these mugging bastards to be caught and if knocking them over does that (and frightens them) then great!
She was an embarrassment long ago. She is now making me cringe with embarrassment. I believe she's not well.
When will the politicians realise the only way to fix this #Brexit mess is to go and watch Christmas show on 16th December at pls rt
he's deluded
Can someone please explain to me the point of a TV debate regarding the Brexit Deal when the govt has already made it very clear that as an individual citizen I have absolutely no further say on the matter beyond the box I ticked in 2016?
She can't because it will expose the sham her so called deal is. A trap!!
How much is May's Brexit tour costing the tax payers? And what is the point? It's MP's she needs to convince, not the public. Just bizarre.
most brexit collab oot
Brian Monteith: Spain has taught UK lesson over Gibraltar Brexit panic
Brexit means getting back the uk
For those who believe the #Quitling #unicorn is real, read this. There is no #Brexit dividend, &amp; we won't be spending £394m extra until mid 2020's &amp; by then it won't be that much in today's money! #Maybot's slight of hand! #PeoplesVote to #StopBrexitSaveBritain &amp; #Remain #FBPE
What would happen is that patriotic British people would enter parliament, deliver Brexit, and implement the sensible, fair and practical policies that you will find in the UKIP manifesto. One law for all, not special laws for EU officials and sharia. Do it. #joinUKIP.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
Finally, in the highly unlikely event a GE did happen, and if god forgive us Jeremy Corbyn did win, Brexit would still happen, because he supports Brexit doesn't he?
Would you buy a car from this man? Brexiteer Tories get slimier by the day. #FighterAgainstBrexit #peoplesvote
Remember May appointed him. Not because he would be a good FS - she knew like the rest of us how dangerous he would be to the national interest. She appointed him as part of the Tory political game over Brexit and power. #GetTheToriesOut
Recently it was claimed Tory Whips threatened to reveal MPs sexual indiscretions to keep them in line over Brexit. Is this why Tories get away with so much, the party can keep an MP but have some black for future use in case they stray from the required official path?
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
People are talking about the WA as the end of Brexit. It is not the end, or even the beginning of the end. Even if it goes through Parliament, it just means the terms of exit are agreed, and then years more of hard work trying to sort an FTA.
Same
It's fine to take this 'moderate' approach when you're talking about two rational policies. But Brexit isn't that. It's a policy of the far right that emerges from xenophobia &amp; racism. So on one side you have a majority arguing for a rational policy, &amp; on the other side, insanity
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
Sick of hearing about brexit were legit getting it 24/7 seriously STFU about it !!!! I'm sure there's better news going on
UK car industry: no-deal Brexit could have 'devastating impact' - Nearly three-quarters of UK automotive businesses believe that a ‘no-deal’ Brexit would harm their future viability – with the head of the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders again warning that failure to...
You have only signed a Withdrawal Agreement &amp; a vague Political Declaration. There is no clear policy on future trade. Switzerland took 20 years to negotiate a trade deal. You are condemning our country to uncertainty for years. Brexit will suck all the oxygen out of politics.
Brexit deal analysis... What an absolute load of crap... #stopbrexit
This deal benefits people more than they realise! People don’t do their research and only listen to what the mass media says yet there is so much more to the story than there 5 minute viewing of it! The deal will help all people including young people.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
More fake news from mainstream journalists trying to influence Brexit via
At some point in the future the truth of all these shenanigans will come out, how will history remember the Tories of the 2010s??? #StopBrexit #SaveOurNHS #SquareOne
Any debate should involve someone who believes in Brexit, someone who doesn’t, &amp; someone who believes in the deal. Problem is Corbyn has nothing of value to say, Sturgeon could have an input, but she can’t really speak for the future of the UK.
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
news tower now a permanent fixture for at least the next 4 m onths ! #brexit
What’s her latest position on brexit? There have been many
Another economic analysis identifying the cost of Theresa May’s ‘deal’ for every citizen. Please take note Time to stop and rethink
There won’t be any big firms left in the UK if Grandpa Trotsky gets his Brexit
Will Brexit be the glue for European unity ? Le Monde editorial.
I liked a video Brexit from Hell for the UK, 2458
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
“Will make”....Lammy is a top-drawer idiot with these tweets. I would love a no deal Brexit if only to prove these idiots wrong.
Each successive government has the same combination of incompetence and arrogance in an even worse degree. May's shower takes the prize.
If the #DUP are refusing to back Theresa May’s #brexit deal, shouldn’t she be asking for her £Billion pound bribe back ? Blackmail means Blackmail
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
UK fought for freedom after WW11 UK voted to Leave We still want freedom Bad deal does not give this
Ian Wright’s doc so alarmingly similar to Brexit Britain!
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
Sorry but you're wrong on both counts there. The EU controls at least £350m a week of our money; they send some of it back to us but that's their decision. All the Brexit assessments show GROWTH actually (just at different rates). I suggest you do some research, !
Nobody likes Gove. He’s out for himself not to serve his country. So glad we can vote the whole fetid swamp out at next GE
It's about time that the views of Loyalists on May's 'Surrender' deal were listened to because we have spent the last 2 years being told how upset Republicans are. I doubt May will listen anyway, her head is well and truly up the EU/Dublin arse.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
Telegraph: UK GDP under no-deal #Brexit is expected to be 7.6% lower according to cross-Government analysis. Under PM May's foundational Chequers draft EU divorce agreement, UK GDP estimated to be 1-2% lower over 15 years.
Of course they won't be swayed...Corbyn thinks he will get an election the lib dems, Snp &amp; Tory remoaners think they can stop brexit and DUP and brexiteers want a real brexit. Mays done everything possible to make sure the vote doesnt go through
It’s a remainer’s Brexit not mine they can own it!
Who pays for this junketing? Desperate measures by a desperate woman desperate to hang on to her job.
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
Thank you so much for this tweet! Me (and like every creator I know in Ireland) had no clue (our news is just brexit 24/7 this year), we made a vid and theres more to come! #SavetheInternet
I voted remain and I believe that the electorate was completely misinformed as to what Brexit would look like but to call for a second referendum is honestly ridiculous
Comment from local business about Brexit that made me stop and think: 'if you're not round the table you'll end up in the menu'!
Numpty Hancock due for a big fall?
it worries me that some brexiteers say remainers are "enemies of the nation" - this tweet is trying to paint brexiters as the oppressed &amp; voiceless, that their brexit fantasy has been consumed by remainers ... and that violence against "enemies" is acceptable, or even demanded
Alliance raised this issue with Prime Minister today. Stressed that NI business and wider economy needs support, and one size fits all approach UK wide doesn't work for NI and other regions. We will be following up further...
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
Write to your MP today to tell them you're #NotBuyingIt. No one wants this dodgy #Brexit deal. Demand a #PeoplesVote:
... brexit hard as you like #nodeal
Is Tom Bradby close to having a break down over brexit?
We voted #leave because we don’t want any deal with the EU so #leave voters don’t want a #peoplesvote we want a no deal #Brexit.
Dear well done on finding such brexit savy migrants crossing the Channel before brexit (not that there is any connection at all) and making a tragic, but regular occurance your main story. Have you thought of becoming press officers for Theresa May?
For any fishing enterprise tight on returns it will finish them. LO is far scarier than Brexit
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
A huge majority agree this #BRexit deal is a BAD DEAL, &amp; promised “No Deal is better than a Bad Deal”. We all now know that a #WTO #NODEAL is the only way to #LeaveEU &amp; it was always inevitable. Let’s getting planning for it now :)
Nothing to do with brexit this has happened for years In schools . White on black black on white straight on gay big boy on small boy gang onto one etc these idiots won’t even know what brexit is there just bullies idiots
Well it would shut the remoaners up. Brexit is already costing a fortune....
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
The economic impact of Brexit: jobs, growth and the public finances -
You know the UK will keep them because of UK laws and it has got nothing, absolutely nothing to do with the EU, France or whatever scapegoat you pick. UK immigration laws prevail once in the UK regardless of what you were told to vote Brexit.
Here we go...another #JealousGuy
He should agree to talk with her about Brexit on the condition that they also discuss all the points Theresa May refused to in the run up to last election.
Corbyn vs May debate rejecting anyone else from participating is more than just an EU thing. It's a reminder to the people there's only two parties that 'matter'. Two party politics don't take too kindly to a 3rd voice. Especially a 3rd voice that disagrees. #Brexit #BrexitDebate
This fantastic response to Theresa May's Brexit letter is going viral
Who is sovereign? The government thinks that it is.
Meanwhile zanu is also struggling with many issues. #Brexit iri kupisa kunge Zimbabwe
Complete and utter bollocks. Project Fear at it again. #Brexit
Unnecessary, unwanted, unthinking, unconscionable, idiotic, xenophobic, absolutely a shambles. That's brexit in one sentence.
Why is the Brexit news agenda obsessed with fishing? Feel like I’ve heard the opinion of every fisherman in Britain
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
Prime Minister and Senator Mitch McConnell discussed about #Brexit, Russia relations, and talked also about - the European Centre of Excellence for Countering Hybrid Threats located in #Helsinki, #Finland.
Brian Taylor should be sacked no ifs or buts:
Can she just fuck off now: Theresa May accused of 'dangerous' Brexit cover-up as she blocks full publication of legal advice on her deal via
'People were sold a lie': Ruthin restless over May's Brexit deal
If you read the Buzzfeed Dossier it makes absolute sense that Trump wants #NoDealBrexit. For his pal Putin, he is willing to carve up the UK and cause a freefall in the UK economy to destabilise the UK &amp; Europe. #TrumpRussia and their hedge funds will pick up the spoils.
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Having a TV debate that literally no one wanted fall on my birthday is textbook Theresa May tbh
This is brilliant. "Labour is still guided by the transactional, nationalist assumptions that frame the rest of the country’s Brexit debate."
She's a fraud.
Vicar or no vicar... Is this woman totally nuts?
Looking forward very much to Lord Adonis coming to talk to us in Watford on 12th December, organised by watford4europe. #PeoplesVote #finalsay
“Let's remember the purpose of the EU is to get the division of labour so structured that you maximise the value-added of the production of the society.” Let us
If you’re a Fisherman in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a debacle for you. If you live in London then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this calamity! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
An agenda set by Farage , &amp; last week May with her “ jumping the queue” comments about migrants, were central their campaigns, nothing to do with Brexit?. Did I call you a racist? No, what do you mean “people like you”?
Theresa May accused of 'dangerous' Brexit cover-up as she blocks full publication of legal advice on her deal via
It would be a none event. Unless you pitch then against a Brexiterf, who would destroy both their arguments
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
The #LEAVE campaign yet again cite Project Fear but the only #BREXIT they want is the #NO #DEAL #BREXIT which has no chance of being agreed in Parliament. Time for MPs to assert their Sovereignty &amp; Authority to keep the UK in the EU !
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
UK showing loyalty to N-Ireland? Uk had to be reminded that restoring border could lead to war. Brexiteers hadn’t thought of this aspect for a second. Like they had’nt thought any aspect at all.
If the teams as good as her Brexit negotiators ! Shes f*cked #ResignNow
Good description of the dilemma
Complete the sentence: "I'd rather..... than hear about #Brexit."
We have pulled some strings to book an international dream match . Thats right star of hit tv show Criminal minds The Brothers Shemar Moore will face former IWGP heavyweight champion and hard brexit man kazuyuki fujita in the 1st round of the apnas karlas and gouras invitational
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
Hello! BBC being brave here! Welsh ports sign Brexit 'gagging orders'
#bbcbias We are watching you BBC. We don't miss any of this.
He has lost it big time.
Brexit Betrayal: Theresa May's EU Deal Is Treason - On The Offensive via
Oh dear!! Dodgy May refuses to release economic forecasts
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
more Tory waste, point is the tory party should pay because she is only campaigning for that party
.......”Any form of #Brexit has negative consequences for the #NHS &amp; the harder the #Brexit the more negative the consequences...the Norway option is best for the #NHS but not as good as remain”
Immigration plans might not be published before Brexit vote, says Javid
Jeremy Corbyn allies deny claim he is preparing to back a second Brexit referendum
Immigration plans might not be published before Brexit vote, says Javid
Immigration plans might not be published before Brexit vote, says Javid
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
Anyone attempting to use this as proof that no deal #brexit wouldn’t be an unmitigated fucking disaster needs to look up how much this disingenuous dickweasel is worth and compare it to their own annual income.
The deal is stupid and outrageous but I do believe that no other politician could have secured a better one. Ironically, I think the Labour leader Corbyn actually would have strived for a more aggressive “hard” Brexit.
is this what lou thought brexit was-
We don’t need another vote. Unless we can stop the Brexit fucktards voting again. You know they’ll win it. We have to get Parliament to do this. Can’t leave it to the plebs.
It'll be totally scripted. If it weren't, it would show them both up as the charlatans they both are.
She won’t influence me and she has proved UK is no longer a democracy thanks to her schemi
True, there is no time! And an EEA-Norway+ is likely to be rejected as a true "Brexit" alternative as it implies losing even more control! So... back to the EU?
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
Brexit should have nothing to do with Labour. It puts barriers between us and the rest of the sane democracies in the world. It was "won" with lies and dark ads, finding fertile ground in places which suffer most from austerity. It should be stopped. For all the reasons.
A huge majority agree this #BRexit deal is a BAD DEAL, &amp; promised “No Deal is better than a Bad Deal”. We all now know that a #WTO #NODEAL is the only way to #LeaveEU &amp; it was always inevitable. Let’s getting planning for it now :)
A solid argument can be made that #Brexit was a goal of a joint SinoRussian #PSYOP that is still underway in USA
Oh my goodness! What is going on in the secret corridors of power that none of us mere citizens have no idea about?
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
Big news for us Leavers. #Brexit
A test for our #Brexit sell out PM....
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
DT Nic Dakin: Comment from local business about Brexit that made me stop and think: 'if you're not round the table you'll end up in the menu'!
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
It’s starting to feel like we are being governed by a dictator
but you are quite prepared to bring down your government by voting with this ignorant twat to defeat brexit, and you refer to her as an honourable member !!!! what a load of bollocks you come out with you mp's - mad parasites
Tick, tock...
The choice we have if is we leave the EU we will loose jobs created from trade with the EU , If we stay in the EU we will loose jobs created from trade with the rest of the world.. as we do more trade with the rest of the world and as the vote was LEAVE it is a no brainier.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
A Brexit Stitch up now a Brexit Cover up
David De Gea's so good he could have saved the Brexit talks and Kurran from leaving The Apprentice #mufc #Fellaini #UCL
“TWO FURRA POUND”
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
Theresa May is off around the UK to try and sell her Brexit deal. She might as well make it her farewell tour as she will be the Ex-PM very soon. #BrexitBetrayal
A great evening at Somerset Annual Open Meeting at with an interesting &amp; insightful speech from Guy Smith #AgricultureBill #brexit #foodproduction #BackBritishFarming
How have our priorities gone so wrong that anyone thinks #Brexit is worth doing? We could be ending austerity, building housing, funding education &amp; the NHS &amp; social care. Instead we're making ourselves poorer. . &amp; . are awful.
Idiot of the day
My dad’s just cheered me up immensely by likening #brexit to an episode of Neighbours in the 90’s. Then this game began #brexitneighbours #JoinIn
That's right! The funny thing is, Michael Cain is pro-Brexit and said he rather be a "poor master of his own fate" than tied to the EU. So, he'd rather "watch the world burn" than see the UK part of the EU. However, he is a millionaire so won't suffer like the rest of us.
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
Me on earlier (28 mins) with , calling for to be allowed on any #Brexit debate to put the case for a #PeoplesVote
The absolute dishonesty of this paper
De Gea could save brexit
Sign up for tonight's Learning Symposium, 6pm at Westin Harbour Castle Hotel, Toronto with Prof. Jaigris Hodson: Communicating Reason in an Unreasonable time: Information in an Age of Trump and Brexit
What a strange thing to say. Freedom and independence have always been considered worthy objectives. Brexit is the best thing that could have happened and one day she'll thank your generation for having the courage to stand up to the establishment. I won't tell her how you voted.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
Ha bloody ha!
You. You and your lying brexit fantasist friends. Next question
At least bothers to turn up for work every week and actually does his job to his best ability whilst presenting himself as a gentleman and statesman. Something never even attempted as #Brexit Secretary where he was sometimes present, never involved.
Yes there has obvs been a decision to “defocus” on Brexit
These days I find Corbyn's reference to other issues outside of brexit annoying. Brexit is about doing away with regulations on business, all of them. Carbon reduction targets? Will go up in flames...
Totally fabricated nonsense. If we kept 39 billion pounds we could help ease austerity but we would need a UKIP Government to do that. Are we not reliably informed that the 39 billion is for committed EU bureaucrats pensions?
Dude, it's not like Brexit means you can't leave the island. I lived in the UK before Sweden was part of the EU. Had a little green "resident" passport and all.
Brexit: Government admits UK could attempt to unilaterally revoke Article 50 if MPs want to - The Independent
This is Labour Policy James. Boris has been quite clear about his preference for a clean Super Canada +++ Brexit.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
I used to think he was great for standing up for what he believes in despite obvious trouble it can bring, now can't stand him. Brexit is all on the no voters in 2014 as if we got independence they wouldn't have thought twice with hardly any resources to bargain with.
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
Here’s some news for ya: Scotland doesn’t believe Great Britain cares about it because of Brexit. I have a front seat to all this tea!
U.S. near aviation agreement with post-Brexit UK - sources
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
Brexit ads
Fuck that
Is that a plug for Brexit, well done!
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
Do not accept 's false binary choice of " #deal or #NoDealBrexit", intended to bludgeon us into accepting her blind #Brexit. Join us to #BuggerBrexit via Please invite all your friends. #StopBrexit #Remain
What’s the purpose piece on Scottish drug issues? Aren’t health policy and police devolved? Looks like a #subsidyjunkie piece for shoring up #Brexit Time to #DissolveTheUnion
Boy who on the ITV News there, from Ulster Seafoods, complaining about the Brexit deal. Nice cashmere coat and Ralph Lauren tie, the uniform of ordinary fisher folk everywhere. Pass my tiny violin.
i wanna get into a fight w someone on twitter over brexit with my profile looking like this
I understand that O'F was keen, like others to concentrate on Brexit. Understandable. UKIP has never been a 1 issue party but there has been tension about islam mainly in recent years.I think Batten is doing a good job with his approach to TR. I think a lot of it is snobbery.
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
Not the country, that’s for sure!
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
Anyone still supporting #Brexit after all the revelations of corruption, foreign intervention, lies, deceit and police investigations is associating themselves with the criminals &amp; traitors who are leading the #Leave campaign #DontBackTheBrexitDeal #PeoplesVote #OptionToRemain
I have issues with this kind of language (not yours) it suggests unless you dedicate your life to Brexit you aren’t doing ‘enough’, it’s incredibly alienating
BREXIT LIVE: ‘Support Brexit deal or RESIGN’ Varadkar’s warning - May's agreement on BRINK
Liam this is simply not true because we won’t be able to set our own tariffs as we’ll be locked into EU rules/regulations which can be changed at their whim &amp; we have to follow! That’s not free to set our own terms and benefit from the opportunities of a full Brexit!! Chuck this!
Just commented on : Contingency plans for a no-deal 'hard Brexit' scenario approved by ministers -
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Fuck Northern Ireland. You are Irish. Be Irish and fuck off. #brexit
Me! We voted for brexit.
And what about brexit? The only thing that unites the whole party? Where is he with the members on that?
Unseen images of PM, Theresa May, have been released after the most recent Brexit negotiations. Courtesy of Ryanair.
That's why it says "could" as nobody knows for sure yet even what the final brexit deal will be If you are looking for undisputable facts you will be looking for a long time
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
u need 2 stop harping on about this bad deal Brexit and save my sons life!! he maybe just 1 person to u but he is my son!! ignorance is a very rude trait not a good one either. look at the pics I tweeted u then come back to me. I need and desrve help saving my son.
"There is no guaranteed extra money—or ‘Brexit dividend'" "However, other costs (for example, parts of the Brexit ‘divorce’ bill) and economic effects associated with leaving are expected to more than offset that saving."
Very upset to hear this. I have many EU friends and none are leaving the UK because of Brexit - maybe I am just lucky
This fantastic response to Theresa May's Brexit letter is going viral
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
Oh dear, interesting!
Anyone inclined to sympathise with May should separate their feelings for the person from those for her #Brexit deal &amp; read Polly Toynbee's appraisal of what she offers. It is a sobering article.
"the British entered the EU in 1973 with an air of gloomy resignation, so perhaps they will leave in the same mood, settling on Cape Disappointment because they have nowhere else to go" -
You can't fool me with this Russia nonsense. Your austerity brought on brexit and your now screwed looking like a fool. Too much paedoing has messed with your people's brains.
You had your chance to resign over Brexit. Hope you made the right decision. The deal you supported won't be going through.
The very idea of charging people to turn up and defend what they voted for shows how out of touch you are ! We all want the same thing, the #Brexit we voted for ! The turnout on the 9th lets know we are watching them and we want our #Brexit !
After 29 March 2019 the UK will revert to Imperial measures starting with the pound (£) which will have 240 pennies rather than the current 100 pence. #Brexit #SIUnits #pounds #ounces #grains #furlongs #yards #inches #miles
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
Hmmm but 90% of the catch is in Scotland...and the Scots won’t hang around long after Brexit.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
Sickening.
EXCL Number 10 chief begs Labour MPs to back 'tenacious' Theresa May's Brexit deal / #EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Brexit idea? How about we say ok we have agreed to leave but lets make sure and vote again.....if 55% vote to stay we stay.....then atleast not a disputed vote? Random idea???
I really mean Brexit will be Brexit
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
Labour used their political slot on C4 News tonight to talk about fracking! Not Brexit but fracking!
Well that is good news for #PeoplesVote
When they both have basically the same Brexit position. They can keep it.
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
It’s sadly simple. Theresa May is in total denial. The Joan of Arc of current politics relies instead on her ‘voices’ It’s like watching a zombie #finalsayforall
It’s about Britain Gerry, which Scottish MP should represent the 1million Scots that voted #Brexit ?
Brexit
via This tells you all about the deceit of the Appeaser in not releasing the full legal advice she received on the WA. She is not to be trusted. Why would you only release an edited summary. You need to read this article in full.
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
I was hearing 80 earlier. Looks like we'll see who's telling the truth in division lobby now that 48 letters have not been handed in by these Lions
Theresa May will just #Carryonlying
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
Theresa May hits back at Donald Trump as she begins bid to sell Brexit deal
If Brexit seems stressful it's not worse than when I went on a lads holiday to Shag Island only to find it was uninhabitable.
NO. Resign with dignity. Allow a Brexit Tory to run with it. Democracy. Yay
You know the UK will keep them because of UK laws and it has got nothing, absolutely nothing to do with the EU, France or whatever scapegoat you pick. UK immigration laws prevail once like it always had regardless of what you were told to vote Brexit.
could save #Brexit #BrexitChaos #BrexitShambles #brexitmeansbrexit #ManUtd #MUNYB
Brexit-backing BBC host Andrew Neil just got absolutely destroyed on his own channel via
- can you please just send him on holiday... give him a break please!
May’s government refuses to publish details of Brexit deal legal advice via
And the penalty for the 'serious offence' ? Imprisonment? Deportation? You talk codswallop and poison.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
The Trilogy continues. Which part of Project Fear are we up to now folks . V , VI, VII i forget #Brexit
Well said
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
And it's dangerous to call both sane and insane 'extremists' and argue for a compromise that's only a bit insane. (Partly because by doing that, you're giving credibility to insanity). (When I say insane - I mean there's no economic benefits to Brexit at all - and high costs)
Javid wants to use the Royal Navy to stop Brits escaping Brexit Britain.
There are no words. One of the architects of our mess in action.....#brexit
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
Shame on him
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
A principled Tory. Thank you for putting country before party.
Conservative MP Andrea Jenkyns Discusses Upcoming Vote On Draft 'Brexit' Deal
In a league of her own. Carole Cadwalladr wins Foreign Press award for Trump and Brexit work
"Heavyweight"? Please...
Well deserved ! —&gt; Carole Cadwalladr wins Foreign Press award for Trump and Brexit work
ISIS terrorist SCUM. They pay £6k cash per person &amp; Leaving a safe country! #EU refuse to deport so here they come folks. WE NEED A NO DEAL BREXIT &amp; instant Deportations. Pls sign 2 petitions
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Strong case for
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
If we Brexit, will make 10 times worse!
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
I just demanded that the broadcasters promise fair representation in the TV Brexit debates. I think the public should hear from anti-Brexit voices as well as Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn. Add your name to 's petition:
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
I think May has two options: a) this deal b) abort Brexit And she has to navigate carefully to make either legally and politically legitimate. For b) to work, she has to pretend not to want this option.
Make a stand.
Is there any other interpretation but blatant corruption? #brexit
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
Ladies &amp; Gentlemen...Brexiteers... We can’t go back on Brexit... we must hold strong in our beliefs and what we were sold by our great Brexit leaders...who have vanished!I’m off to Estorill to visit James Bonds birthplace in our 4th biggest trading partner who did...what in WW2?!
From stockpiling to plant closures, here’s a handy (but worrying) list how companies are reacting to #Brexit and the #BrexitChaos via
1 MEP who's behind the man who left his job before brexit was done.
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
Michael Gove is set to be unleashed as Theresa May’s ‘secret weapon’ in persuading Tory Eurosceptics to back her Brexit deal.
'Planned from the start!' Caller warns Farage of his BIG CONCERN with May's Brexit deal May complete uturn and eu so happy with deal signed off in 38mins
Me: any holidays planned? Coworker: I want to go to Goa, but idk with this whole brexit thing... Me: but isn’t Goa in India? Coworker: yeah Me: .... Coworker: .... Me: okay.
Now you are just being silly. The whole purpose of this *particular* debate is Brexit. If they both agree to a further debate about homelessness, the horrors of Universal Credit etc, I’m all for it.
Brexit could hit F1 races around Europe, says McLaren chief - The Guardian: Brexit could hit F1… #News #Politics
Send someone to sort this out!&gt;
you think you could me a little more biased against #Brexit ? FFS
British Brexit turmoil spooks investors, boosts dollar, yen November 15, 2018 in #businessNews via
Ah, those sunlit uplands getting ever closer.....
An hour of two people shouting two incoherent Brexit positions across each other. Keep it.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
Senior MPs slam ‘institutional silence’ over claims of wrongdoing in Brexit vote | Bailiwick Express UK
Disgraceful!!!
Can Brexit go away now - please?
NO-DEAL #Brexit will:- reduce greenhouse gas emissions, reduce the risk of cancer and heart disease by effecting meat farming. Climate and health benefits! #climatechange #NoDealBrexit #Leave #Remain #MeatBad
Me after brexit:
Searingly on point:
Brexit Britain in a nutshell
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
Depending on the #Brexit deal and the certain withdrawal of CAP farming subsidies, could the UK government be penalised in the future by European Court for subsidising uk farming in breach of EU state aid rules . How ironic would that be.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
It's almost witching hour, shall we agree to disagree on what Brexit means and bid "goodnight"
The UK did have a hotter summer than parts of Central Europe, but it’s tricky to quantify its exact effects. The point I am making is an predictions that suit your narrative are fine, whereas those that don’t are made by remainers and anyone who doesn’t believe in Brexit.
Yes please. people's vote or just revoke by parliamentary majority - the latter would save us more time and grief.
I dont know if anyone has thought of this, had a couple of pints so might be a silly idea.. But why dont just stay in the EU? I know its obvious, but why not. I mean in your heart of hearts how many of us are really brexit or Tory. I mean deep down Its pretty much Zero right?
leadership the reason I voted for you he's a #Brexit supporter
your only followers who reply to the daily #Stridelies are members who will not be paying your draconian #LoanCharge2019 so wind your neck in and bow out gracefully before you boat up the gets sunk #HMRCHumancost
A huge majority agree this #BRexit deal is a BAD DEAL, &amp; promised “No Deal is better than a Bad Deal”. We all now know that a #WTO #NODEAL is the only way to #LeaveEU &amp; it was always inevitable. Let’s getting planning for it now :)
Fascinating #discussion of #GPS, #Brexit, #galileo, #quantum #gyroscopes and all things #positioning and #navigation with #gnss #expert . The first BadBoyMeets interview! Have a listen! #cambridge #science #engineering #physics
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
Conservative MP Andrea Jenkyns Discusses Upcoming Vote On Draft 'Brexit' Deal +1 EuroBot #Europe #news
Let's Stop this crazy BREXIT.
The people's vote is what democracy is all about, not a fabrication called the electoral college, created to thwart the people's decisions. IMO...
Urgent #Brexit klaxon Boris are you a complete ufckwit ?
Is this true?
As I said, everything she has done re Brexit has been for the whole U.K., only the media in England want to represent her a a single issue politician who would sell out England to get what she wants. We aspire to be good neighbours, selling England out is not in the plan!
Pool of support for May's Brexit deal even shallower than first thought
#Brexit thoughts...
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
The mentality of Brexit. Small minded, nationalistic, let’s look after the UK, nothing else matters. This is, in reality, England today. Pathetic.
This fantastic response to Theresa May's Brexit letter is going viral
You might get a few more visitors after brexit.
Says the man who supports #Brexit
May .. you retard .. no one pro leave or remain is accepting this pile of shit .. resign and let a true Brexit believer deliver what we voted for
Yes, Donald Trump is talking perfect sense on May’s Brexit deal
I don’t think remain or bust because I don’t think there’s a need to. The Political Declaration (no SM/EEA) will not change before Brexit. The future relationship will be negotiated after it. 1/
U.S. near aviation agreement with post-Brexit UK: sources -
Oh fuck off will ya... how on earth has he got to that the big Spanish brexit voter
May’s plan does not allow the UK to pursue any kind of ind. trade policy to enable the UK to strike new deals once promised by Brexiters It offers only yrs of uncertainty for business as the push-pull of Brexit continues while we lack any say in the rules
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
PM hits back at Trump as she begins bid to sell Brexit deal
Most students who probably have no idea about the small print in May’s horrendous deal (nor would they be told), and most who probably would vote for labour anyway. No Deal Brexit!!!
I just watched a BBC so-called fact check on this. It was total bullshit, rambling on about irrelevancies and totally failing to mention the simple fact that the USA would see no point in making a trade deal with us because we could offer them no better terms than the EU does...
too. That's my point though. Brexit was great if what they told everyone was going to happen. Lying bastards lead millions up the garden path
Ironic that treacherous Gove is being called May's secret weapon when he has stabbed Brexiteers like Boris in the back, while helping to prop up our failure of a Remainer Prime Minister The man simply cannot be trusted and this is another major error of judgment by Mrs May
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google
I expect my Glaswegian chums to extend their typical welcome.
Okay, but how is anything actually gonna go right about Brexit at this point? Shit deal proposed that no1 agrees on. Need a deal anyway or country will go into meltdown without one. Can’t really go back on Brexit. Hate talking politics but just realised we’re all actually fucked
Brexit has exposed our political system for what it is, major reform is badly needed.
Whoops!
Sadly, in the referendum campaign, every explanation of reality had to be countered by a fantasist telling the lies that calls out below. "Impartiality" doesn't mean balancing facts with populist lies. I hope the BBC understands that now. Hope it's not too late.
Dodgy May refuses to release full Brexit legal advice
No one said #brexit would be easy...yes they did! All of the leavers did!! #itvnews
let’s walk away, pay Europe nothing. Let them chase us for the money and any deals. Take back our seas, keep Gibraltar #Brexit
Daily Mail has gone full on batshit crazy. Would be funny if it wasn’t so obvious &amp; tragic. Which version of Project Fear r we on now? Couple stockpile four months of spare food in case of no deal Brexit via
New story on NPR: Conservative MP Andrea Jenkyns Discusses Upcoming Vote On Draft 'Brexit' Deal
Senior MPs slam ‘institutional silence’ over claims of wrongdoing in #Brexit vote
Senior MPs slam ‘institutional silence’ over claims of wrongdoing in #Brexit vote
Nooooo! Nothing in the whole wide world is more boring than brexit!
Conservative MP Andrea Jenkyns Discusses Upcoming Vote On Draft 'Brexit' Deal -
Cancel your festive plans folks - Jugment Day is coming.
Aye my love, but the Mormons are agents of Satan too! Only #Tories and #Brexit shall save us, even if it is a shite deal. Once we rid ourselves of these immigrants, our pains will be soothed. All hail #hypocrisy and all hail
Bin brexit rather than a backstop.
There's also e.g. this. But I'll stop here. Uncertain if you simply wanted a source, or are looking for surrounding material. Try the Image Search yourself if you're looking for more discussions of what the "finding" might mean! :o)
Brexit Betrayal: Theresa May's EU Deal Is Treason via
Anything BUT BREXIT CORBYN! Do you think we are all morons?
Come on do your stuff.
New story on NPR: Conservative MP Andrea Jenkyns Discusses Upcoming Vote On Draft 'Brexit' Deal
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
Please tell me why you want to stop Brexit?
To yet again paraphrase William L. Hudson, why don't we put her in charge? "My letter to Jeremy Corbyn: your nation is threatened – back a people’s vote"
British people back May's #Brexit deal, exclusive poll finds
New story on NPR: Conservative MP Andrea Jenkyns Discusses Upcoming Vote On Draft 'Brexit' Deal
Yes for me the way that the EU have handled Brexit has been shameful. I also can see no way of avoiding Brexit now, one cannot go back and expect a fair deal, esp with EU behaviour. We had the best deal with a veto to use.
Professor Dougan was forensic in his demolition of the Withdrawal Treaty and the weakness of the Political Declaration. I hope that enough of our MPs have the wisdom and courage to say the price of Brexit is too high and 'Not in my name'.
The latest The Emma Ratliff Daily! Thanks to #hearmetoo #brexit
Femi is one of the big Brexit winners.
British people back May's #Brexit deal, exclusive poll finds
I agree with 2013 Andrea
The latest The Broken Of Britain Daily! Thanks to #brexit #technology
How are any of these ministers! inept and quite delusional
in my opinion we voted brexit for a few reasons. 1, complete control over borders and stopping everyone migrating to our country. 2, stop giving the eu money. 3, control our own laws with no outside input. 4, be completely independent. Does this deal to these things?
Yep. Classic dog whistle to the xenophobes, confirming May’s “fortress Britain” approach. Brexit won’t stop the boats coming, though.
Smug faced arse.
Well they did start writing the report the day after the Brexit vote, because no matter what deal was on the table they were going to be against it, because they only do grievance.
Trump's trade wars and Brexit are making us all poorer
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google PLEASE SHARE
Hard Brexit is the only way to go
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
New story on NPR: Conservative MP Andrea Jenkyns Discusses Upcoming Vote On Draft 'Brexit' Deal
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
Nicola Sturgeon calls for full leaders' TV debate on Brexit deal with Theresa May - Daily Record via
NPR News: Conservative MP Andrea Jenkyns Discusses Upcoming Vote On Draft ‘Brexit’ Deal
Leadership .
Not at all,it was in answer to why people voted to leave &amp; whether it is a proper brexit. You were saying ppl didnt say imm, I was explaining why.i mentioned xenophobia cos that's what you constantly hear from remainers. That's all.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
#brexitmadness affects the memory
Car making Job losses are nothing to do with Brexit, it’s a global industry problem so cut the crap
My heart bleeds - a failed education system, an underfunded police force, an atmosphere of hate and our politicans have their heads up their brexit arse
What does brexit have to do with this announcement?
She just another politician who says one thing,and does the can’t trust her,you can’t trust what she say,or comes out her mouth. But she is a remainer,so she never believed in Brexit anyway..
Need to look further back into her days at the home office.. Her approach to the brexit is entirely consistent.
And you don't think the government's own website explaining the deal is a teensy bit biased?
I look forward to your resignation on December 12th although shame it didn't come much much sooner. #Brexit
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
On the contrary, I think democracy is a good thing. Which is why I think that once we know “exactly” which Brexit we are being offered, we should be allowed to vote on whether or not it is what we want.
I just demanded that the broadcasters promise fair representation in the TV Brexit debates. I think the public should hear from anti-Brexit voices as well as Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn. Add your name to 's petition:
Yea I have no idea mate, same with this brexit deal, not sure what’s for the best. I believe in this country and what we can do but we need a bit of actual leadership and somebody to take charge. No decent alternative to May in the tories either really
Support the oice of reason during this #Brexit crisis.
Why just haulage ?. Also why should haulage firms decide who makes the laws we live by ?. That’s what Brexit is about. This is unbelievable corporatism Adil.
Well they do. It's called no #Brexit. This is a mess. They were told repeatedly.
A huge majority agree this #BRexit deal is a BAD DEAL, &amp; promised “No Deal is better than a Bad Deal”. We all now know that a #WTO #NODEAL is the only way to #LeaveEU &amp; it was always inevitable. Let’s getting planning for it now :)
Robin Walker another out of touch deluded idiot
I’m still convinced that this ‘Brexit’ has been orchestrated. It’s a traditional Tory tactic to muddy the waters so much. I voted leave to my shame because David Cameron wanted to stay. Naturally I would do the opposite of him. Example: He inserted his penis into a dead pig....
&amp; will not admit #BREXIT makes UK economy poorer ! The only way forward now is to #StopBrexit !
could be a GE coming up.
Please sign &amp; share. This is a massive deal. The UK government is going to sign up to this under the cover of the Brexit hype, just a bit suspect that's its due to be signed the SAME day the Brexit vote is due to be completed.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Google - PLEASE SHARE
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
Fully resourced....yes. This question has an air of "Brexit" about it. Choices are too binary.
The #Brexit Trades Convo... The World: Sorry can’t trade with you guys! England: ... Scotland: okay, so no Whisky or Irn Bru then? The World:
There already has been a Far Right resurgence and every tosser on the left willfully supporting this stupid Brexit with their Lexit waffle is partly responsible for that. This is a right-wing Brexit - always was, always will be. As such it should be fought.
Another frustrated Whitehall source commented: “We’ve hit the iceberg, the ship is sinking, but Number 10 are rearranging the deck chairs.”
Surely this is done form of contempt for the House??????
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc
Arlene Foster condemns ‘offensive’ talk of ‘bribe’ for DUP support of Brexit deal
Feel sorry for my grandkids they’ll be learning about Brexit in their history lessons
Conservative MP Andrea Jenkyns Discusses Upcoming Vote On Draft 'Brexit' Deal
Theresa May: "Now I've got to the final deal, everybody's saying, quite rightly, that it is pointless..."
BREXIT: Blackmail and bribery won’t get May’s deal over the line /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Norwich party leaders could press MPs for Brexit vote
YT video, Press Conference: "UN's Global Compact for Migration Expands on Hate Speech to CRIMINALISE Criticism of Migration" *watch* (4m) MIGRATION: Int'l Congress Marrakech 10/11 December UK #HoC #Brexit Withdrawal Agreement Vote 11 December. Coincidence?
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
This shifty chancer is Secretary of State for Health. Smirking as he spins his misleading 'facts'. After Brexit the Tory cabinet will be a rogues gallery of grubby conmen.
Interesting discussion at Birmingham over a scrumptious dinner discussing the State of The State 2018 report various topics covered from #Brexit #healthcare #policing #LocalGovernment #austerity #DigitalTransformation #TalentAcquisition etc with sector leaders
This thug appears to “support” your club. Please ban him. This thug needs lifted, charged and jailed. Just do it. For the sake of this country’s future,which is already going down the toilet due to Brexit, JUST SORT IT OUT!!
I remember The Sun saying that the Queen wanted Brexit. I remember the Express promising tax cuts and increased public spending from Brexit. I don't know which bits of media you read. Guardian and Independent were pro-EU, but the rest pretty anti. Can you link to that judgement?
Good. Because all they want is "no Brexit" But that debate is over. By all means have a say on the type of deal, even a "no deal" But we all know all the "people's vote" Supporters want is to overturn the referendum. Well tough shit. Too late. Jog on.
New story on NPR: Conservative MP Andrea Jenkyns Discusses Upcoming Vote On Draft 'Brexit' Deal
Tom Bradby is hilarious on news at ten, his exasperation about brexit "well it's that time of day again".
what idiots you are..........................
More of this to come post Brexit.
This kids obviously a cunt but uno he just had one of them brexit dads
The Mail has turned into a national disgrace and is betraying its readers in the same way May is betraying the country, the Tory party and Brexit. What are you going to do about it ? The new editor must go and May must go.
'Brits aren’t STUPID!' Brexiteer brilliantly DISMANTLES no-deal Brexit scare stories
May: Brexit deal to allow trade ties with any country
New story on NPR: Conservative MP Andrea Jenkyns Discusses Upcoming Vote On Draft 'Brexit' Deal
&amp; there you have it, a group working on the ISSUE of tradIng with USA etc, proof of lies from her own mouth ! QUESTION Was the Referendum a people's vote OR Treason Mays? It certainly seems like its hers and the Civil Sevice! NOTHING to do with us!
Please if you haven't yet done so, write to your MP to urge him/her to vote down May's #Brexit deal. House of Commons, London SW1A 0AA. Leading YouGov pollster says Brexit figures make case for people's vote #PeoplesVote with #OptionToRemain
Cornwall family stockpiling Marmite for no deal Brexit
Conservative MP Andrea Jenkyns Discusses Upcoming Vote On Draft 'Brexit' Deal
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
Mr Davies was already down as a "for". He is seeking publicity for whatever reason, trying to raise his profile pehaps. His views are of no consequence.
Thx for details :D
The Prime Minister's letter is full of lies and half-truths ('Brexit dividend') for a reason. Brexit can't be rationally justified. So you need to lie about it to get people to accept it. (As happened in the referendum - Leave illegally spent foreign money to mis-inform voters).
It'll need a will on all sides - around 14 countries have placed objections to UK proposals, including US and Russia, meaning that negotiations will be necessary. They'll take time.
Finally the PM makes the news for something other than brexit.
I still think they'll hold back. Tactically, the best time for the ERG to strike is on the loss of the Meaningful Vote. They get to seize the political airtime, at a moment when a well-planned softer-Brexit campaign might take the initiative.
Japanese PM Abe not visiting UK in December as originally expected then. Presumably as Brexit parliament vote not till mid Dec. Also notable lack of supportive tweets from Abe as per leaked PR plan. So a phone call will have to do for now.
We'll ...if the brexit's vote an indication oh how this policy will work...god help us is all I can say...
Donald Trumpington on the outcome of Theresa May's #BrexitDeal
“Invasion of the Brexit Snatchers”
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
Hey WHY WON’T YOU GIVE RIGHT OF RESPONSE TO THE FOREIGN PRESS AWARD-WINNING INVESTIGATIVE JOURNO Carole Cadwalladr ?????
Brexit is bad, dangerous and divisive.
Another hilarious thread full of arrogant, uneducated remainers, obsessed with the fantasy that thick Brexiters didn’t have a clue. I do enjoy reading and actually laugh out load at some of the blatant delusion
Independence will make Scots poorer by around £5-£6000 per person per year by 2030. The Scot Gov Brexit analysis is around £1600 per person by comparison Both figures ate GDP not revenue.
This is all completely healthy and not at all authoritarian abrogation of our Constitution.
Nonsense Rory. We had a fully uninformed #referendum where all sorts of unrealistic promises were made/ fears stoked (on both sides). It’s now clear that soft brexit won’t work &amp; we have greater understanding of the complexities. There is every justification for an informed vote.
U.S. near aviation agreement with post-Brexit UK - sources #stopbrexit
Mystery deepens over secret source of Brexit 'dark money' | openDemocracy
#Brexit Politics. #Perhaps The Greatest Speech On Brexit Ever Made #Peter Shore Labour. #And Doing Well in the WTO.
BY DESIGN! For all those that think Gerard Batten's latest ideas are beneficial to UKIP I suggest you read this article from a former UKIP Head of Communications. The real problem is there...
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
*BREAKING NEWS* Leeds United keeper Bailey Peacock-Farrell, of Norn Iron, has been sent as a last minute effort to save us all from the terrible #Brexit deal. Bielsa had Corboran say this, "YOU CAN DO EEEET". BPF is known for saving things in the last minutes.
I don’t understand your point? Are you saying that this is because of Brexit, which hasn’t even happened yet?
I wish I could vote for this woman so bloody much
Yup, there are plenty who have used it to block users or tweets with specific hashtags, it can be a useful feature, especially for people who may struggle online, or are fed up of certain subjects. I've considered muting Brexit for 30 days because it's been tediously repetitive
Low carbon food. Eat locally produced items. All year salads will become a thing of the past. Except in mainland Europe. #brexit food hall.
What the fuck is this meaningless rant? You commented on a boy being bullied and you blamed Brexit. I’m saying you (lefty) people need to get off your soapbox. (Point proved)
Not scandal
Of course Flint is voting for the brexit deal. Fuck sake.
I just demanded that the broadcasters promise fair representation in the TV Brexit debates. I think the public should hear from anti-Brexit voices as well as Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn. Add your name to 's petition:
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
As with the WW1 generals, May wants the UK to charge on with BREXIT regardless of the casualties. When those in the know, know it's better to STOP and find a better solution. The alternative is to return to the status quo and negotiate a compromise as a full EU member
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
Just goes to show how deeply untrustworthy PM May is.
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
EU Leaders Approve Brexit Deal sure now?
The are touring #BrokenBritain with to show the truth about Theresa May's lie that Austerity is over! Remember this when she says you should trust her on anything, let alone brexit.
Tories trying to avoid damocracy again?
Been on the pop with colleagues from Germany, France and Italy since 4.30pm. I will die slowly and painfully tomorrow. I also need to take a meeting on market impact thanks to Brexit for 3 hours tomorrow. Life is very fucking bad. Very fucking bad indeed.
BBC News - Brexit: Theresa May denies 'rolling over' on deal
He wasn't commenting about brexit he was commenting on the withdrawal agreement.
New story on NPR: Conservative MP Andrea Jenkyns Discusses Upcoming Vote On Draft 'Brexit' Deal
Brexit Deal bad deal means No deal Britain will servive
Mentioning Brexit in relation to that video is highly embarrassing.
Be careful about Russian media and the role they play, both putin and trump are interested only in themselves and understand the benefits of divide and conquer. That's why trump supports Brexit.
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
7.6% lower? So if their GDP is forecasted at say 2% pre-brexit. Then a no-deal would make it 1.85%? If so, what the big deal.
New story on NPR: Conservative MP Andrea Jenkyns Discusses Upcoming Vote On Draft 'Brexit' Deal
‘The two are perfectly compatible. It’s perfectly possible to end freedom of movement in law, and not put an extra burden on employers after that date,” Javid said.’
New story on NPR: Conservative MP Andrea Jenkyns Discusses Upcoming Vote On Draft 'Brexit' Deal
Right, are we all actually stocking up on food for Brexit because i'm been ignoring it, and i don't want to be the only one without food during the brexitopalypse. Are you?!
.#Brexit: a path that leads inexorably into even greater wealth inequality, increasing social unrest and...
New story on #RAREPEPE Conservative MP Andrea Jenkyns Discusses Upcoming Vote On Draft 'Brexit' Deal
Conservative MP Andrea Jenkyns Discusses Upcoming Vote On Draft 'Brexit' Deal
Can #brexit please just happen so we don’t have to read all the shit about this horrible negotiations?
Facts; common sense; integrity
Batten: " #TommyRobinson is on our side in regards to #Brexit" via
Brexit news: Brexiteer brilliantly DISMANTLES no-deal Brexit scare stories | UK | News |
Oh ok, because this guys vague explanation will clearly make informed people change their mind. No Deal Brexit please. Vote terrible deal down.
House prices down by a third due to #brexit sound like a good thing! #itvnewsatten
Poor Alyn.
Isn’t she now in an entrenched position of rimming TMs arse ole till her tongues licking the words of brexit from her throat.
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
New story on NPR: Conservative MP Andrea Jenkyns Discusses Upcoming Vote On Draft 'Brexit' Deal
Conservative MP Andrea Jenkyns Discusses Upcoming Vote On Draft 'Brexit' Deal
Donald Trump slams Brexit plan and suggests it won't mean a trade deal with the US -
It's all a fookin con! They are puppets playing there part making it seem like it's real! This is a long term agenda &amp; anyone who believed in &amp; stood by May contributed to this! Do you SERIOUSLY think it would end with one vote for Brexit from the people?
I disagree. If May comes out with ‘Now is not the time’ 2 years after say the same thing she will lose more credibility. Some would actually back her saying that just now while the Brexit withdrawal is going through parliament. Once the meaningful vote is done +dusted is the time
just another Tory completely ignoring the majority of his constituents who voted REMAIN. He doesn't actually care about how you're affected by Brexit, so long as he can keep his job &amp; salary
NPR News: Conservative MP Andrea Jenkyns Discusses Upcoming Vote On Draft ‘Brexit’ Deal
Salvini LASHES OUT at EU for Brexit - ‘Someone in Brussels has DONE SOMETHING WRONG’
Ideally they would like to do it on 11 December and bury it under brexit vote
We should definitely have Sturgeon and Lucas to balance the two Brexidiots.
Theresa May MP: Give People a Final Say on Brexit Deal - Sign the Petition! via
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
I may disagree with your support for Mrs May's Brexit Betrayal bill, but on this, you're spot on.
In practice, #BBCnews, no trade deals are going to be negotiated to completion by 2020 (and if claims he has one ready to sign, it should be handled with rubber gloves - it'd likely be extremely disadvantageous to the UK). #SignInHasteRepentAtLeisure #Brexit #Tories
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
In general, we should treat all post-#brexit FTAs the #Tories quickly sign with suspicion; an #EU of 28 has the clout to secure good terms - alone, our Swinging Dick's no way so Big. #BBCnews #Newsnight #LBC
And why this modern British Saloon-Bar-Bore fixation on FTAs anyway? If states like our products, they'll buy them from us; FTAs help us sell the harder-to-shift stuff - they agree to take our lemons if we agree to take their chlorinated turkeys. #Brexit #Tories #Newsnight #LBC
NPR News: Conservative MP Andrea Jenkyns Discusses Upcoming Vote On Draft ‘Brexit’ Deal
Brexit! The gift that keeps on giving. And now, circling the orifice that is this shabby Tory govt. Fresh row looms as No 10 refuses to publish full Brexit legal advice
I dont care i still want to leave the EU .
#piecrustpromise Did the guy who just used this know he was quoting Mary Poppins? #brexit
Lol good luck
Very much so . . . .
Although ironically, as many polls in England show, the majority of Tories would happily dump Scotland and NI to get their Brexit. If we did the reverse we would be no better and that is not the country ppl aspire for here.
Or even better - shoot that cock who demonstrates about Brexit but knows fcuk all about it apart from it doesn’t feel right. Oh and remove the net.....
Totally undemocratic ! How can this be allowed to pass without censure by HOC?
The hysteria about the Russians supposedly using Facebook to fix the Brexit and Trump votes shows how out of touch the elites are: they simply can't comprehend that Brexit and Trump happened because ordinary people saw through them so have to explain it as a Russian plot.
Is there a reason for this?!
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
We all know that BREXIT will make Britain poorer and less influential...… but that clown in Downing Street is unable to tell the people the truth namely that if one country leaves a club of 28 it is a disaster. Boris could now admit his lies !
ah bless, boo boo if house prices drop by 1/3rd. So rich people can’t be so mobile, but the young would finally be able to get to the home owning ladder. House prices are inflated right now, it all needs a reset. #NoDeal #brexit all the way
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
You can just see Hammond blowing the dust off George Osbornes project fear files &amp; adding them to his own back of a fag packet 'predictions'. After Christmas you will see remoaners walking around the streets wearing message boards stating the end of the world is nigh.
Dear I do not support your view of Brexit. You are destroying the future of our country to serve ill informed voters and a cabal of self interests within your party. If you go forward with this you are, truly, an enemy of the people. take note
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
is calling for counter protests also. He also thinks people marching for their #BrexitBetrayal is fascism.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Ya know how you can mute words on twitter? I think my brain has muted the word “brexit” it’s become that numb to it
If anyone is guilty of being block pests its liberals and the FBPE lot. You only have to suggest that putin isn't behind brexit and they fold to weeping blocking topple. Tis rather amusing!
Hitler Jugend - Last days of Berlin
Oh look, the ECJ is going to pass judgment on us revoking A50 - in two weeks (normally judgments take 6 mths) before the vote in Parl; and, Lo and Behold, we probably can! All 28 judges sat (never happens). This is bullshit. Blatant Establishment manoeuvring. #Brexit
enough of this #KeepUsIn #StopBrexit
Sell it who? Half a dozen tweed clad pensioners in an Eastwood church hall?
A huge majority agree this #BRexit deal is a BAD DEAL, &amp; promised “No Deal is better than a Bad Deal”. We all now know that a #WTO #NODEAL is the only way to #LeaveEU &amp; it was always inevitable. Let’s getting planning for it now :)
MATTEO Salvini has launched another sensational attack on the EU, pinning the blame on it for Brexit and claiming Europe now needs “self-examination”.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Theresa May’s Brexit deal has achieved the impossible – greasy pole climber Michael Fallon has broken ranks - The Independent
Time will tell in Gibraltar as well as in Northern Ireland. Plus there will be no border in Gibraltar or Northern Ireland. Stop while you are ahead, Northern Ireland, Scotland and Gibraltar all voted against Brexit. UK might end up being a tiny piece of a tiny island lost at sea.
So is coming to Glasgow tomorrow I officially challenge her to a #brexit on a pole match #FearAndLoathing this Sunday I win brexit is cancelt and #indyref2 is on the cards in my corner. How bout it make this happen?
Bored of Peston talking about #brexit Instead of saying 'poorer' perhaps saying 'slightly less rich' maybe better. Peston does not get and never will. People voted leave for other reasons rather than being driven by greed like the EU.
Another lie and coverup from the Tory’s
I switched from #BBCNewsTen ITV in the last 2 years as I thought your Brexit coverage was more honest. Then the Peston slot arrived and I find myself wanting to switch back
The real reason behind the brexit backers?
Nightmare. I hope she can still believe in an Indy Scotland in next 6 months and stays!
Would the line, down which Mr Hancock dares not go, be one of credibility? I find his attitude to Dr Woollaston rather extraordinary, given that he virtually admits he's blagging. She smiles, knowingly. #PeoplesVote
Yes general election .. a resignation maybe .. I'm not understanding why Dtrump says he won't do trade deals with UK unless we do Brexit .. why's that important to him I wonder or does he just split Europe up
EU Threatens To Collapse UK Stock Market Over Brexit #BitChute #MAGA #AlexJones #Assange #KAG #conspiracy #Brexit #BrexitShambles #BrexitBetrayal #BrexitBetrayalMarch #BrexitBreakers
#isitok that even Tom Bradby is as fed up as the rest of us with the Brexit news! #lastleg #brexit #BrexitShambles #itvnews
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
GBP/USD – British pound drops on Brexit blues
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
So may now cooking a forecast to have her deal as the best and no deal as a car crash. Just how bad did a deal have to be to be worse than no deal and today she is saying brexit will be better than remaining strange coming from a remainer
Jay Solomon - 'The Global Vegetarian'? It's very 90s optimism but better that than 'beans on toast' 2019 Brexit at least...
THE UNITED KINGDOM IS BETTER THAN BEING REDUCED TO A COLONY OF THE EU!! THE DEAL IS NOT BREXIT THE DEAL IS TRAITORGATE THE TRAITORS ARE MAY AND THOSE WHO SUPPORT HER!!!
We need a People’s Vote on the final Brexit deal. Just to remind you our PM supported a vote last time #PeoplesVote #dontwanttoleave
Getting sick of the brexit talk! The country voted to leave! Doesn't matter if it was by 1 person of 1million! Just get on with it already! The quicker we're out the better!
Try as you might with all the spin and MSM propaganda in the World you cannot polish a turd......just give up and call a General Election. Many thanks....
Surely it’s not #Aprilfoolsday already?!
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
Diane Abbott says the UK would vote Leave again if there was a second referendum
Conservative MP Andrea Jenkyns Discusses Upcoming Vote On Draft 'Brexit' Deal #news
Conservative MP Andrea Jenkyns Discusses Upcoming Vote On Draft 'Brexit' Deal
Obama was talking against Brexit. Trump is saying we need the Brexit the British people voted for.
New story on NPR: Conservative MP Andrea Jenkyns Discusses Upcoming Vote On Draft 'Brexit' Deal
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
Why shouldn't the result be overturned? Everyone knows that any form of Brexit will damage the economy, cost jobs and leave everyone worse off. If you vote with the Tories, you don't deserve to be a Labour MP.
Wrong. The referendum question was not conditional on any deals being struck, so no deal / WTO Brexit very much on the ballot paper.
Someone needs to ask how much will Theresa May’s husband make out of #Brexit He is a senior executive at a $1.4tn #PeoplesVote investment fund that profits from tax avoiding companies
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
The attempts by #Labour at political point scoring on something as important for the UK as #Brexit is poor politics. It certainly puts me off from voying for them. is wrong to speak for the nation.
Theresa May is coming to Scotland and refuses media access to The National | The National #TheresaMay #BrexitReality #Brexit #BrexitDeal #MayInScotland #Scotland
Better "come out" soon, we're all waiting. Letting the Conservatives steam ahead with brexit, wrecking all round them hasn't been a good strategy. Could have spared us all the misery of the last two years by opposing brexit during the first referendum.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
Having said this though, there are well respected MPs like Michael Fallon who think the Brexit deal is 'Doomed' &amp; should be renegotiated: he suggests an extension to A50 &amp; go back to Brussels for a better deal (he says no to 2nd Ref as well):
He could probably sort out Brexit.. He don`t have to deal with people who moan all the time..
please oppose #brexit completely and unequivocally now.
Thanks to the team for a fantastic #DayInWestminster enabling important discussions with MP’s about #brexit and the importance of science and research collaborations to advance #epilepsyresearch
She prefers to call them bungs
Great idea, revoke Brexit, democracy and faith in Parliament crumbles, civil disobedience swiftly ensues. Nice work Einstein.
Keep on signing. Let's grind #Maybot &amp; her #Quitling shower down. #PeoplesVote to #StopBrexitSaveBritain &amp; #Remain #FBPE
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
The British Broadcasting Corporation will never allow Sturgeon to debate on equal terms. The 2nd biggest political party in the so called United Kingdom will not be allowed to debate. #Brexit
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
I have never met Arlene Foster but. Irish women can read and do mathematics.
I have no idea. I honestly think that calling for a GE is wrong as people dont vote at a GE on that 1 issue. He needs to make it really clear cut, deal voted down and then calls for 2nd Ref. the more he muddies water the more chance this crazy deal gets through? #Brexit
Er, the border is a legal construct. Brexit brings it no benefits and no harm. It brings benefits to the UK: more trade, lower living costs, greater equality, enhanced sovereignty
In Scotland we know is head and shoulders above the branch officers of Better Together, the UK debate would show her head and shoulders above May &amp; Corbyn and an actual vision for Scotland as an independent equal on these isles and in EU
Austerity has nothing to do with Labour leavers Brexit. Frank Field would set you right on that one. Why you feel you need to connect Tory austerity with leaving the EU? I don’t know? unless it’s because we have to find 39 billion for the EU bureaucrats and MEPs pensions.
#STAGED with ALL of the #children #FakeNews at #goodmorningbritain #GreatAwakening #UK #BREXIT #MAGA STYLE UK NOW !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Stop ignoring Brexit issue. The majority of Labour voters want you to support a people's vote with remain on the ballot. Please get on with it.
We all know that BREXIT will make Britain poorer and less influential...… but that clown in Downing Street is unable to tell the people the truth namely that if one country leaves a club of 28 it is a disaster. Boris could now admit his lies !
Devs label Brexit 'a dire threat' to UK game industry in open letter
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
If you could summarise Brexit in a single tweet..what would you say? #Brexit
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
This comes close.
Did they tell you that our are you telling them? Simple question: "Is the proposed Brexit deal better than the one that we have now?"
Troll. Blocked.
Excl: Cabinet ministers weigh up whether to urge PM to abandon meaningful vote on Brexit deal to avoid massive defeat by 200;
Keep in mind that Israel is lining up along the Lebanon border and Gaza as well, France is in revolt Germany is falling apart and Brexit is about to be betrayed. Trudeau is about to sign the migrant compact and Trump might get over thrown as President. #Dominos
That’s all Tessas fault - she should have been honest and not led us here / we don’t care what shambles anymore - we don’t care if EU crumbles or dies - we want brexit - if politicians had been honest they had 30 months/ thanks to sheer dishonesty if we sink you all sink with us
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
FFS in any other realm of life the executive of this nation would be behind bars. Wilful destruction for their own corrupt gain. #StopBrexitSaveBritain #peoplesvote #stopbrexit
One for you #Brexit
The only deal I want from brexit is for Theresa May to get lukaku out the fucking country, fat mug. #Brexit
Caroline Flint is an embarrassment to the Labour movement. Siding with extremists and giving them the rope that they will hang us with. Her Brexit is just a stepping stone.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
No it is not good news you MP's are an utter disgrace and people are sick to death with the way you have been over Brexit. Trust me when i say you will pay a heavy price for disregarding majority democracy.
You’ve just lost any respect I had for you. Utter tosh. This is pay through the nose to Remain wit less votes / influence, not Brexit. And you bloody well know it. Shame Party member
Quite. It is their no. 1 PR line. It is repeated every single time I hear a Govt spokesperson talk about Brexit, &amp; many BBC journalists also repeat it without prompting. Straight out of the Goebbels playbook.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
1. If Scotland had become independent in 2014 we’d have left the EU. 2. SNP wish to hand over our fishing to the EU’s CFP. SNP have ZERO credibility on Brexit and the EU. We are a laughing stock.
The Trilogy continues. Which part of Project Fear are we up to now folks? Episode V , VI or VII, I forget. #Brexit
Who do we listen to about future of trade after Brexit. Professional economist from CBI... or Edwin Poots. Mmmmmm now let me think..
She won't ever listen. She wants to remain. That's why she will only offer her faux Brexit. #sellout
We need to stop being so English about Brexit | Comment | The Times
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
its incredible!!! and people think brexit is still a good thing cos this man said so...
If you don’t speak any European languages apart from English or do anything to suggest any knowledge of or interest in Europe beyond Brexit, you’re supporting something you don’t understand or are bothered learning about.
A huge majority agree this #BRexit deal is a BAD DEAL, &amp; promised “No Deal is better than a Bad Deal”. We all now know that a #WTO #NODEAL is the only way to #LeaveEU &amp; it was always inevitable. Let’s getting planning for it now :)
The United States and United Kingdom are nearing an open skies aviation agreement to govern air travel after Britain exits the European Union, two government officials briefed on the matter said on Tuesday.
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
This is just wrong...
This is a taster of the arguments to expect, should there be a PV, and there is an attempt to make the ballot a choice between May's deal (as rejected by MPs), and remain. To be truly democratic, the PV ballot would have to include an option favoured by Brexiteers like Boris.
Has this been JRM’s 4 point plan? 1. Say nothing is going to happen 2. Say something may happen but we should do nothing about it 3. Say maybe we should do something about it but there’s nothing we can do 4. Say maybe there’s something we could have done but it’s too late now
To be honest I don’t care, they’re both as useless as each other #finalsayforall
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Fully agree with this, get on that panel.
German TV show ridicules Brexit saying in the end England loses via I always confuse Angela Merkel with Theresa May. Both are idiots. Merkel waaaay more tho
Impact of Brexit withdrawal agreement on health and social care examined - News from Parliament - UK Parliament via
Bravo Mike Harding! This response to Theresa May’s letter has gone viral
Brexit Plan B? It is called Bugger Brexit We know that the 2016 referendum was not conducted lawfully We know fines have been issued We know the National Crime Agency is investigating further We know #Brexit is a fraud upon the nation #BuggerBrexit
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
Delighted to see the Labour is focussing on the really important issues of the day/week/month/year/decade...If Brexit goes through, there won't be many boardrooms to worry about. THey'll all be paid in Euros in Frankfurt or Paris or Dublin.
I am taking it that "Poopsy the Unicorn" - this year's must have christmas gift for children is a Brexit metaphor. A hideous Unicorn that craps blue slime after you've bought it
Let's Make sure #ScotlandinEurope is a reality, and we'll help you.
BREAKING NEWS. PM May has appointed a new #Brexit secretary
This 'deal'is not brexit.
Italy’s Dep PM Salvini raged someone in EU “has obv done something wrong” if a country as important as Britain can exit the bloc. UK has 2nd biggest economy in Europe after Germans. Sick of being smothered! #borisjohnson #boris johnson
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
Brexit court case 'could lead to disaster', EU lawyers warn
Senior UK academics call for people’s vote to save universities
Hopefully the politicians will hold their nerve and stick to their beliefs and not let the Maybot bribe them all with Knighthoods!! How many can the lords hold by the way? #Brexit
... might be a sell out to hecklers ...
Or “Invasion of the Brexit Snatchers”. We thought Gove was still a Brexiteer but.....
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
Robin Walker. Majority 2490. #Brexit
We all know that BREXIT will make Britain poorer and less influential...… but that clown in Downing Street is unable to tell the people the truth namely that if one country leaves a club of 28 it is a disaster. Boris could now admit his lies !
New story on about #Technology &amp; #Culture: Conservative MP Andrea Jenkyns Discusses Upcoming Vote On Draft 'Brexit' Deal
Only if they kidnap him and use a really good ventriloquist…. he wants Brexit so badly that he’d join UKIP to get it
Conservative MP Andrea Jenkyns Discusses Upcoming Vote On Draft 'Brexit' Deal
Brexit deal latest: Sturgeon says May’s ’UNACCEPTABLE' deal will make Scotland ‘POORER’ In out In out shake it all about even cranky has backtracked on this shit deal.
Can any body help? I'm increasingly worried about the whereabouts of the following members of government last seen taking delivery of pizza? Gove, Leadsom, Fox, Greyling and Morduant? If you see these Brexiteers please report to #Brexit
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
Brutal little shit, Owen
Riots in France, England backing out of Brexit, GM laying off 15,000 workers. Capitalism is falling apart.
Forced to admit a crime they didn’t commit? #Ukrainian sailors in #Russian custody. As fears of war remain. Plus, in #London they asked today: Where is #MarkZuckerberg? The answer with on #TheDay #brexit #Facebook...
It’s being reported that the Government is not going to publish its full legal advice on the backstop. Entirely in keeping with the duplicitous way the PM has conducted #Brexit. Secretive, using civil servants to bypass Ministers, briefings, disingenuous claims, project fear.
If the Appeaser is happy to run with a Withdrawal Agreement that everyone says Is much worse than Remaining in the EU and doesn’t give us a real Brexit. Why doesn’t she want to go to WTO which WOULD give us Brexit but would cost us economically in the short term?? Time for WTO.
No deal Brexit wasn't slapped on the side of a bus crammed with Tory liars. High time this was ended with a #peoplesvote.
It will be funny watching how #corbyn explain how he would have negotiated a better deal when his grasp of detail makes look encyclopaedic. He can't even organise rules on anti-semitism without looking vacilatory
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
Role of languages in post- Brexit era!
Pathetic is Brexiteer vs Brexiteer #StitchUp - #Kipperish
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
Scotland's FM shut out of live debate....must be terrifying for may or she has something to hide, if not why not agree.
Deluded of Camelot ...
Hancock looks as if he doesn't believe a word he is saying
nasty racism tormented black footballers before Brexit,Gordon brown called an old woman racist before Brexit was invented,unfortunately it’s always been here it’s nothing to do with Brexit. Brexit is a general term,you seem to be assuming leavers are racist and remainers are not
Conservative MP Andrea Jenkyns Discusses Upcoming Vote On Draft 'Brexit' Deal
In life i turn a negative into a positive, in politics #Brexit #journalists and #MPs turn positives into negatives .
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
With the Brexit deal vote scheduled for December 11th, our forecast now has just 217 MPs in favour of the deal as support continues to wane: FOR THE DEAL: 217 (-7) Mostly for: 1 (-) Toss-up: 3 (+1) Mostly against: 3 (-) AGAINST THE DEAL: 415 (+6)
Yes; the commitment to spend more on NHS only came after the Brexit vote, when it was clear that we could leave the EU and save tens of millions a DAY in membership fees - the budget is subject to amendment if we don't Leave though, as Chancellor said on the day.
Fkn doughball get a real job!!
This is a good thing?? Christopher you like the idea of a no deal Brexit..?! come on..!!
Subscribe Here to get a few chapters for FREE from the book Please #RT #gold #silver #stocks #trading #trades #markets #Investing #today #rich #education #hope #dreams #Giveaway #free #positivity #focus #goals #life #money #success #fun #levelup #brexit
Brexit deal shows rationality ruled emotion - Global Times "It aint all over until the fat lady sings"
Conservative MP Andrea Jenkyns Discusses Upcoming Vote On Draft 'Brexit' Deal
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
Simple. Theresa May nor BBC want anti-brexit opinion exposed to their audience.
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
#Cornwall councillors are voting on whether to back a #PeoplesVote on #Brexit. Make sure you let your local councillors know how you feel before they debate the motion on Tuesday 4 December. Find them here:
Carole Cadwalladr wins Foreign Press award for Trump and Brexit work | Media | The Guardian
No long term planning. No short term planning. Utterly clueless. We need a government.
But we can easily establish the facts, why don't I come to Yeovil and we can have a public debate on your preferred version of Brexit and mine. What do you say? Maybe can be the adjudicator?
I think should do an advert Brexit style like his sky sports ad ...football....football....
Strangely, none of these voters appear to use twitter.. #skypapers #Brexit
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
Jesus.
EXACTAFUCKINGMUNDO
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
I had a trip abroad to three countries in one fell swoop, as opposed to an exchange, but we'll go with it: France, Germany and Luxembourg - I believe this is the best Brexit deal. I truly BELIEVE it.
A vote on this but not on #Brexit I wonder why you don’t want a #PeoplesVote
“We’ve hit the iceberg, the ship is sinking, but Number 10 are rearranging the deck chairs.” Sums up May's Government.
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
Are you insane ? "a deal all Tories can support"! You and are actually doing the opposite: you are on the verge of destroying the conservative party. The deal with its backstop is simply not acceptable. #EU #Brexit
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
´The State We Are In': Part Two
U.S. near aviation agreement with post-Brexit UK: sources #news
I wonder in the fog of war nostalgia how many people ever reflect that evacuees were essentially refugees too. My lovely father in law who voted Brexit (bah) was one such. I wonder if he's ever made that connection.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Should we as voters of the UK now decide if the PMs #BrexitDeal is the way forward to leave the EU? Is my MP ask me if it’s the wright deal before he votes? #Brexit #vote
No brexit without fully informed consent - act act act
BBC Scotland’s political editor under fire after news report pokes fun at FM’s Brexit press conference
A #Brexidiot supporting the withdrawal of the rights of 1.4 million UK citizens because they favor freedom from mythical EU cabbage regulations. You cannot make this up. The UK is ruled by morons, but that’s because UK morons voted them in.
and they accuse of "doing nothing to stop Brexit"? Good grief what do they want? Pistols at dawn?
QE has been prevalent since 2009, it's purpose is to help the economy recover from the crash and the majority of it was spent before brexit vote. £ hasn't crashed it's dropped 12% against euro since 2015, when the IMF said it was overvalued by 15%, it's just balancing out.
Translated as: We can’t hold one
I just demanded that the broadcasters promise fair representation in the TV Brexit debates. I think the public should hear from anti-Brexit voices as well as Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn. Add your name to 's petition:
Easy part over for May as she reaches Brexit agreement with EU via
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
Only a matter of time that all the major parties lose the faith of those loyal. #UKIP has failed to stay with it's roots, instead it's being dragged towards hate and distrust. set a course to unite of which its succeeding and will ultimately lead the battle for #Brexit
Fintan O’Toole: The bad ship Brexit needs a skilful mutiny
We all know that BREXIT will make Britain poorer and less influential...… but that clown in Downing Street is unable to tell the people the truth namely that if one country leaves a club of 28 it is a disaster. Boris could now admit his lies !
The PM has achieved so much creating a deal all Tories can support. After two years of intense negotiations this deal delivers the Brexit objectives my Redditch constituents voted for.
Reports on Brexit tell us the worst about May's deal
So how can it be meaningful?
This is outrageous.
I genuinely love the fact one of the scenarios being war-gamed is basically ‘What do we say if someone asks what Liam Fox has been up to?’
Yes to a democratic federal union, powerful, accountable, modern, evidence based, and using the subsidiarity principle &amp; a senate of the states to vouchsafe the survival &amp; prestige of nations within a greater whole. No to #Brexit as orchestrated by Russia &amp; Tax Dodge Chloë.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
This is 100% right. Can't be left to May and Corbyn - two of the most useless leaders in the history of British politics. It is up to the media to campaign against this not just Brexiteers. #Brexit
EU Threatens To Collapse UK Stock Market Over Brexit #BitChute
please #RT asap #economics #SPX #trading #options #brexit #Italexit #GRExit #stocks #markets #Motivation #today #SundayThoughts
There will be a settling of all scores and weasels like Gove will get his just rewards.
As a young person I feel my future is more open and free thanks to the prospect of Brexit. So instead of generalising me and my generation why don’t you just deal with the fact we, including young people, voted to leave the European Union
Brexit Case at EU Court May Open Pandora's Box, Lawyer Says
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
BBC Scotland’s political editor under fire after news report pokes fun at FM’s Brexit press conference
Careful what you wish for, Ron. Trump is not a person. He's a symbol. Destroying Trump would be like destroying Brexit. It would take out the political system, too. Trump, like Brexit, is millions of people's last hope that the political system can work for them. One last chance.
Nothing in life is irreversible. Not even Brexit! Former Prime Minister of Belgium and European Council president Herman Van Rompuy .
Theresa May accused of 'dangerous' Brexit cover-up as she blocks full publication of legal advice on her deal via
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
Reports on Brexit tell us the worst about May's deal
Absolutely beautiful - and all so true. Please read and RT....
'People were sold a lie': Ruthin restless over May's Brexit deal #NEWS
A Brexit without a deal, and a continuation of a Tory government would be the death knell of the NHS. There is no doubt that Trump, as part of any trade deal with the UK, would insist on the opening up of NHS contracts to multiple USA bidders. And a Tory government would cave in.
A Brexit with no deal makes the need for a labour government even more imperative than it already is. Labour will NEVER surrender our NHS.
“British citizens simply said ‘the world you are offering us is no longer for us, we can't figure it out. We work hard but don't see any prospects, we can't build projects for our children, we live less well: it’s for the City but not for us any more.’"
Well, would you look at that? Another on the Brexit BS Bandwagon that can't even answer a point about their own campaign for the last 40 years to destroy Britain's relationship with their closest trading partner.
This fantastic response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
That is what may affect US business
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
The women’s an idiot. #MayMustGoNow
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
Gary gives opinion on Brexit Trolls: STICK TO FOOTBALL Gary gives opinion on football Trolls: Keep your football opinions to yourself!! Tossers!!
What are you so scared of - I am still waiting for your reply sent to you by letter. #ColdFeet
I’ve got the full legal advice right here - it’s one piece of A4 with the words ‘shit show’ written all over it in size 8 font. #BrexitShambles
Brexit: Is 'rolling over' on deal? Maybe she's eventually decided to save the tiny bit of political dignity she's got left and take responsibility of her catastrophic actions regarding the Brexit!
PSA award winners: Lammy, Cadwalladr, and Barnier (presented by 'fuck the Tories' Jon Snow) - good to see the PSA are taking Brexit well.
Also, #DavidCameron began the #Brexit debate w/ #BarakObama's coercive 'back of the queue comment' (true in fact, but for diff. reasons). So, in such light, absent out institutional corruption, both May &amp; Cameron cld. be vulnerable to prosctn. for Misconduct in Publ. Office.
Bollocks. Farage had to cancel at least one event, and downsize another due to poor ticket sales. He fled back to the UK with his tail between his legs, and this was MONTHS ago, long before May released the details of her Brexit plan.
If you kind of new to James. He is a good listen. But could make Jesus Christ him self swear. I'm a bigger man than him. Can forget. I will try again tomorrow to get to talk to him about Brexit. If he lets me. Jon from Wirral is the call sign lol
But we can imagine that the full legal advice was simply "Don't do this" in legalese.
Society is progressing, but short term there are set backs. Brexit has unleashed a wave of unpleasantness and the Trump administration is stirring up a fear of foreigners and racism.
I agree. Over time, we will increase trade with others. Anyone with sense will realise why the UK feels they have to subsume the Scottish brand. Other countries already admire our Brexit stance. Already admire what we’ve done &amp; doing. Unlike some ignorant people who live here!
Once again Corbyn fails to understand what's going on. Any debate on the state of this country apart from brexit he should be able wipe the floor with Theresa May. But with Brexit I fear she will get the upper hand.
Really? And what's their excuse for when they grow up? You done refusing to face reality? It's nice when you have that option, isn't it? Bet that kid would like to be able to do that too.
But what is needed now above all else is leadership, which is spectacularly lacking at the moment. Brexit is a project driven by the hard right, won with dirty money, dirty tricks and down right criminal behavior. The failure of political leaders to stand up to that is a disgrace
PM heading to Scotland tomorrow as part of tour to try and win support for her Brexit deal. Will argue deal good for trade and jobs and promise a “robust” defence of fishing communities in trade talks.
Common sense no-bullshit British don't follow frauds like con-president -troll or (further declined) FAUX News, so they consistently don't/won't endorse (when properly informed) blatant frauds like "brexit" either and that whole insanity (brexit) will be canceled
Important!!
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
EU elite have start fund legal action against For his outstanding position on the bad deal with regard to Brexit. For the information they will not be successful nor prevail. The Standard is if God be for us who can be against us? Bo Jo more grease to your elbow
Great work! Thanks
New story on NPR: Conservative MP Andrea Jenkyns Discusses Upcoming Vote On Draft 'Brexit' Deal
How great that David Lammy wins Politician of the YearAward #PSAAwards Go and how great to hear him an hour before speak of the utter silence coming from Labour front bench on the corruption surrounding Brexit. And the influence of Russia
and after two years we still don’t know how Corbyn opposing Brexit stops Brexit
Not as much certainty and stability as remaining
As an Irishman I'd like to see Boris as PM and leading the Brexit deal. We need cheering up
#NorwayPlus debunked. There's no Brexit to be had that givers us as much control as staying in #FinalSay
Democracy: You've got to be able to beat the people who govern you. Tony Benn
That's a laugh, I've just watched last Sunday's Marr show and he certainly didn't advocate a second referendum for the "clean" Brexit. We only need to vote LEAVE once!
Update on the chaos of Brexit. #mpol385
Now May has stuffed brexit up Corbyn and Abbott will be in power then the shit will really hit the fan
I hope karma hits this scumbag hard, racist knobend
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
Meanwhile, BBC Scotland was spreading the extensive lies of propaganda with the help of Jackie Bird and . Both were responsible for improper information on Brexit that later destroyed BBC Scotland news.
I think you miss my point. It seems that JC wants to use the time to argue policy with May, and not involve all aspects of the 'Brexit' debate. That's understandable, but I agree with you, the issue is 'Brexit', so it needs to be dealt with in the round, including it's abortion.
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
Theresa May accused of 'dangerous' Brexit cover-up as she blocks full publication of legal advice on her deal
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
One of the advantages of brexit is that we can bring back pounds, shillings and pence.
This feels significant.
Last year Theresa May made this pledge to kill off more innocent people. This listing of hers was also discovered in her Brexit plan but had completely denied this. But the pressure continued to go against her in her favor.
She’s trying refight old lost battles. Firstly by using Brexit solely to rectify her failure to control immigration, secondly her inability to face up to a debate during the GE. She has to have all the cards in her favour, reckoning now that she can bully Corbyn with detail.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
This was interesting from week before last
What concerns me about public opinion is how many people interviewed on the news basically say they'll back it just because they're bored of hearing about Brexit. That's a terrible situation, and makes me wonder whether any People's Vote would actually be a worse situ #Brexit
This is NOT a withdrawal agreement it is more akin to a re-join agreement. Leaving us in a far worse position than before we voted to leave. It is a disgrace.
I hope he joins the . Go on give the greens a boost.
The EU court. Meh. #Brexit is law. 29/03/19. 121 days. Ooh a little #ProjectFear. House prices now. Laughable. Independence *AND* lower house prices. Perfect.
It was fantastic to see so many businesses down at Hack last Thursday thanks for organising such a fantastic event
Theresa May accused of 'dangerous' Brexit cover-up as she blocks full publication of legal advice on her deal via
Corbyn is the UK's biggest tory. Totally detestable. #workingclassvoice #BrexitisDead
The British people may not be stupid, but you are. #takethedeal
Brexit isn't project fear, its project stupid.
The quickest way to get Brexit over is to go for the no deal/WTO option, then we’ll be free on 29/3/19. Otherwise, we’ll be continuing to negotiate with the EU through transition (2 years) possible extension of transition (a further 2 years) &amp; possible indefinite backstop.
New: Conservative MP Andrea Jenkyns Discusses Upcoming Vote On Draft 'Brexit' Deal
This is the guy who sold the UK on Brexit? Man, they are screwed worse than we are.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
With the Brexit deal vote scheduled for December 11th, we now estimate that just 217 MPs are in favour of the deal, as support continues to wane: FOR THE DEAL: 217 (-7) Mostly for: 1 (-) Toss-up: 3 (+1) Mostly against: 3 (-) AGAINST THE DEAL: 415 (+6)
Stop trying to fool 17.4 million people into believing that May's fake Brexit is anything like Leave. You cannot surrender this country to the EU. You're insane
So bored of listening to Theresa May’s Brexit shit. #shutup #BrexitShambles
BBC Scotland’s political editor under fire after news report pokes fun at FM’s Brexit press conference
Awful!
You have to fetch #Brexit into your domestic problems. You arrogant man. You worry about what's happening in France. Brexiteers want no deal, cliff edge. Then if you want to deal ? Come and talk to us.
Norwich party leaders could press MPs for Brexit vote
If #Brexit is seeing as a #nastydivorce between The UK and EU, then #NorthernIreland and #Gibraltar look like 2 children whose future wellbeing should be well taken care of. Perhaps should get #emancipated and their local governments negotiate what's best scenario for each one?
Gapes can, why don't you?
i think you will find him and party abstaining hence allowing the brexit deal the go through the commons
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
The May/Corbyn TV #brexit debate - should he say, "if you strike me down, I will become more powerful than you can possibly imagine", he's got my vote. More likely, it'll be, "Luke, you're going to find that many of the truths we cling to depend greatly on our own point of view"
And you think jumping ship at the party's most difficult time isn't "damaging the Brexit cause"? If you now disagree with what UKIP stands for you should resign the seat the voters of that party gave you, turncoat.
does the government understand parliamentary sovereignty or
I know you’re busy with Brexit but please watch #school on #bbc2 and do something about the crisis in our education system!!! Maybe have a quick look at the NHS too.
And then completely ignored them and there views Will you not face facts your deal is dead as is your career
Labour have never been good at maths have they?
Brexit has been designed to fail when put to the commons. It's the perfect result for Theresa . She has all the excuses in the world. She won't lose face. She tried an impossible thing. Don't be fooled this will fail. Look for a No Brexit not a No deal
People need to truly tell May what they think of her fake Brexit
BAe Systems and some small manufacturer where the owner is Pro Brexit I'd wager
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
Wait til you see the 1) Ukrainian slide (on fire) 2) Brexit slide (stripped for scrap then sold to Worldcorp Inc (NY))
Brexit is not going far enough. Let's move the country geographically out or europe. I want to be so far away I can no longer smell the French
With parliament vote in doubt, PM tours UK to drum up support for Brexit deal
tonight at 7pm 38 Degrees is talking about Brexit and what it means for immigration. We'll be joined by academic and commentator Professor Jonathan Portes.…
And why did this only get elevated attention after all the Brexit panic?
China threatens US with dire consequences following Trump comments to raise tariffs on Chinese imports into USA ahead of Trump XI talks in G20. Dow and Nasdaq could enter into bear markets territory as TradeWar, #brexit, #fed rate hikes, #powell talks weigh in
Not small issues hard brexit in March no computer systems set up will have to be done on paper. EU would let’s us suffer for a few weeks before allowing re-entry.
Theresa May to make case for Brexit agreement in visit to Scotland
200? Do I hear 200? The man at the back with the blue shirt, thank you.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
you messed up you're a legend for brexit but you're done now after the tommy jibes, cya mate.
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
British PM Theresa May swerves questions on whether Sinn Féin MPs should take Westminster seats to back Brexit deal
New story on NPR: Conservative MP Andrea Jenkyns Discusses Upcoming Vote On Draft 'Brexit' Deal
Brexit isn't the only shambles to be laid at the Tory door
May's "Brexit" is a con. A real Brexit hasn't been discussed even tho the country for it.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
If you could put in a word for #Occitan as official post-Brexit language of communication with EU, would be much obliged. #Plantagenets
#piecrustpromise love the fact the guy being interviewed on just quoted Mary Poppins? Says it all about the ridiculous state of #brexit
Good!
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
How has Brexit been helpful? It’s the most Devisive , disruptive, dangerous thing to have happened to our Country, in my lifetime.
#US Donald Trump offered #UK Theresa May trade deal four months ago, but she rejected him, former minister claims' So much for the unique #Brexit Deal its a fecking surrender
Our establishment underinvests in worrying about the draft Brexit tr….
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
This speech from today sums him &amp; #brexit up. #peoplesvote
Theresa May coming to Scotland to sell us on the brexit deal will be like yer maw losing her shit at you no liking the same stuff as your siblings to eat. 'look.. ye'll huv the same Brexit as everycunt else.. am no staunin here making 3 fuckin brexits'
For you it wasn’t about economics. For others it was all about economics - NHS cash, trade deals, EU regulatory shackles, etc. For others it was immigration. Is this really the sunlit uplands we were promised.? Brexit isn’t inevitable. The mature response is to think again.
The epitome of a smug c**t!
I bet it was brandy. Current state of Brexit is driving many of us to find solace in a bottle!
U.S. near aviation agreement with post-Brexit UK - sources via #breakingnews #news
More fake news from mainstream journalists trying to influence Brexit via
Let here come to Scotland to 'beg' she might just find out what a 'hostile enviroment' feels like. #Brexit
Today´s popular topics in Eurozine: #Ukraine #Archaeology #Borders #Brexit Eurozine is a network of European cultural journals and an online magazine which publishes articles from its partner journals with additional translations.
Hand it over if you’re so keen on telling us what the British people want then give us the legal advice so we can agree or not
But again, why bother with two people both wanting brexit and the same things post brexit. Surely there should be a pro EU voice to debate
No wonder our country is in shit order over brexit ffs!
'Brexit Deal' over 'City opposes new laws' Swiss Democracy Sunday, almost two-thirds of Swiss voters approved the use of private investigators by public and private insurance companies to catch fraudsters.They will be able to do this anywhere in public and without authorisation.
Great interview on with spokesman from Ulster Seafoods describing 's promises as being "like pie crusts." On the day of the vote he said fishermen were filled with hope and now its despair. Not all NI businesses are behind her #Brexit deal. #MayMustGo
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
Brexit: Brussels leads charge to poach UK business from City of London | UK | News |
Project Fear No. 3 begins in anticipation of donkey deal going down:
A huge majority agree this #BRexit deal is a BAD DEAL, &amp; promised “No Deal is better than a Bad Deal”. We all now know that a #WTO #NODEAL is the only way to #LeaveEU &amp; it was always inevitable. Let’s getting planning for it now :)
. proving once again that she is #WeakAndWobbly not #StrongAndStable . How can anyone believe this woman can stand up for UK when she is too chicken to stand up for herself?
Petition: Grant a People's Vote if Parliament rejects the EU Withdrawal Agreement Remember, a #PeoplesVote isn't a second referendum. Brexit is happening whether we like it or not, but we can at least try to mitigate the damage.
MAY TO BLOCK PUBLICATION OF FULL BREXIT LEGAL ADVICE: TELEGRAPH
George and Mildred Brexit is descending into farce. All we need is cameos from Boris and Nadine as Terry and June and we’ll be full Alan Ayckbourn.
Send this to your MP if you agree. You will soon vote on Mays Brexit.
Cambridge Analytica: former British intelligence agents who were part of MI5 and MI6, and long before its controversial roles in the 2016 Brexit vote and U.S. presidential election, they also influenced elections in Africa.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
I would like to see Theresa 'Brexit is Brexit' Kitten Heels May debate against Theresa 'Suck My Surrender Instrument' Maytrix. Diabetic opposites. Better still, celebrity death match followed by execution of the winner. I would buy a telly for that.
Stand down as pm and let a someone who believes in Brexit take your place as PM
Brexit plan will put an end to ‘slipper farming’
Conservative MP Andrea Jenkyns Discusses Upcoming Vote On Draft 'Brexit' Deal
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
you voted for brexit, didn’t you Janet.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
fucking fuck brexit, my dudes.
Attempt to woo Labour MPs backfires as they say Downing Street 'treated us like idiots' during Brexit briefing via
It would hardly be surprising! Bribery may help answer the reason for there original #Brexit stance before the referendum especially with their near £300k Newspaper ad. In London!!!!! Foster condemns ‘offensive’ talk of ‘bribe’ for DUP support of Brexit
Write to your MP today to tell them you're #NotBuyingIt. No one wants this dodgy #Brexit deal. Demand a #PeoplesVote:
Basically a form of dictatorship is how Maybot runs the UK - Judges, MPs, anyone who disagrees with Maybot, trying to stop A50 ruling, trying to stop MPs viewing the Legal advice on Maybot Brexit deal. what next??
Shall I say it? “NOTHING HAS CHANGED!” #nothinghaschanged #brexit
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Sir Edward Percy Keswick Weatherall
May: 'No one knows what happens if MPs reject Brexit deal'
Trying to engage two respected Labour colleagues in this deal - let’s not - whatever the party differences - run the risk of letting a small minority of MPs drive us no deal, when the vast majority of parliament wants a sensible pragmatic Brexit deal.
do I understand English irony? The Scotsman being able to say " We Got FM In To Debate Brexit" Will that be it's final gasp? ach!
This response to Theresa May’s letter has gone viral
Wonderful.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
Are we not the 5th biggest economy in the world? First of all we need to stop this brexit nonsense - the biggest contribution to tax is finance - Brexit is destroying that, we need to regulate and protect
Shit a brick: doctors swallow Lego to allay parents' fears "They developed their own metrics: the Stool Hardness and Transit (Shat) score and the Found and Retrieved Time (Fart) score." A lighter article, betwixt all the #Brexit crap :)
Liam Fox sold his soul to America years ago
Any future leadership candidate for the must commit to publishing this advice, regardless of the upcoming vote on the withdrawal deal. Inexcusable arrogance from the PM
Here is the Prime Minister a few months ago saying the backstop threatens the Union &amp; no British PM would ever sign up to it....she cannot be trusted. Paragraph 50 guaranteeing the Northern Ireland Assembly a role also removed #Brexit
surly all in the question? Option 1. Press to cancel Christmas to trade for a second #brexit vote. Or option 2. Press to get a better Christmas and get a new #BrexitDeal vote !
Assuming by 'Europe', this means the EU: they will when they have to pay for it.
please resign. You are killing this country. #Brexit
Two parties with same brexit outlook is not a debate it's a discussion between friends #DissolveTheUnion
I can never condone the Iraq war. Nor can I condone JCs lack of leadeship regarding the people's vote. People can shout war criminal as loud as they want. It might be true. When it comes to the need of the British people TB has their interest at heart unlike JC a Brexiteer.
No Nicky this is a bad deal for this country. Parliament is split it should go back to the people for a #PeoplesVote the only democratic way to settle this mess
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
Wednesday's front page: "Brexit deal will cost us £9bn, says " #Brexit #BBCpapers #scotpapers #Buyapaper #Tomorrowspaperstoday READ MORE:
That's not very brexit of him.
Concerns are raised as Theresa May introduces her latest Brexit secretary.
Allie, I have invited Marcus to debate me on his preferred version of brexit to mine. As I am "delusional" should be a walk in the park for him. What do you reckon. Though he may need to understand we are already members of the EEA, which until yesterday evening he didn't know.
I just demanded that the broadcasters promise fair representation in the TV Brexit debates. I think the public should hear from anti-Brexit voices as well as Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn. Add your name to 's petition:
Sajid Javid wants a ship so he can people smuggle illegal migrant invaders into the UK.
What an incredible moment to be interested in politics, we could be on a major constitutional collision course!
How will we be trading after departure from the EU, Ruth?
BBC Scotland’s political editor under fire after news report pokes fun at FM’s Brexit press conference
If you’re a Lifeguard in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a misery for you. If you live in Wales then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this disaster! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Common sense no-bullshit British don't follow frauds like con-president -troll or (further declined) FAUX News, so they consistently don't/won't endorse (when properly informed) blatant frauds like "brexit" either and that whole insanity (brexit) will be canceled.
The EU needs a competitor. If we cancel Brexit, the EU will see it as a vote for full steam ahead political and economic union. We need to join EFTA and encourage others to join a purely economic European Union of sovereign states. The EU is beyond reform.
Are Brexiters now turning to a philosophical indeed existential argument for Brexit…? We can debate the natures of truth and fallacy, or we can read the treaties that apply to the UK and its international relations and therein are most of the answers…
Freudian typo in "making life very hard for one of the United States’ closet allies"? Old-time closest allies may indeed feel like being in a closet. #Politics
Which real Brexit opposition? Cable didn't turn up for an important Brexit vote, and neither did Farron who was off making anti gay speeches at £5 per head. LibDems will never be trusted again after going into coalition with the Tories and enabling their austerity.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
all Brexit and independence. Just watched BBC 10 o’clock news article on drug abuse in Scotland. Dundee worst in Europe! Shocking state of affairs. Perhaps other priorities need addressing!
Hang on we've had a brexit referendum the people voted to leave the EU as in exit the EU so Theresa May is busy running around the country trying to get unions and businesses to agree to her remain in the EU. does she really hate the working class and brexit voters that much?
The latest The Child of the 90's Daily! Thanks to #imaceleb #brexit
One thing for sure, if Corbyn ever gets in power and destroys this country, you will be high up on the list of people who helped him!
it has been a long time coming, Cameron was just wet behind the ears
Conservative MP Andrea Jenkyns Discusses Upcoming Vote On Draft 'Brexit' Deal
I just demanded that the broadcasters promise fair representation in the TV Brexit debates. I think the public should hear from anti-Brexit voices as well as Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn. Add your name to 's petition:
Think of what this poor boy has been through in his life in Syria and now he is abused in racist Brexit Britain
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
Well one thing we’ve learned from Brexit non of the politicians that were nominated as leader are brexiteers. Why are the five still in cabinet? Because they love money and expenses before country.
So - another cut in public services, more borrowing, and even longer to reduce our debt. Brexit deal could cut UK economy by 5.5% - study
Fishing would be defended by a Scottish Government with international autonomy to either renegotiate CFP membership or international trade negotiations
They should un-retire the “Keep Calm and Carry On” posters they didn’t need during the war. In the meantime I’m deciding whether it’ll be bad enough to need to put tinned ham in my brexit box.
Westminster must approve any second independence referendum, something that is highly unlikely. desperation and using Brexit as political leverage. They’d still be chasing Indyref 2 if UK remained in EU.
Revealed: how US billionaire helped to back Brexit | Politics | The Guardian
Dustin Lance Black explains why Brexit is “concerning” for LGBTQ people
Self sufficient and worked all my life. Grateful to the EU for making Great Britain prosperous. Patriotic to the core. Save Britain STOP BREXIT.
Absolute Lunacy. Brexit Deal art. 101 and art. 104 via
Have you considered "that's the way we brexit" "french brexiting in the uk" and "bigmouth brexits again"- of course you have! Cheers johnny and please consider a foray north again, what about the glasgow comedy festival in march 19?
You think it’s ‘pragmatic’ to cede control of our country forever? You’re utterly deluded. What your rancid deal means is endless fighting over Brexit for a generation. Bad will to EU countries that cooked this up and the end of the Tory party
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
Theresa May touring the UK to "sell her brexit deal" just sounds like she's getting a head start for a general election in the new year
Trade unions with workers' welfare at heart support #FinalSay #PeoplesVote cc (who ought)
I’m on Five Live’s Up All night later talking about why the PM may have dressed up like Mary Poppins yesterday...but will still need more than a spoonful of sugar to make the Brexit deal go down well!
Breaking news:
PM's new Brexit mantra: everything is agreed although nothing is agreed | John Crace
PM's new Brexit mantra: everything is agreed although nothing is agreed | John Crace
I just demanded that the broadcasters promise fair representation in the TV Brexit debates. I think the public should hear from anti-Brexit voices as well as Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn. Add your name to 's petition:
Agreed.
DT PhilWilsonMP: RT People's Vote UK: It's official: there is no upside to Brexit. WATCH the promises of Brexiters trade deals with the US crumble away as D…
Who would you replace her with? There is a majority for nothing as far as Brexit goes. No one can win a vote- it'll be Too hard, Too soft or Too centrist for two thirds of mps in any scenario. Churchill couldn't bring this lot together.
#BREXIT Brexit - Quote of the Day
I would just love to pour a bucket of freezing cold water over Corbyn’s thick, sanctimonious, head, in the hope of waking him up to the realities of the UK’s Brexit predicament.
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
When it comes to broadcasters REFUSING to include the FM, as the leader of the 2nd biggest party in Westminster by membership, in the brexit debate, which we have had ZERO say and input into, they have signed up to US being part of England. Sky , yer oan post indy notice.
Circular firing squad
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
Brexit: Theresa May denies 'rolling over' on deal I voted remain. The majority voted leave; so be it. 18 months of negotiations has taken place and s deal agreed. Who outside the team knew the details; why have those on the sidelines made up their minds
Forget May v Corbyn, This Is The Brexit TV Debate We SHOULD See
Survation Brexit poll Should MP's back the withdrawal deal? Yes 41% No 38% Would staying in the EU be a humiliation for Britain? Yes 47% No 24%
No. They aren't. #brexit Only MEP's are elected &amp; they have no power whatsoever. Ministers &amp; Commisuoners are not elected. They are appointed. The EC is where the power is &amp; as told to you, they act for #eu objectives. NOT member states.
Theresa May has been going blue in the face, telling us her Brexit deal is the best possible. Now we have two independent reports suggesting it is not.
As an active member of the LP I urge you to remain loyal, to back the leader WE elected, protect jobs and human rights and vote against May's Brexit deal.
Brexit means Brexit I’m afraid
This 'key element' does nothing but tell us all we need to know about .
Not one single poll predicted #Brexit. Never trust Polls , always designed by those in power to influence public opinion
CEO of Harald Krueger says of #Brexit that the “compromise on the table is something I can clearly support.” Says that without EU customs agreement BMW production in UK (Mini) “would not be sustainable”.
Brexit is a dreadful thing - I agree. We're going to be much worse off if it continues.
It’s bad enough now...
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
I other words, if you dislike "Fake NEWS" . Stop whateveryas are doing &amp; step outside our tiny little brainwashed minds. &amp; with a little help from others all will become clear..? The U.K. CONservative GOV are constant liars. Here's an example of what can be revealed #truth
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
The £350 million figure us a lie. Its not an accurate figure either for our gross or net contribution. The implicatiom that there is a brexit dividend is a lie. There is a net cost to the treasury of brexit. If there is no dividend you can spend it on anything. Another lie.
. . I was right. #toldyouso Fresh row looms as No 10 refuses to publish full #Brexit legal advice
With the results of the #parliamentary vote on december 12 on the #BrexitDeal at odds this could become a hugely important step for the #UK to prevent total #BrexitChaos #BrexitWTO
Is Google saying that support for Brexit is largely from Daily Express readers?
Whatever happens with Brexit our politics will never be fixed until the Marrs and Humphrys and Dimblebys are are finally put out of our misery &gt; Dimbleby in line to host BBC election night if there is snap poll | Media | The Guardian
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
Let's ban or huge tariffs on Dyson vacuum cleaners The shit who owns this company is idiotically pro brexit. Needs to be taught a lesson. EU ban the products and protect EU manufacturers
let me make is absolutely clear. You are my MP. I support Brexit proper not this May sham. I implore you to vote it down and support a no deal exit. Leave Means leave not remain by another name.
I just published Brexit: Forget a second referendum, Parliament can and should act to end this NOW
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
What do you say to your constituents who voted for Brexit ? Being one of your constituents I'm interested to know if you represent me or not.
Send them back directly to 10 Downing Street, with a Bollocks to Brexit sticker on.
So Northern Irelands 60sv government didn't need to gerrymander anything SF would never have representing anyone...funny how history repeats itself No representation at Westminster No representation at Stormont No imput on Brexit Mary lou more in Northern Ireland than ROI
There’s no upside to Brexit.
BBC of course have their opinion. Biased, what a surprise . . .
Blimey - advice on not to stock up on medicines ahead of #Brexit.
More public disrespect &amp; open contempt for Scotland where every single constituency voted to remain in the EU. This is no union, it’s an attack on democracy. #DissolveTheUnion No 10 tries to keep Sturgeon off televised Brexit debate | News | The Times
Says man who cpuldn’t manage to avoid paying his tax without balls-ing it up.
Any chance of banning this clown. He is an embarrassment to mufc. #mufc #Mourinho #UEFA #ChampionsLeague #mcfc #efc #LFC #moron #Brexit #TRUMP #MUNYB #MUFCYB
Follow the data: does a legal document link Brexit campaigns to US billionaire? | Technology | The Guardian
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
There have already been shortages of medtronic sensors (hurricane damaged factory) and pump supplies (unknown cause) recently even without Brexit. Just because you arent personally affected doesnt mean you get to pretend it is all scaremongering.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
All i did was Brexit FC and it worked
How about a bumper sticker? "I'd go faster but I'm behind the Brexit deal."
May heads to Scotland as Brexit deal founders in Westminster
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
Trump calls May's Brexit accord 'a great deal for the EU' via #news
Someone call his nurse, he's got out again...
democracy....?
Trump’s Brexit bomb is a brutal reminder that May’s work has barely started | Gaby Hinsliff
thoughts on may's brexit deal? — Better than nothing but worse than what we had
Another deluded very dangerous Muppet on steroids.
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
Conservative MP Andrea Jenkyns Discusses Upcoming Vote On Draft 'Brexit' Deal
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
When all this Brexit bollox is finally done and dusted, assuming we do actually get to leave. We the people must demand a better, more balanced media. Their facilitation of the attempts to thwart the will of the people has been disgusting.
Haha - it is. TBH one of the biggest problems we have is the party system - it isnt healthy in a FPTP system. And with Brexit cutting across party lines it seems even more out of place!
My impression has been they've always known this, it's more about public opinion than the law, hence needing people to not want Brexit rather than an elite not wanting it
I'll repeat this again: if at this point in #BrexitDeal chaos you are trying to score party political points instead of setting aside differences to do anything it takes to stop Brexit, you are lowest of the low. This isn't a normal situation. It is an emergency.
Pre-#Referendum r/wing press ran deluge of ‘immigrants risking lives to get to #UK’ stories. #Brexit announced -no stories -problem gone. Now #PeoplesVote’s possible stories reappear. Europeans with jobs leave; others so desperate to come they risk crossing Channel in a tin bath
Government holding Parliament in contempt
Transition period like Brexit would be in place. That’s when you negotiate the EU deal with the advantage that Sco is actually pro EU and would want to stay in SM and CU.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
So Scotland has £1500 more spent per head as part of uk. And she wants to lose that but not £1600 brexit might could lose us
#Brexit #TMay something not right about the whole facade.. She is doing a right cover up.
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
She is selling us out!!..and the TORY party should be ashamed for failing to oust her before she does even more damage!!..Enough of her lies!!...we the British people can see right through her!!..THIS IS NOT THE BREXIT WE VOTED FOR!!..this is NOT British democracy!. it's Treason!
Fair question though, the money talked last time
Theresa May accused of rehashing Project Fear as Treasury says UK will be £150bn worse off under no deal Brexit
Jesus, Is this what Brexit looks like?
95% of what I do politically is related to Brexit as attested by my prodigious output on and MSN and to suggest otherwise is wrong
Re-arranging the deck chairs..
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
At dinner Honour to involve in discussions with Brexit Minister Rt Hon Stephen Barclays who got very crucial role to play in next 2 weeks and time to come . Good Luck
What about #OrangeSashes
Brexit to spark 4% drop in GDP: NIESR #Brexit #economy
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
Less #brexit on Twitter more #otters please
Brexit Britain close to agreeing open skies deal with US via #Brexit #BrexitChaos
Check out this site it’s a revelation;
Brexit England!
Theresa May says: It's not for me but for the Country" about the BREXIT Deal. Come on who are you kidding!! It's you and your ego! She's now spending millions going over the heads of the Parliament trying to save her egoestatic personal deal! May is for May only
‘Worst Deal in History’: Farage Launches New Brexit Rebellion via Kill the 'deal'!
Very interesting.
The Government which didn’t have a majority and had to prop it up with DUP. The DUP who don’t support the best deal we can get? That Government? Hardly a glowing endorsement of Brexit now is it?
“some kind of magic kingdom will take shape post Brexit”
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
Don't make us laugh.
Theresa May says her #Brexit deal is good because it will bring "certainty" to the UK. Well she's right there - we all agree that it will certainly be shit.
Ahem Mind changes like the weather. Resign
Sovereignty. Massive, huge, tremendous, upside.
Michael Gove unleashed as Theresa May’s ‘secret weapon’ in bid to sell Brexit deal to Tory MPs
I'm still staggered this is being called a "Brexit deal" when in actuality it should be labelled a remain deal, and not a very good one.
Yep. This was what Brexit is supposed to hide.
President Trump blindsided Prime Minster Theresa May of Britain with his comments about Brexit
You lost Indy you lost Brexit and you will loose in the next Scottish elections Nicola nobody is remotely interested in listening to you speaking crap.
Wet work today for the anti-#Brexit crew around Parliament Square (where the big blue bus was doing laps)
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
Is she going for broke as an excuse to resign?
Well, , are you frit? I think you are.
Yes it brings certainty alright Certain disaster!
Gammons...why don’t your English police just shoot them? You know after your English Brexit that’s next on your agenda.
do you remember this? Or has dementia kicked in??#brexit
She's got to obey orders from her pay masters
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
Brilliant! #StandUp4Brexit
Haven’t seen it, but it seems a strange analogy Ian!
Read above comment , is that all you can say. I worked all my life , self sufficient and grateful to the EU for making our Nation prosperous. Patriotic, working and proud to be British. Save Britain STOP BREXIT.
This is just one way in which the EU is deliberately and unnecessarily sabotaging brexit.
No deal is better than being tied forever to the EU handing over all our sovereignty &amp; money. May has deliberately ruined any good brexit deal, we need to stop it from being signed somehow.
#piecrust love the fact the guy being interviewed on just quoted Mary Poppins. Says it all about the ridiculous state of #brexit
Our Government are not warring Unicorns. Thats absurd Theyre Cherry pickers. Some of the finest.... .. which is just as well as post brexit were going to need fruit pickers
May is a remainer at heart and conspiring with the EU, where she has more supporters than in the UK: why else would she not release legal advice or realise that Parliament and most of the country are against the Withdrawal Agreement in its present form.
UK polling summary - 27 Nov 2018 - #LabourParty v #ConservativeParty - #UKPolitics #Polling #polls #WithdrawalAgreement #Brexit #Newsnight
Ha ha, Euriah Heap's support, sorry keep using his family nickname by mistake, Michael Gove's support is like the kiss of death. Gove is so reviled as a backstabbing slimeball.
May could suffer 200-vote defeat when the Commons decides on #Brexit deal — dealing a fatal blow to her Premiership
Here is the Prime Minister a few months ago saying the backstop threatens the Union &amp; no British PM would ever sign up to it....she cannot be trusted. Paragraph 50 guaranteeing the Northern Ireland Assembly a role also removed #Brexit
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
displacement activity around the displacement activity which is Brexit - politics has become a form of OCD
#Brexit #BrexitDeal #BrexitChaos #fakedeal #Germans #Britain #England #TheresaMay #piersmorgan #Suzannareed #GMB #UKIP #NigelFarage German TV show ridicules Brexit saying it is like a football match because ‘in the end, England loses’
President Macron's comment about brexit being not about the people of the whole of the UK but of the citizens of London are delirious and has delusions of grandeur by a French premier of the state.
Spot on. Most people weren’t concerned with the #EU, but rather the strain on public services
Not content with trashing the reputation of the #UK abroad, is now demeaning the office of Prime Minister at home. Pass the sick-bag, Alice.
Sturgeon is a regional head of a devolved executive who's only policy is to disagree with the UK. She offers jack shit to the debate. The UK including over 1 Million Scots (mainly Nats) voted for Brexit. Why allow failing to promote herself on a UK stage?
Nothing pisses me off more than Brexit white boys that think they’re bad cuz they wear stone island or monclear
What I don’t get about mays brexit deal is If it’s that good why do people need convincing It should be obvious to all If it’s that hard to sell it means It’s shit
Great thread if you wish to avoid thinking about Brexit for a while.
Stuff I see and think, ah how redolent of Brexit
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
Wednesday's Telegraph: "The Brexit backpedalling begins" #BBCPapers #tomorrowspaperstoday (via )
The seismic shock of Brexit will change the UK’s politics for ever | Rafael Behr
Reports on Brexit tell us the worst about May's deal via
I’m not sure what the SNP, Greens, Lib Dems, PV supporters and FBPE were expecting. We’re having useless debate that may or may not bolster Theresa May in which she’ll lose the deal afterwards.
Grove - a man with talent, but I don't believe I could ever trust him. Expedient, rather than principled IMO
Yep, given all the constraints, remaining in the EU seems the maximizing option for a Brexiteer :) The Northern Ireland restriction is so strong that remaining in the EU dominates any other option Luckily for us, Brexit may have revealed itself to be an impossible nightmare!
Great! I've only been to Ireland once, and that was for a games convention in Dublin, so I didn't see much beyond a hall at the University. Hopefully when I do come back it won't be as a refugee from brexit.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
‘House prices down by a 1/3’ #ProjectFear #Brexit Let’s just see eh ? More MSM biased anti Brexit propaganda. What a disgrace.
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
Who would trust this gov to execute a blank cheque brexit? They might promise a soft landing to get past March, but then harden later.
The PM challenging Corbyn to a debate is an act of cowardice &amp; one can only ask why the two brexiters are doing it. If you need to debate Brexit then is the one to debate with....or are you scared she’ll expose your mendacious ulterior motives?
Hear more from the Sun’s Political Editor - and what it means for in the Press Preview on at 10.30pm...could the Parliamentary vote actually be abandoned?! #skypapers with and
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Aww FFS! I love The Littlest Hobo! Don’t sully its innocence with this Brexit depravity! #Newsnight
#Brexit #Italexit #Grexit #Swexit #Nexit #Rutte #Merkel #Macron #M5S #Lega #Podemos #Melenchon #Gruenen #Catalonia #Indyref2 #DUP #SNP #Labour It's time for a rethink of the whole European project Combine #EU #EFTA #NATO #OSCE into one new CONFEDERATION
The seismic shock of #Brexit will change the UK’s politics for ever | Rafael Behr | Opinion
Christ. Not only do I agree with Donald Trump, I agree with Peter f**king Mandelson.
Low-quality post-Brexit food imports threatening UK farmers, MPs warn
lmaoooooo some of y’all deadass voted for this mess
If she wants people to listen to her, she also has to listen to them. May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Duck is a joke. " Britain “may not be able to trade with” America in future " He has lost all his marbles now. #Brexit #uspoli #TrumpSLIE #TrumpSSTEAL #TrumpSCHEAT #resist
So, #TheresaMay is on her 'End of the Road' farewell tour. #newsnight #Brexit
couldn't have said it better myself, she's also lying about getting a good trade deal too &amp; it's become obvious the EU will lay down the way it's going to be &amp; they'll refuse to let us out of the backstop if we don't sign. Forget signing other trade deals! #Brexit #BrexitShambles
Every person in Scotland to be £1600 poorer from Brexit? I might be willing to give up that money for a good cause, but to support English Tory xenophobia? No chance!
You and I suspect many thousands more. The scales are falling from people's eyes.
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
On the list come the day of reckoning
Brexit Betrayal: Theresa May's EU Deal Is Treason via
He's falling into a trap of his own making because brexit is one subject Theresa May might get the upper hand.
#brexit There are more questions than answers! It's time for the lying and bickering to stop from all sides! Get together and really do the best for the whole of the UK! It really is more important than one person and the responsibility should not lie on one persons shoulders!
Well said FM.
Cruel - cutting funding for education in particular learning support as highlighted tonight in #schools
Nearly as fake as that business man the DUP claimed backed Brexit
I have never been to Gibraltar. And yes, it will eventually be lost, not to the EU, but to Spain. Brexit has changed everything. You want out of the EU. I don't. You have no idea what the consequences of Brexit will be, because none of you can agree on......anything. #Shambles
Trying to engage 2 respected Labour colleagues on the middle ground - let us not, whatever our party differences, allow a tiny minority of MPs to drive us unwittingly into no deal, when the vast majority of parliament want a pragmatic moderate Brexit deal.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
Salvini LASHES OUT at EU for Brexit - ‘Someone in Brussels has DONE SOMETHING WRONG’
Send it direct to 20 Downing Street with a Bollocks to Brexit sticker on.
If an MP I'd be torn between my head telling me to support May's deal - which is better than some options and guarantees there won't be no deal - and my heart saying vote it down, because the ensuing confusion would boost chances of a 2nd referendum. And that cd stop Brexit.
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
I presume she thinks #Brexit ain't happening. Let's hope so it's boring the udders of moi.
May: #Brexit deal will see #UK ‘take back full control’ over its waters
NHS no deal #Brexit plans launch 'before Christmas if MPs reject deal'
Brexit debate in a nutshell if it’s just Jeremy and Theresa
94 rebel Tories going to vote down May's Brexit deal, so this sounds like a resounding success just around the corner
Enforces exactly that the Tory party &amp; Theresa May could not be trusted to deliver a pizza! Their continuous contemptuous bullying tactics of the U.K. Electorate hold no bounds &amp; must be stopped. We need a people's vote to overturn this disastrous Brexit.
Brexit: Theresa May denies 'rolling over' on deal hearing the results of the negotiation. What do they not understand about this is the deal, there is nothing else. No re-negotiation, no tweeking. This is it!!!
Another centrist who thinks 'war criminal' is more palatable, less immoral than 'ambiguous about #Brexit'. This is another way of saying "Say what you like about Blair, yeah, might've been responsible for death of millions of innocents, but he can deliver a speech". #Corbyn
you talk rubbish,none of you remoaners are patriotic,most of you are self obsessed especially with what you want from brexit live a peoples vote says it all lol
I think a spoiled ballot paper with “No Brexit” scrawled on it would be my only choice
Wednesday night at the Horseshoe bar with Theresa trying to sell us Brexit at the Karaoke. Buzzing for this.
One of the key relationships when it comes to understanding how the City and UK property market work is that between British and Gulf state elites. A long read and extensive analysis about how Brexit affects this dynamic by specialist academics and journalists is overdue
250617 You’re baffled because you’re ‘above’ conspiracy theorists. #TickTockTroops
The backstop protects the GFA with Irish citizens in the North remaining EU citizens and able to take advantage of all things EU. The backstop seals that. Moderate nationalists would be quite happy with that. Hard brexit will result in a border poll. Unionists are slow learners.
To drive everyone to watch #imacelebrity2018
No one you are twisting his words. He said until recently nothing about post Brexit.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
I don’t agree. I’d argue social media caused Brexit. It’s so acceptable now to speak about foreigners in a way people wouldn’t have in public even 5yrs ago stirred on by they’re interactions on social media.
She'll have to have a very small audience!
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
May: #Brexit deal will see #UK ‘take back full control’ over its waters
Theresa May's Brexit deal as it currently stands won't even make it. To #BackTheBrexitDeal right now is WRONG. Think about Lisa Nandy for example.
‘Worst Deal in History‘: Farage Launches New Brexit Rebellion via
Highly informative
another Labour Temainer with no facts just feelings. How did she get a doctorate. Seriously.
is it just me or is there a resemblance here?
This old Fry and Laurie sketch is going viral because it basically sums up #Brexit
This sounds scary again! I will be happy when they decide which it will be! DrG
Thanks Helen. Exactly so
That is a “robust defence” of something she has already given away - and in writing....
Government to set out economic impact of #Brexit as May fights to save her deal
Well, Mr Farage, I hope that the FBI invite you to their place for some hospitality, and that the whole 'Brexit' scam is scuppered, before it is too late.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
Ungrateful immigrant Lammy stirring up hate.
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
Yes, or no?
The next big thing! Christ sake this isn’t the final deal. The final deal is for us to Remain.
After the events of the last two years I’ve made some water tight conclusions. The DUP must want war in Northern Ireland. Boris Johnson seriously believed he could be Prime Minister. Brexit was merely a survey of opinion that got out of hand. You can be President if...
OMG, what a pathetic health secretary. This really must be the most intellectually challenged cabinet in UK history!!
Rubbish! All these things will still be possible. Its just that it wont be an automatic entitlement. Plenty of kids study in the USA. Plenty of adults retire in the far east. etc "Kids can't study in EU Can't retire to EU sun Cant work in EU cities Cant employee EU workers"
I wonder how long I'll have to wait to see this hugely important decision given even a shred of publicity (never mind a headline) on any of our anti Brit, Anti Britain, anti #Brexit pro #EU propaganda channels?
You know you want to see this! Should Nicola Sturgeon be involved in any televised Brexit debate?
as a local non political businessman can I ask you to confirm your support for our Brexit deal? We need to get this done.
Government to set out economic impact of #Brexit as May fights to save her deal
#brexit Welcome to globalization...
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
So is Spain giving cueta back ? No they’re not. Brexit was not an opportunity for SPAIN to Blackmail the UK. SPAIN is in a mess, they should concentrate on sorting that out.
TONIC WATER IN CHAMPAGNE? I blame Brexit.
Sod the debate, when are they going to get rid of this lying bitch and put a brexiteer in charge of brexit...
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
Well if you claim it wasn't a lie and just a misunderstanding by many Brexit voters; can you tell me why did Farage said on Good Morning Britain "That was one of the mistakes made by the Leave campaign.” Hmmm me thinks your telling lies now, is it catching?
Reports on Brexit tell us the worst about May's deal via
Another scaremongering article from the book "1001 Bullshit Headlines about Brexit" Give it a rest you mongs.
it’s so weird being on the same side as the s$n
Sick of hearing about Brexit? Want an end to uncertainty? Tired of distractions from other important issues facing the country like poverty and austerity? Simple. Just stop it. Stop Brexit.
Just say you don't want Scottish people to be represented and GO. This is DISGUSTING. She's our leader. She's the leader of the 3rd biggest party in the UK.
how do you feel about May’s electioneering (so called brexit talks) going on under your nose? She’s the underdog sneakily getting the public on her side. I think the public r falling 4 it 2. So now she has MSM in all majority, soon the public. She’s pulling a fast 1
I just demanded that the broadcasters promise fair representation in the TV Brexit debates. I think the public should hear from anti-Brexit voices as well as Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn. Add your name to 's petition:
May’s government refuses to publish details of #Brexit deal legal advice
Considering that funding of the NHS with the Brexit windfall was number one on the reasons to leave - check the polls in the week after the referendum - you sided with a lot of fools!!!
Sir Michael Falcon as been a supporter and friend of May and his decision to vote against the deal is the nail in the coffin.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
Most certainly.
Tonight on The Irish struggle &amp; Brexit and in studio. Live at 7 NYC time
The government’s brexit economic impact studies were withheld from MPs on the grounds that it would weaken our negotiating position with the EU. What are the grounds for withholding the legal advice the government has received now that withdrawal negotiations are concluded?
May’s government refuses to publish details of #Brexit deal legal advice
Where do I sign? Need a way out of this Brexit madhouse!
Surely, two-thirds of the Commons voting against you would, in an ordinary time, be considered a matter for resignation? What is she thinking?
The has hit the nail on the head has decided to stop trying to split differences between various warring factions within her Party &amp; our Parliament She has decided this is where she stands &amp; on this deal, she is willing to fall #theresaunchained #Brexit
MPs push Sec of State for Health Hancock for guarantees U.K. will be able to closely cooperate with EMA following #Brexit; they fear U.K. will become second-tier launch country. reports in Extra:
Am I alone in thinking PMMay is on a practise run 4 #GeneralElection on #Brexit when as everyone is aware is NOT going to get passed
Is this a SNP Brexit analysis or scotgov? Who's money paid for this?. SNP propaganda?.
NHS no deal Brexit plans will be activated 'before Christmas' if MPs vote down May's deal, health secretary says
Well stone me Mr. Hancock!!not that old chestnut again...
quick question. If wizards are so secretive do they a vote on Brexit? #buggingme
Despite the nature of the ‘deal’ now being known TM has decided that the people should not be asked or told. Yes you should be there
Those of you who voted Democrat ask yourselves this; Why are the Democrats representing illegals and not their constituents??? In short they are representing their own interests and not the interests of the people who voted for them. #brexit #lexit #WalkAway
I see that uncertainty and division has taken over from strong and stable.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
Really awful...
bullshit plan will never be accepted by #Brexit supporters for the simple reason it is not remotely close to Brexit! It retains CU/SM - BIG MONTHLY BILLION £ PAYMENTS - NO FREE TRADE DEALS - and free #EU movement! It's #WHO rules option - or #remain option
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
I'm now trying not to ask about the Hard Brexit forecast.
Senior UK academics call for people’s vote to save universities
The British peoples will see right through this
It's disgusting Sam. Always been there, Brexit has emboldened them
Surprised they didn't build it out of ivory ... #workingclassvoice #BrexitisDead
May announces Brexit deadline The UK Parliament is due to vote on the EU exit agreement negotiated with the EU on 11 December. Previously, the deputies get five days to debate in the House of Commons on the Brexit Treaty. Following the agreement of the …
John Longworth predicts civil unrest over Theresa May’s Brexit “betrayal” via knows this and this will happen
Just commented on : Poll: Should British politicians vote for May's Brexit deal? -
Quick summary of Theresa May trying to rally support for her Brexit Deal:
what did the Americans cry against the British crown? #NoTaxationWithoutRepresentation what did the British cry against the #EU27 ? The same! This doesn't end well at this rate...
Instantly send them back across the channel. They are committing an offence trying to enter illegally. Stop wasting tax payers money looking after them it only encourages more of the low life to try.
Trump supports brexit because he wants his mits on nhs and whisky rights
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
Says the man who claims on national TV that 80% of the public support May’s Brexit deal.
That trawler has sailed
really doesn’t care, #waspi ladies will probably be paying for it, I think we probably paid for all her outfits too. She’s unbelievably shameless.
If only you and got as excited and committed to ensuring the people of Scotland could have improved Education Health and Housing but sadly all that floats your boat is the thought of independence and #Brexit is your smokescreen and yet another greivance #pathetic
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
Markets Won’t Come to the Rescue In a Brexit Crisis #svpol #pldebatt
It would have been easy had we had a Prime Minister prepared to do a proper brexit ... have a little backbone and not bottle it .... The true brexiteers were never given a look in .. and when a token one was involved they were sidelined ....
Michael Gove NOW who would trust him after his escapades,Stabs Boris in the back goes back on his word etc etc it’s a joke
If this deal is so great PM then let’s have a healthy debate about it amongst the people! A tv debate is just gloss on how to polish a turd!
Get a load of the Boris J Portugal video. It seems real and not a spoof. How can a Foreign Secretary and architect of Brexit state that Portugal is our fourth biggest trading partner?? Diane Abbot was slaughtered for making a mistake of fact. Will BJ get the same treatment??
UK car industry: no-deal Brexit could have ‘devastating impact’
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
Except we have been losing the NHS to privatisation &amp; underfunding since the Tories came into office 8 years ago. Brexit or no, the Tories will end our NHS
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
I just demanded that the broadcasters promise fair representation in the TV Brexit debates. I think the public should hear from anti-Brexit voices as well as Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn. Add your name to 's petition:
If you believe in #Democracy, no matter what side you are on, This move by PM May shld concern all Parties. #Halftime
Just a quick one... have you noticed any alarm on the part of our erstwhile partners in Europe about us losing our primacy as a financial capital? I haven’t... more of a sense of anticipation really, as Paris &amp; Frankfurt prepare to accept their Brexit dividend
i....can’t
Senior UK academics call for people’s vote to save universities
I respect David Milliband and Nicki Morgan two outspoken supporters of the prime ministers Brexit plan, sadly Mr Miliband is not a UK resident and Ms Morgan relies on the intervention of Norway,those who back Mrs May want to ask everyone except the British people!
Whatever the rights and wrongs of #TheresaMay’s pronouncements on immigration and societal cohesion, one thing is certain. You cannot have a cohesive society where there is #Brexit. People really hate each other now, and will for generations
May heads to Scotland as Brexit deal founders in Westminster
She knows she is alone because nobody wants that burden is much easy for all of us to speak but she
There were more than just two political parties representing the voices of the people last time I checked #includenicola
We already have the best deal possible. #Remain #PeoplesVote Stop letting our politicians blame the EU for our problems. Make them work for us. Within the EU
My guess the Mail will lose a lot of readers by the end of 2018 for its disgraceful role in undermining #Brexit It's as if the whole nasty collective along with the owners have lost it and turned loony left. Telegraph should capitalise on it if it stop publishing liberal rubbish.
Would help if he gave up on the myth that there's a better Brexit deal to be done. Brexit will hurt those his party should be protecting.
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
Huge constitutional impact but the BBC leads on 8 migrants in a boat, the only difference with Trump and Fox is the BBC watch the Government to see what they should be talking about. #PeoplesVote #finalsay #remain
I hope Brexit won’t affect Santa this year. Would he need a visa and work permit to visit the UK? Cc
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
Has #Brexit been cancelled yet? There are far more important things our politicians should be doing.
It isn’t ’s job to reflect reality. It’s to promote pro Brexit voices and suppress the rest. It’s a propaganda channel. #BBCBias.
Hmmm All 17.4 million!? Too many people believe May’s bold faced lies and simply cannot fathom the breathtaking depth of her treachery against Brexit. Plus if not ousted before Dec 10 she’ll simply sign the UN Pact &amp; perpetually bring millions into the UK as “a legal duty!”
The backstop protects the GFA with Irish citizens in the North remaining EU citizens and able to take advantage of all things EU. The backstop seals that. Moderate nationalists would be quite happy with that. Hard brexit will result in a border poll. Unionists are slow learners.
Trump Falsely Claims That U.S. Agents Were Hurt in Border Clashes via
come on don't lash your self to Theresa of the Titanic #brexit. Save yourself before you go down with the vessel May. This deal is a bad deal and you know UK can do much better. You have spoken to Nations outside the EU. Come on Liam do the right thing now.
Wine to be ‘overstocked’ in the UK ahead of Brexit Buying binge before Brexit...
Admirable objective. Not sure I see how #brexit helps us get there. On our own I think we've less chance of standing firm against Amazon/Google etc. than joining forces with our neighbours. The EU has fined both in recent years.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
Fresh row looms as No 10 refuses to publish full Brexit legal advice
If some Labour MPs decide not to risk a ‘no-deal’ scenario and the current #brexit deal is defeated by 6 votes, we’ll all have #sinnfein to thank
Theresa May's Brexit deal will damage UK public finances
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
Pardon doesn't clear Hedges of the charges meaning he now faces problems traveling overseas as he keeps the criminal record Case raises questions over UK influence in area post #Brexit BBC News - The shifting power at the heart of the UK's 'spy' row
Brexit legal battle: The arguments explained #Scotland
#Brexit as I am one of 3000 UK #Haemophiliacs infected with #Hepc due to imported #Contaminatedblood product #FactorVIII in the 1980’s I suggest you start listening to the public &amp; leave the ego’s at home #PeoplesVote governments get it very wrong
I am taking it that "Poopsie the Unicorn" - this year's must have Christmas gift for children - is a Brexit metaphor. A hideous Unicorn that craps blue slime after you've bought it and whose purchase you'll regret for years to come till you smash it up or take it back
This is where labour is letting itself down - Brexit is killing us... There is no leave scenario where we don't lose control - if we remain WE need to reform, not the EU
Brexit idea 2? Put all options on a dart board and get a blind man to throw the dart unprepared?
You don't believe in Brexit. You only believe in promoting yourself. Though when your ratings and appeal are lower than Jeremy Corbyn's it is clear that people are #NotBuyingIt.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
May begins tour of Britain to sell Brexit deal benefits
Well that about wraps it up for #Brexit ...
The flaw in the argument is Putin wanted Brexit to weaken west which is plausible however if that were true then Brexit weakens the West &amp; is therefore not in national interest. Also it seems a fair way for the people's vote (terrible name) to push on yet they aren't All odd
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
What joke and wast of tax’s payers money
Brexit in a nutshell. No understanding of facts. No preparation. Just bluster and wing it.
People always want to have their cake and eat it. See #Brexit
Denial and bargaining as Theresa May grieves for her Brexit dreams | John Crace
'People were sold a lie': Ruthin restless over May's #Brexit deal - The Guardian
Government to set out economic impact of Brexit as May fights to save her deal
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
“While an area’s receipt of structural funds from the EU was uncorrelated with support for Leave in 2016, it now is strongly associated with weaker levels of support for Leave in 2018.”
Yes the problem is Brexit
I seriously doubt that BBC would let UKIP in.
Denial and bargaining as Theresa May grieves for her Brexit dreams | John Crace
The latest The Prudent Marketer! #brexit
This isn’t Brexit
"May to defy Parliament" .... Is that the same Parliament that so desperately needed to get full control and sovereignty?
I think she must have been referring to the word Brexit, It's highly offensive!
Brexit: Loyalist paramilitary representatives ‘extremely hostile’ to Theresa May deal
Thanks for RT. Still relevant folks? #brexit
.#rugby residents! Write to your MP with your views on Brexit and demand a #PeoplesVote
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
Like Nadine Dorries they’ve discovered to their horror that Brexit means we won’t have any MEPs. Call that a deal?!!!
And thanks why we shouldn't be splitting the "Right". in fighting must stop til #Brexit is done. We must #UniteTheRight This #BrexitBetrayalMarch on the 9th would be a great time for that.
Ruthin has spoken....
There is no economy/jobs first Brexit. There just isn't.
Shaking the money tree again to save her career.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
He initially wanted to leave but in a way that would allow him to employ EU staff. Which is a Brexit which clearly 17.4m people voted for.
Theresa "Stop the Q jumpers" May is trying to sell her damaging &amp; racist "Stop freedom of movement once &amp; for all" National self harm Brexit &amp; every bulletin is led by a story on illegal migration today! Coincidence?
Loving The Littlest Hobo opening #Newsnight. Brexit is clearly driving everyone insane.
Certainty that we are a vassal of Europe, stability for the EU’s spending plans.
And, since we will fail to address it, it will remain the biggest and the defining collective challenge that we ever have or will face. Solving Brexit is totally trivial in comparison!!
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
Guess you are referring to Holland’s role in Eurozone reforms. There is something to that but it’s exaggerated. The existential problems of EZ are mainly due to Italy, not Holland. Plus I want a Brexit reversal but chances UK would help solve EU’s existential problems are low
Tory divisions: the factions preparing for fall of May's Brexit deal
Please R/T
Oops, she does it again!
Sure Anna you've had your time with Chukka. Then that your constituency overwhelming majority voted pro- BREXIT. You're a funny TORY thing. Relinquish your seat. Waffling on like a microwaved carrot. Lol. GTFO.
Specifically, how could we do better? And please describe possible things, not imaginary sunlit uplands and unicorns. We have had two and a half years and nobody has come up with any credible alternative. It's time to face reality, #Brexit's just not all it was cracked up to be!
brilliant
This is contempt of Parliament. The House passed a motion wanting the full legal advice. That is what the house shall get.
So Pete makes it clear he is more concerned with petty political point scoring than what's best for the country
Wednesday's Telegraph: "The Brexit backpedalling begins" #BBCPapers #tomorrowspaperstoday Scandal Monarchism over Civil Rights Jacob Rees-Mogg Farage wants to keep the Monarchy and Commonwealth
Health warning: the piece below is printed in the Sun.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Crikey!
Thanks for demonstrating integrity, considering the facts, thinking this through and having a conscience. , who in my constituency will benefit from Brexit? That wasn’t rhetoric, I’m asking you the question as my MP.
If the govt was left to business people and Labour MPs the UK would be a happy rule-taker. But as you say not everyone in the UK thinks that way.
NHS no deal Brexit plans will be activated 'before Christmas' if MPs vote down May's deal, health secretary says
Brexit is now absurd. Yes we had a referendum and a lot of people turned out but FGS.... It’s the most almighty screw-up, every option is bad, it’ll drag us down for years, no-one would have voted for this and we still don’t have to do it. Game over.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
The rare coin dealer from Port Talbot decided to take some time off work to protest about Brexit. He initially slept rough in Hyde Park to save money, but now stays with fellow activists he met after travelling to the capital. Any Brexiteers doing the same I wonder?
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
The world isn’t so bad after all. I can’t really believe that worked. I might text May next to see if she’ll cancel Brexit. James your gig at the Playground was brilliant :) Gittins, you’ve got a patreon coming you way you legend.
Brexit: Are Tory whips threatening their own MPs after bid to win Labour support failed? via
Goalkeeper volleys it into the back of the net.
Nah, Wales are annexed, voted for Brexit. A real shame. Great rugby players. Miners and great singers.
You were betrayed two years ago by the unicorn and bullshit merchants of brexit
it’s the People’s Vote - that’s what gets Labour over the line. Until then you’re dissolving all the goodwill of supporters, the longer you leave this. People won’t forgive you if you let the nation crash then think you’re coming in to the sound of applause!
I don't think everyone is saying that. Everyone I've met is saying when will the Tories get rid of and her useless deal. #Brexit
We as a nation really are becoming horrible, Brexit only makes these problems worse
My letter to Jeremy Corbyn: your nation is threatened – back a people’s vote | Gina Miller
David Boyd, of Ulster Seafood Partnership, recalls the hopes of Portavogie harbour following the Leave vote and tells ITV news that "Theresa May's promises are like pie crusts to us...easily broken." #Brexit
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
She does know she works for us does she? FFS
Get fekin real it won’t happen
Brexit was bullshit from the start. And it’s even more bullshit now. I can understand both sides, but for me, we are better united than divided. Division solves nothing.
Accurate reporting.
Yay! Well done, ! Doing a great job! #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote
Just like every other possible Brexit.
He is a whole mood. The loss of the will to live little by little every time Brexit or Donald Trump have to be mentioned. Honestly my favourite newsreader Lmaoo
Is she our servant or are we hers?
Absolutely excellent up and down the country everything is late, delayed, mismanaged and derailing. The Northern rail fiasco is a great analogy for the entire country rn
I’m already cutting back on EU products after the bullying Brexit withdrawal offer.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
The non-Brits guide to Brexit (because it affects you too)
I liked a video Brexit Betrayal Demonstration - 9th December - BE THERE!
Cheat
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
Brexit: Theresa May denies 'rolling over' on deal: The PM comes under attack…
If any Labour MP's abstain or vote with May and keep this deal alive and her in power then in my mind they should have the whip withdrawn and be suspended by the party. F*ck Brexit when our citizens are dying. If we can get a GE that's the first thing we do as socialists ffs
Outrageous behaviour from , as a Gaelic descendant raised in England, I didn't want Scotland to leave Poundland but you leave them no option, wilfully stupid . . . the end of the United Kingdom is now your legacy alone
Georgie. You are the tops in all aspects love ya. This has nothing to do with the B word. It’s to do with cocky little C—t’s who have not been taught how to respect or behave in any way, shape or form. This is not about class, this is about “it starts at home”#shameontheparents
Prime Minister championing Brexit deal in Scotland as Nicola Sturgeon warns of £1,600 annual cost to each Scot
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
UH OH!!: Government admits UK could attempt to unilaterally revoke Article 50
[STV]: May to make case for Brexit agreement in Scotland visit |
52% of your country voted for #brexit so they can keep people like this boy out. Quite the claim you make there...
Escape to the chateaux Amazing how they pretend that everything is jolly good in exile Brexit land The wedding venue bookings will disappear due to added paperwork and visas Bonne chance
Does it have to be about brexit
In other news, Scar from #LionKing confirmed as #vegan secret weapon in bid to sell plant based diet to sharks...
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
Also massive Brexit fan, can’t see him voting for it unless he does for spite
Get some backbone
Love being reminded that the discussion we are having this evening is much bigger than Brexit...and opportunities are only opportunities IF WE TAKE THEM #CFElecture
And the majority of voters, according to Survation, want No Brexit.
So.... 2.5 yrs on &amp; there's still a lot of ignorant arseholes around when it comes to brexit. Shocking eh!
If the deal is voted down how can we have a referendum on her deal ?and your forgetting no deal leave in march that's the brexit we all voted for its only politicians who have made a mess of this and turned the vote into political fight between the parties
Probably been replaced with Kahoot now... #Brexit
An absolute nonsense of a Poll 3% margin by Survation who predicted a win for remain at the referendum. British people back May's Brexit deal, exclusive poll finds via
If the facts show that Freedom of Movement has *not* depressed wages, but you decide to tell people that it has, and that Brexit will fix that, it is an example of using a lie to pander to xenophobic instincts. A progressive leader should not do this. Agree?
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
Hate to say it,but as soon as Brexit result was announced,English MPs came out with xenophobic comments making it acceptable for foreigners to be fair her credit Nicola Sturgeon made sure to say that immigrants were welcome in Scotland.
This ... this is what worries me most about our situation.i can’t believe that when people said “yes” to leaving, they understood that they were voting for their jobs to move out of the country in the event of no deal. No deal is a very bad outcome indeed.
The party is dead after what May has done!
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
Let’s find out NHS doesn’t actually say that would or will be used to fund it. It’s an example of what you could put money towards #brexit
Because the Withdrawal Agreement isn’t ‘the final deal’. Indeed, it is the easy part.
Thanks Jim - more data available
Act like woman with balls, what we all need to bow, like I said no divorce is good thing but should be done the best what is a possible for both side I'm still against BREXIT and I also think is a tragedy and should not happens but...
'Obvious Tool' more like.
Yep. Just look at May's eyes....she has eyes like sharp little rocks. Total sellout!
We were conned by Spivs to vote #Brexit with lies &amp; illegal advertising funded by foreign enemy money. is covering up the crime. The deal does not deliver the promises made &amp; makes us poorer. You support Fraud if you don’t demand a #peoplesvote
Labour reject sensible Brexit deal as not Brexity enough. Here's where we are, everyone.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back! #ExitFromBrexit #PeoplesVote
A younger James O'Brien. That's a compliment Femi. You were wonderful, as always.
This fantastic response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
What like Ireland driving the Brexit process considerations for the EU and being consulted as an equal seeing as it has equal voting rights?
This deal is a disaster - Brexit (as sold) never appeared - 2nd referendum now!
#Brexit legal battle: the arguments explained.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Senior MPs slam ‘institutional silence’ over claims of wrongdoing in #Brexit vote
ok cool - stay safe - best wishes - we all move forward together or not. but we still move forward
The Brexit discussion has shed a new light on the relations the EU has with non-member states. Switzerland and the EU are currently reinforcing the bilateral way by negotiating new bilateral agreements.
You know a Tory is up shit creek when they start apologising for being discriminatory
You would risk the unity of the nation and the possibility of returning back into the EU? Is that correct Charles?
Brexit in a nutshell. No understanding of facts. No preparation. Just bluster and wing it. #StopBrexit. #PeoplesVote. #Endthechaos. #Remain
I've agreed to do a talk on Brexit the week after we leave. I still don't know what I'll be saying. So much for certainty! #newsnight
They ought to let us have a go on the equator for a bit. Brexit's got to have some advantages surely.
quick question. If wizards are so secretive do they get their own vote on Brexit or do they join the muggles vote? #buggingme
Brexit: Are businesses leaving UK as Trump claims?
BBCNews : Wednesday's Telegraph: "The Brexit backpedalling begins" #BBCPapers #tomorrowspaperstoday (via AllieHBNews) (via Twitter
It's clear that May's Brexit deal won't get through Parliament. I hope the Chancellor has paused production of the "commemorative" Brexit 50p piece.....
~~~ &lt;3 President Donald J. Trump
A young Tommy Robinson in the making. Middle England Brexit right there.
Way too late, but: in Calif it takes a 2/3 vote to raise taxes (at any level of gov), but #Brexit passed with a bare majority. I don't like referenda in general (we pay politicians to decide things), but surely it should have required at least 60% to pass.
Not your mate arsewipe and get to fuck calling me a cunt. If you dont believe that calling out the empowerment of racism is wrong then that makes me question your views. If you dont think that a large part of the #brexit leave vote is fuelled by racism then you are delusional
Fantastic effort here by Lammy to prove he really is as bovinely stupid as Abbott Great try
The little clip says it all about #MaysToxicToryGovernment
It's leave &amp; brexit fault claim remain campaigners lol
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
'People were sold a lie': Ruthin restless over May's Brexit deal – The Guardian
True and correct we need people who voted for news if in charge of the conservatives and Labour not people who have no interest in it
Yet another sleazy Brexit revelation.
That's what Brexit is about, Baroness Trumpington, she was an Enigma when Macaroni was having his pampers changed, R I P you L E G E N D.
Looking forward to the day when the Brexit debate is finally over. 2086 can’t come soon enough.
It’s no all about you hen!!!!
Corbyn wants this debate for election purposes rather than brexit.... May knows this &amp; finds it preferable than being challenged on her brexit deal!
Why does Donald Trump oppose Theresa May's Brexit deal? | US news | The Guardian - via
I'm genuinely confused about why Mrs May is taking her message to the public. What is she expecting us to do? She's been quite explicit that it's now all down to MPs to push through. Surely it's MPs she should be convincing? #brexit #confused #TheresaMay
Theresa May must be in cloud cuckoo land - on #Brexit she is detached from reality and doing a lot of harm.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
Do not resist naming this thug. We on twitter know his name. He tried to water bomb a Syrian refugee. I only wish I could meet that poor bullied child and give him a hug. We were not like this before Brexit and the racists have won? Not on my watch.
Theresa May slaps down Emmanuel Macron over Brexit fishing row
Please help post go viral!
I had almost forgiven for stabbing in the back, but I guess a leopard doesn't change its spots! #BinTheBackstop #MayMustGoNow
Sadly, and annoyingly, the man is deceptively clever. It’s an act. He’s cold and calculating and remembers everything. He resigned over a brexit point to take himself out the limelight for his divorce to go through quietly and with enough time for him to become PM next year.
And we thought austerity was bad!
There are many parallels between how F1 logistics and live event / TV &amp; film units work: Brexit could hit British-based F1 teams and European races, say McLaren
Oops lost the legal advice along with the dossier on all the commons paedos
Good to see that the #brexit #projectfear propaganda campaign is well underway
What a bloody hypocrite..now she is signing it....she is a bloody mentally sick disaster...everybody retweet this.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
I just demanded that the broadcasters promise fair representation in the TV Brexit debates. I think the public should hear from anti-Brexit voices as well as Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn. Add your name to 's petition:
The EU wouldn’t want Scotland anyway and independence would be way worse than Brexit? Hello, 2014 wants its ill-informed takes back.
I think you know I was referring to the recent brexit referendum but if you need me to spell it out for you I am more than happy to do so.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Daily a Fail strikes again. Inciting the brexiteer gammons into even more hatred
Think about it William, think what will happen in a Brexit Britain, it will affect you and your family in every area, jobs, NHS, business etc unless you’re minted. Scotland didn’t want or vote for what’s coming, think about that.
What are they afraid of?
The EUref result came as an unwelcome surprise to many in HE. In hindsight, could our universities &amp; UUK have campaigned more proactively to demonstrate the benefits of EU membership? And what can they do now to mitigate the impact of brexit on the UK? #vcquestiontime
In case you haven’t seen this from yesterday!
So Sinn Fein would back May’s Brexit Deal? Wow. #Newsnight
Meanwhile, in North Korea, the dear leader is flocked by the adoring public...according to the deluded ‘dear leader’.
I hope the overwhelming majority of twats replying to this message starve to fucking death after Brexit, the horrible twats.
Lib Dem because these are all Brexit parties, therefore the same arses.
Now if you consider this government lies A LOT the deaths are probably considerably higher than this, what we need to ask is what is really going on whilst were being diverted by Brexit.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
No fate but what we make.
What a surprise this quite important bit of news is being ignored by . No mention on any news tonight or online. I thought our license fee was supposed to pay for a bit of journalistic impartiality.
the front page shows just how much Mrs May is lying, we won't be leaving, we won't be make other trade deals, we'll under the EU Thumb forever!! And i'm a remainer!! Politicians do your jobs &amp; sort her out! #Brexit
A huge majority agree this #BRexit deal is a BAD DEAL, &amp; promised “No Deal is better than a Bad Deal”. We all now know that a #WTO #NODEAL is the only way to #LeaveEU &amp; it was always inevitable. Let’s getting planning for it now :)
Trouble is Boris nobody took Brexit by the bollocks and ran with it. Now we are all in limbo.
Spent the day in the library, writing about how the Cambodian government is corrupt cos it decides certain laws apply to rivals but laws don't apply to them to come home to this. I could find and replace "Cambodia" with "May's government" and it'd still get a good grade #Brexit
As a person, how do you justify the harm Brexit will do to the poorest &amp; our NHS?
Anyone know what factory it is?
Hard Brexit is going to be fucking hilarious, ha ha
Hiding important information from us Mrs May? Information that we absolutely need to know about let alone the rest of the house. You seem to have been reading The East Germany guide to government. #despot
What, no Chuka?
Not a Brexit plan is it?
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
I feel so sad for the lad. Arm in plaster, head butted, water boarded but stood up and walked away with his dignity intact #kickoutbullies
They're hallucinating over at the Daily Mail. Contrary to their front page, Theresa May is dead in the water. #Brexit
Ukip should be represented but is the man for the job . Don’t let #Barmybatten get in the way of uk independence
Any relationship between the Efta/EEA option and Nick Boles's "Norway Plus" is entirely coincidental ... .
Go on. Explain how Hammond spelled out how it would be funded (PS I have the budget report and it isn’t any Brexit Dividend) Also explain what he said about how it would be funded in the event of an even harder Brexit After all it is me and you that will be picking up the bill
Topps Tiles to begin stockpiling in preparation for Brexit
EU judges reviewing a case about whether Brexit can be revoked were given a stark warning via
Boaty Mcboatface was apparently too silly a name despite being voted for by a democratic majority. Brexit however is fine. The class system explained.
Just brilliant
UK is a member of the WTO through the EU and the UK [ARE NOT FOUNDER MEMBERS].The UK has to apply for membership of the WTO after Brexit and cannot join under current EU concessions.USA,Brazil,Canada oppose the UK entry as does Argentina and Spain.Get your facts correct.
Let's hope so. Brexit must be stopped.
If the EU Copyright Directive is voted into law, Youtube vids will be censored in EU. Memes will be illegal. Uploads will be scanned. Get in touch with your MEPs to vote it down! To those who say sovereignty doesn’t matter, you can enjoy no YouTube then. #Brexit
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
#Brexit Deal is a betrayal of the biggest democratic vote in our history Please support this petition by signing and retweeting #skynews #Brexit #Conservatives #StandUp4Brexit
Arrest and deport within th hour of capture
This is hitting below the belt-we must demand a #PeoplesVoteNow
Feel the same way.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back
Oh Steven how much of a bonus are you getting to stay that, the British Public are not stupid we know what we voted for stand up for brexit just will kill the Conservative Party I hope you know that?
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
This from .. disgraceful.. Letting down the people of Scotland again.
Brexit deal and Özil being the back stop to the Irish border analogy.
Maybe because he’s an absolute bellend of a man. Thought he was fucking off when brexit happened anyway, the little dickhead
Brexit deal 'could cut UK growth by 5.5%' by 2030
Salvini LASHES OUT at EU for Brexit - ‘Someone in Brussels has DONE SOMETHING WRONG’ -
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
Of course such a comment is upsetting because Brexit was always understood as an act of spiteful self-castration.
May I introduce you to this thread and its replies
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
They won't want Caroline there. She talks sense!!
Set aside the pro/against Brexit binary for a split sec and think: What do you think has not yet been covered on the topic? Which voices have not been heard? Which angles have not been explored? (1/3)
To be fair, the reason pre-Brexiteers don't organise counter protests against Remainer marches is that when they do make a call to take to the streets, this happens:
Fresh row looms as No 10 refuses to publish full #Brexit legal advice. #Conservatives #BrexitShambles
Lewisham and Greenwich NHS Trust has not seen an impact on staffing levels as a result of Brexit, despite more than one in 10 doctors, nurses and midwives at...
They will get away with it. The WA is intended to stop Brexit, and May will get it through the HoC, regardless of what it takes. The only way to stop her is by taking her out of office, but too many Conservative MPs are Remainers and a vote for the WA is a vote to stop Brexit.
Theresa May is coming to karaoke tomorrow night to sell her Brexit Deal. What should her song be ?
Write the wrong!
- TRAITORS ONLY IN IT FOR MONEY.
Genial.
There’s a world of difference between “Brexit cannot be stopped” and “I won’t stop Brexit because I want it and don’t care if majority of my voters are against it”. Also, out referendum was won by fraudulent means - but our democracy doesn’t matter, right?
When it comes to Theresa May's brexit desk, there is no left or right to it. Not all Tommy Robinson supporters voted leave, not all of the left voted remain, not all #PeoplesVote wanters voted one way and they...
Unfortunately that idiot didn’t stay to see it through which begs the question why? Maybe because even he knows it’s a big task and he is to weak to stand by such a claim #brexit
I will say this: #FBPE are usually dismissive of EFTA. Indefinite membership would be very helpful and it is a shame that many remainers reject this and support a #PeoplesVote instead #Brexit
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
Tomorrow’s fiercely Brexit supporting Torygraph - “the game is up”
the-guardian-uk|Theresa May heads to Scotland as Brexit deal founders in Westminster|
Most MP's see the truth about May's Brexit. IT IS APPALLING.........
brexit. nothing will change so kill yourself now kids
I have had my disagreements with Iain in the past ( we fell out over Brexit) but the calm way he handled that caller who was not worthy of wiping the spittle from his microphone was very good
It’ll still be a crisis as long as debt is unlimited. Treatment is fractal. If the UK was a person it couldn’t recover until the cause of its illness was identified and treated. Brexit is a symptom . It is not the disease.
38 Degrees Logo Last week 38 Degrees hosted Dr Thomas Sampson, an expert on trade and Brexit. [1] It was the second in a series of video Q&amp;As that 38…
NHS no deal #Brexit plans launch 'before Christmas if MPs reject deal'
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Good to see that the #brexit #projectfear propaganda campaign is well underway #BBC #itvnews
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
Don't worry michael you and your BBC are more than helping the brexit right just for balance
Why is the Uk is paying £40 BN to lose NI, Gibraltar, UK Fishing Rights? May's EU sellout continues #noDeal #hardbrexit #bbcnews #marr #bbcsp #bbcsml #r4today #bbcqt #bbcpapers #newsbeat #bbc3 #r5live #BBCPolitics #theworldtonight #bbcworld #brexit #bbcfakenews #grouchie
Exactly when talking about Theresa May they don't headline it "May: Brexit Deal is a White Elephant"
Jon Snow is excellent
Fresh row looms as No 10 refuses to publish full Brexit legal advice
No one should trust a leader who is prepared to put a nation in peril to further their own ambitions for power. Time for Corbyn to learn from May's mistakes and back a #PeoplesVote
For anyone with a heart of stone not yet laughing, popcorn may well be the next best thing
Stupud poll of the year. Bit like the proposed debate. You can have any option you like providing it's Brexit.
U.S. near aviation agreement with post-Brexit UK | Reuters. “The deal would be inferior to the UK’s rights under the existing EU agreement” #stopBrexit
The interesting thing here, though, is how many of those “against the deal” may abstain in the vote rather than actually voting against. That could make the picture ever so slightly rosier for May. #Brexit #WithdrawalAgreement
Yeah we also invented English, chips, slippers, sandwiches and brexit.
Government to set out economic impact of Brexit as May fights to save her deal | Bailiwick Express UK
They see the bullies in power, the trickle-down effect. It's all this Brexit fiasco that has legitimized all the racists, they're emboldened. The bullies name is on the thread, will delete my tweet.
May: Brexit deal will see UK ‘take back full control’ over its waters | Bailiwick Express UK
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
A soothing zephyr in a boiling desert: some better news for Prime Minister May
#TheresaMay could suffer a 200-vote defeat when the Commons decides on her #Brexit deal — dealing a fatal blow to her Premiership
It's certainly on a par with having a people's vote/referendum is undemocratic. Especially when it's a key part of our Parliamentary democracy that there must be an election at least every five years, when people vote! and might change their minds from the last time they voted!
Either Tunnocks or BAE to tell them of the order she’s placing for new Junks to patrol our seas as we’ll soon be a independent coastal state...they’re the only ships we’ll be able to afford after Brexit !!
Staggering!! has lost the plot, it's glaringly obvious that we will be far worse off by not staying in! She is blinded by the power of staying in number 10. Nobody has told her she is powerless, she will find out when the vote goes before Parliament!
it will be interesting to see how our #LOCALMPs VOTE on the #BREXIT BILL from what they Voted for from day one
Good to see that the #brexit #projectfear propaganda campaign is well underway
Well if your so strong for Brexit why are you not supporting her ? After all she needs all the all the help she can get with the back stabbing brexiteers in her own party all claiming they could do better but too spineless to help her
Noooooooo...... I wouldn't give you the steam off my wizz.
Here is the Prime Minister a few months ago saying the backstop threatens the Union &amp; no British PM would ever sign up to it....she cannot be trusted. Paragraph 50 guaranteeing the Northern Ireland Assembly a role also removed #Brexit
Watching and all the NI politicians slagging off Brexit and arguing political leaders within Parliament. You are in no position to slag off anyone in politics. 2 years, no government.... you’re the laughing stock of politics! Do us a favour &amp; get back to Stormont
ahem!
I think we need to concentrate less on brexit and more on tackling knife crime with sufficient sentences being given out by magistrates.
Because all vaguely credible Brexit opinions (and, let’s face it, they won’t discuss anything but Brexit) are well represented already. It’s not a party political thing.
Next time another Swede asks me about Brexit I’m going to ask them why their trains no longer work in winter.
Where is the Empathy in Britain anymore? Fuck Brexit
Does anyone truly believe in Polls anymore after they failed to predict Trump and Brexit? Idiots. Sarah Vine, whos she then?
Thoroughly deserved thank you for all you do
I trust you'll be voting for Remain and doing everything to make it a reality? Brexit is a dangerous fantasy.
I have never seen some stupid politicians as those in the UK. They are incompetent, indecisive and undemocratic. They are in parliament to represent their pockets and not the will of the people #Brexit
Reminder of Project Fear before the referendum and they’re all at it again!! They were totally wrong then and are again now......
Is it just me, or has almost every member of the public featured on Sky, BBC, C4 news “vox pops” over the last few days, been supportive of Theresa May’s Brexit deal? Yet according to YouGov, 42% of the population oppose the deal…So what’s going on? #Newsnight
The difference - Trump answered a question posed to him by the press outside the White House. Obama flew from the US all the way to the UK and was given a platform, by Cameron, to address the UK nation telling them that UK would be at the back of the Q, in trade, if voted brexit.
Are you classing all people who voted for Brexit as fascists? With the amount of small marches against Brexit why is it wrong the vote WINNERS can't do the same?
If they want to stop us having our peaceful marches then the only alternative would be marches of war, as no one's human rights are less than is that what human right is equallity. Tommy is a human and to us a good one. Tommy has my support.
The latest Mike's Daily Dose! Thanks to #cdnpoli #brexit
The thing is, the “Brexit ultras” don’t seem to understand that even under “no deal” we’ll still have to abide by these rules as manufacturers in Europe won’t want to make products to multiple specifications and UK consumers won’t be willing to pay the extra price if they did.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
A Brexit divided?
The Council completely disregarded 89 residents’ submissions because they came from a neighbouring area. How can that be fair?
Duhh, anyone with two IQ points knew that this was an artificially constructed ploy to frustrate a real Brexit.
First of many? Open skies deal that Brexit Britain may agree with the US is not as good as the US / EU deal that we have benefitted from to date....
Crack on, thanks bye #brexit #withdrawalagreement #WithdrawlAgreement #BrexitDeal
More fake news from mainstream journalists trying to influence Brexit via
We had a Peoples Vote - Brexit won!! You want a Losers Vote. No upside to Brexit - i certainly hope there is if not English will become a minority language where I live overtaken by Polish !!
No problem
May treated Labour MPs like idiots? What did they expect when they acted like idiots just by turning up.
Unfortunately, it takes a readjustment of prices, debt relieve, lease renegotiations, and maybe other kinds of support. Think of Brexit, without these systems in place it could be a quick death as opposed to a slow one, without curbing the addiction of the apocalyptic markets.
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
Brits need to Take the Brexit Betrayal Fight to the Streets Bring Britain tk a Standstill bring Your Car's Van's Lorries Buses even your Mobility Scooters to Whitehall 9th December 2018
EXCLUSIVE: Far-Left Group Who Attacked Rees-Mogg TARGET Working-Class Brexit March via
Morgan obviously has very very low expectations of the The rest of us expected her to be true to #brexit and are hugely disappointed ... And she has now started #operationbullshit to scare us with the thought of a wtobrexit instead of her sellout plan ..
No. That date of 2020 is determinate on the trade deal being agreed. I highlighted visa free to open your eyes. You really should read the small print #brexit
tomorrow at the HoP big Brexit demo at midday. BREXITOMETER ACTION DAY IN WESTMINSTER (1 of 2) Statement on FB from the protesters [...] turn your Brexitometers into protest placards and bring them to London. [...] are going to photo bomb the 1 o'clock TV broadcasts
May's Brexit is an English rebellion wrapped in a Union flag
No more warehouses to stockpile food for no-deal Brexit 'because Amazon may have booked them up'
She is trying in her clumsy wait to put pressure on MPs, hence the leaflet
NHS no deal Brexit plans will be activated 'before Christmas' if MPs vote dow... +1 UKBot #UK #news
Sign this please and get everyone you know to sign it.
Welcome to Brexit &amp; beyond ! I say hang Farage - Gove - Johnson &amp; Co
What’s the purpose of two people debating rival “unicorn” Brexit plans when the majority in the country supports
I'd welcome a public vote once we know that there's no way to get acceptable terms for leaving. But the anti-brexit People's Vote campaign that simply says the Leave voters were wrong is divisive and counter-productive.
GTF Jeremy Corbyn
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
My main worry is that no deal #Brexit really is end of days stuff, it's like collective self harm and no responsible person should ever put it on a ballot paper. But it may yet turn out to be the only way to end this farce.
Forget May v Corbyn, This Is The Brexit TV Debate We SHOULD See
The delusion is complete. The biggest shock will be if people don’t openly and publicly tell her to fuck right off with her EU-sponsored Brexit Means Remain ‘deal’. Brexit: Back my deal or risk more division, May to tell MPs - BBC News
When it comes to Theresa May's brexit deal, there is no left or right to it. Not all Tommy Robinson supporters voted leave, not all of the left voted remain, not all #PeoplesVote wanters voted one way and they aren't all from one side of the political spectrum. 1/2
Property market in Brexit freeze: Slump in homes put up for sale as new prospective buyers stay away - This is Money
I wonder what would've happened had Gould led Labour in 1992 on a Brexit platform? Discuss
Daily Mail back to it’s old ways supporting Brexit
Three quarters of UK carmakers fear no-deal Brexit - SMMT
Equal last
Article 24 of the WTO’s General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade gives Britain 10 years of 0 tariffs with the EU after a #NoDeal #Brexit. People are spreading panic for purely political purposes.
EU nations are getting rid of the worst member, whose economic collapse they are going to benefit from enormously. We still need their goods.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
One wonders if the French had wanted to #Brexit would they just be taking the greedy #EU Gravy Train treatment and offer, lying down and thinking of England!
So when May lost her majority at the last election,it was a vote against #Brexit? How odd then that Corbyn continued to support Brexit, Or is it that an election is about many things and a referendum isn't? Why so reluctant to let people vote on whether they still want Brexit?
Dear Femi. You talk absolute crap. Give up.
These Tories are nothing more than gangsters &amp; thieves.
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
Let’s fund our NHS bus doesn’t actually say that would or will be used to fund it. It’s an example of what you could put money towards #brexit
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
I just demanded that the broadcasters promise fair representation in the TV Brexit debates. I think the public should hear from anti-Brexit voices as well as Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn. Add your name to 's petition:
No doubt MI-5 has the embassy well covered. I wonder if the leak to the Guardian was revenge for Trump's statement on Brexit, the previous day which enraged Theresa May.
Here is the Prime Minister a few months ago saying the backstop threatens the Union &amp; no British PM would ever sign up to it....she cannot be trusted. Paragraph 50 guaranteeing the Northern Ireland Assembly a role also removed #Brexit
If you missed last night's #Brexit #Newsnight here's the ERG's Marcus Fysh floundering...
should NOT be allowed to cover up #LegalAdvice on such a serious issue. If she's hiding it, then it's bad and she's doing MORE lying about #Brexit.
Watch out: Michael Gove Unleashed As May’s ‘Secret Weapon’ In Bid To Sell Brexit Deal To Tory MPs - HuffPost UK
It's a puzzle.
Immigration plans might not be published before Brexit vote, says Javid
So now migration is a human right and ridicule of it is now punishable by this made up dictatorships law making borders etc a farce and trying to get it signed off before this stupid brexit deal may is trying to sell us out with and people wonder why we voted out
Disgrace. I think that’s what is now called a teaching moment. How have we allowed such bigoted uneducated and racist behaviour to go unchallenged from parents to children. With the far right and #Brexit pervasive we should worry for the future of our society.
See that the #brexit #projectfear propaganda campaign is well underway
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
They have something to hide.
She will hopefully get another one.
Brexit is bad and absolutely disastrous. The UN agreement is the longest suicide any group of countries have ever made. Replace us, with legal migrants, who cannot be refused entry for any reason.
Yes. I guess remain will cease to be an option if Brexit happens. But rejoin will replace remain. Any Brexit outcome will always fall to be assessed against EU membership... and I suspect it will always be found wanting. 1/
Brexit Brit is just a full of shit tit !!!!
A huge majority agree this #BRexit deal is a BAD DEAL, &amp; promised “No Deal is better than a Bad Deal”. We all now know that a #WTO #NODEAL is the only way to #LeaveEU &amp; it was always inevitable. Let’s getting planning for it now :)
Please sign it
All the rhetoric, take back our country, control our borders, queue jumpers and all the never ending scaremongering pish put out by fascist rags like the Daily Mail has fuelled right wing racists in the UK. #Brexit has played a part in this no doubt in my mind.
Do you agree with #brexit position? If you answer yes please explain what you think it is in replies.
Big difference is we know who funds the IFS as they declare it - all those backing Brexit like the Institute of Economic Affairs &amp; bodies linked to the Tufton Street Mafia? Not a clue, hidden dark money linked to US food and drugs companies probably.
Well deserved , in this era of propaganda and emnity against the free press. Bravo!
As my local MP, I would be grateful if you could please support &amp; the brexit deal, for the sake of certainty and economic stability. Thank you.
Reassuring to know they're weighing up what is or isn't politically expedient. Every cabinet minister - every minister - should ask themselves: is this 'deal' *really* in our country's interest? If they think 'yes': fine. Proceed behind Mrs. May. But if not, resign. And end this.
Britain enters the 'Greek fallacy' phase of Brexit #business
My MP wants Brexit but May’s deal isn’t extreme enough ! I wrote asking him to support Peoples Vote and had reply. He doesn’t have a problem with a hard Irish border and even thinks it would be good ! Doesn’t listen to his constituents. Dr Andrew Murrison, Tory MP.
Theresa May needs to go #brexit
Should be done by a separate entity so its not biased! The Government is to set out its analysis of the economic impact of Brexit as Theresa May battles to save her deal for leaving the European Union. #PeoplesVoteNow #MayMustGo #FBPE
Nailed it
Keep it up
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
Wrong yet again lammy. Sounds like you've been to the same arithmetical class as another of your discredited colleagues. Give people the brexit they voted for. In terms of resign in disgrace - off you go fella, long overdue.
But their inability to be honest is costing them. The lie that no deal is better than a bad deal made Leavers believe no deal was a viable option. They now feel a perfectly executable Brexit has been taken away from them.
How can they debate when they are both on the same side regarding Brexit? #NotBuyingIt #StopBrexitSaveBritain
Standard brexit monkey mentality: "How dare European immigrants move to Britain while I, an 'expatriate' live in Europe." Hypocrite much...
Good to hear a lot of politicians saying there is a better deal with the EU out there than May’s mixed-up mess of one. Bloody annoying though that not many of them realise it’s the one we’ve already got #brexit
Trump Disparages Brexit Deal, Blindsiding May
If you’re a Proofreader in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a failure for you. If you live in the North East of England then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this mess! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Here is the Prime Minister a few months ago saying the backstop threatens the Union &amp; no British PM would ever sign up to it....she cannot be trusted. Paragraph 50 guaranteeing the Northern Ireland Assembly a role also removed #Brexit
Lmao Brexit just gets dumber and dumber
Good to see that the #brexit #projectfear propaganda campaign is well underway
Ahhh Mike Harding .... finally I love you. Everyone must read this #PeoplesVote #StopBrexitSaveBritain
119000 of them were after the UK Brexit result when brits locates Irish grandparents
This definitely suggests that all is fine and dandy. No need to worry.
Carole Cadwalladr wins Foreign Press award for Trump and Brexit work
If Arlene Foster &amp; #DUP are true to their word there's only 3 options that keeps DUP on side &amp; guarantees their continued support 1) Remain in EU 2) EFTA or 3) No deal #Brexit. Two of these options are politically unachievable without #PeoplesVote or GE. #newsnight
Nothing ; as Brexit will bring back control to our boarders! Let them come in, not long to go before March 2019.
interesting read?
Totally with this. I have reached the the point where I cannot even listen to this woman. Her body language is more out of sync with what she is saying than anyone I have ever seen. That...
Trump’s Brexit bomb is a brutal reminder that May’s work has barely started | Gaby Hinsliff | Opinion | The Guardian
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
Hardly an extremist. Campaigning legally for a democratic referendum to give everyone a #FinalSay on Brexit. That's not anti democratic. I'm not a Trump fan. He's a narcissist, mysoginist, racist bigot and a crook. And yes, I'm proud to be a cyclist. How about you?
Fresh row looms as No 10 refuses to publish full Brexit legal advice
Me when I hear Theresa May talk about the state of Brexit...
I fucking detest bullies. Had enough of them as a kid, and some in adult life. Seeing this is painful. I’d jump in to help any child being needlessly bullied. Hope others would do the same
This is more about the morons who voted for Brexit in the belief that Trump supported it. But you probably have no idea anyway. "Bless"...
Good.
is the First Minister saying that just “Scots” will be poorer if the current Brexit deal is approved or all people living in Scotland? According to your program tonight she seems to be under the impression that only Scots live in Scotland.
98 #Conservatives MPs going to vote against #Brexit deal Join them Please sign and retweet this petition #StandUp4Brexit #MayMustGo
Panic over, Brexiteers! Quietly, behind the scenes, a WTO deal to #Brexit calmy has been worked out. Game on. Ignore Parliament. They've ballsed up democracy. Better people have been at work.
Theresa May’s lack of honesty knows no bounds as she authorises another Brexit cover-up by blocking full publication of legal advice on her Agreement. What is she trying to hide, &amp; why does she think it’s her job to do so? #newsnight
Turkey’s belatedly regret voting for Christmas. Leave voters hit by austerity now realise how EU membership benefits them, study finds
Need a WTO Brexit to scupper this ...
British people back May's Brexit deal, exclusive poll finds
involve the courts IMMEDIATELY
Polls at the time of the EU ref showed 1/3 of Leave voters wanted to stay in the Single Market, many of those are likely to prefer Remaining than Hard Brexit. A referendum without pre-written legislation &amp; with such a vague outcome met no democratic standard. (Swing victory 635k)
this is on you
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
#TheresaMay “In future, our laws will be made, interpreted and enforced by our own courts and legislatures.” Ignoring the Commons, an example of her sincerity
How about Jacob Rees-Mogg and Gisela Stuart debating Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn? #Brexit
Translation: The UK Government announced a plan. Didn't think through the consequences of that plan. Allowed those who DID to make their move. And is now screwed. Yes. This deserves the mightiest &lt;Facedesk&gt;
May in being PM was forced to negotiate and be the 'fall guy' for Brexit. She has worked out that the ONE way of surviving this was to negotiate and go for ANOTHER General Election, Everyone says she's a public servant but she'll watch the country BURN for her career
European court to rule on whether article 50 can be reversed
If anyone is foolish enough to think Trump will still be the President, if Brexit happens, they shouldn’t be running a whelk stall never mind trade negs or the country!!
Huge crowds again I note!!!!!. Set up and pathetic. #GTTO
Of course, she won't be 'selling' Brexit through the indigenous Scottish newspaper The National as it's banned from her Glasgow press conference. Scottish journalistic solidarity in the face of this Trump style censorship?
It makes us all poorer.
UK parliament would reject Brexit deal if vote was held now - UK minister
UKGOV THERESA MAY A POISONED CHALICE OF BETRAYAL TREASON 2 HER MAJESTY #policemedia POLICE FORCES LEFT2 ROT LIKE NHS ESPIONAGE DEEP STATE MALICEAFORETH BREXIT SCAM UKCOLUMN EX MILITARY PRIVATE EYE UK SOLD DOWN RIVER TROJAN HORSE
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
Brexiter of suggesting favour Theresa May's #Brexit proposal - don't myself believe this for one minute. Anyone have the truth?
A history of letting ppl down so is there any surprise that this be the case? Never mind about the 17.4m Leave voters why on earth did he campaign for Leave in 2016? Should have walked last week &amp; he will never get anywhere near the top job. #Brexit #Standup4brexit #DitchTheDeal
Tory divisions: the factions preparing for fall of May's Brexit deal
Arlene Foster "believes" there's a better brexit deal to be negotiated, without a backstop. She also believes in Noah's Ark, that doesn't mean it's real.
Wonder if Remainers are still so confident they would win a 2nd Referendum. As my followers will know, I have always been confident they would lose it if it happened.
This response to Theresa May’s letter has gone viral
the Mail being taken over by a Blairite and going to war with Brexit is the most fun twist of the year. Shall make Brexit sweeter
Join me in campaigning for Parliament to keep all options open #brexit #StopBrexitSaveBritain #remain #eu
#Brexit Duress status has changed from yellow to amber. Stresses between people, parliament and the EU will magnify. Logic and compromise will be threatened by increasingly emotional and irrational outbursts. Attempts to work around democracy and its functions will be made.
Appropriate song for #Brexit tour
Please sign and retweet this. Make them hear you.
Brexit: European court to rule on whether the UK can revoke Article 50 and stay in EU
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
The handmaidens of #Brexit, whoever they are and from whichever Party, will impoverish and end the #NHS It really is that simple
Boris: Brexit debate must include Brexiteer
Good to see that the #brexit #projectfear propaganda campaign is well underway
Bollocks to that. We know Brexit is impossible to deliver the promises made were lies and ignorance. There is no deal as good as Remain so a peoples vote including the previously disenfranchised UK in EU is needed. No Lies on Busses, No Russian money or interference, a real vote
Ministers consider backing ‘Norway plus’ as Brexit plan B – The Guardian
Most of the funny #LiteraryBrexit parodies have focused on 20th century books, but the closest literary parallel to Brexit which comes to my mind is with the 3000-year-old, ancient Egyptian Tale of Wenamun, preserved on papyrus Pushkin 120. (A thread)
As, at present, we make the rules with 27 other nations the issue of taking rules only arises once we've left the EU. That's when we'll have to take rules from the US &amp; China &amp; others as well as the EU. #BrexitReality #NotBuyingIt #PeoplesVote #Brexit
There is not a Parliamentary impasse the Document will get rejected and we then should Leave under a No Deal. The UK needs politicians with Drive and Loyalty that follow Democracy not lily-livered snakes-the-grass who get elected under manifestos they don't support. Resign.
Government has binding motion to publish in full. Failure to make good will rightly make anyone wavering think twice about supporting deal.
Here is the Prime Minister a few months ago saying the backstop threatens the Union &amp; no British PM would ever sign up to it....she cannot be trusted. Paragraph 50 guaranteeing the Northern Ireland Assembly a role also removed #Brexit
Tory divisions: the factions preparing for fall of May's Brexit deal
No then, at superb speech by
The Great Brexit Betrayal!
Tory divisions: the factions preparing for fall of May's Brexit deal
#Resist the rabbithole of #Brexit
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
I block all anti Corbyn, FBPE hijacking, guardian quoting tweeters no matter how many followers they've managed to con.
Charles was my political hero. I miss him deeply. '15 years ago, we ignored Charles Kennedy’s warnings about the Iraq war – today, they directly apply to Brexit'
GAH. Autocorrect. Dividend'. Not divided. Although we have been thoroughly divided by brexit.
But we will be stuck in the backstop.
“Oh God! It’s that bloody Theresa May again. Banging on about Brexit.” #Newsnight
Happy to explain, Henry. May, in my opinion, is planning her exit as a Brexit martyr. So, she does pointless things that inevitably lead to her being ousted as PM. Retirement on the beach is what she is ainming for. Tell me if I am wrong.
Well the vote on brexit is the 11th I've had confirmation, we could sit here all night and say why but we will get nowhere because we are being run by a corrupt government. The way the government has treated the public horrendous and killed the Conservatives..
Our motives for voting #leave were to prevent us from this
- very well done - proud of you - we voted different ways in the referendum but we are together in believing this has to be the best deal for the country - #realism #moderation
Trump’s Brexit bomb is a brutal reminder that May’s work has barely started | Gaby Hinsliff
brexit means brexit, don't like it know where the door is.
These bullies when identified must be expelled from school, charged for hate crimes and locked up. Brexit supporters must bear responsibility for the racist and bigoted ideologies
IF you haven’t signed this, Please Do, and share. It’s even worse than Brexit...
Brexit means Less control of our money, border, laws and trade. #Brexit
The #Brexit news May &amp; Corbyn don’t want the UK public and UK MPs to hear. The EU Council &amp; EU Commission have just confirmed they believe A50 is unilaterally revocable. Great work by &amp; team.
Government to set out economic impact of Brexit on Wednesday as Theresa May fights to save her deal
all anti brexit heads r in London. no NO it all BREXIT BREXIT CONSERVATIVE BREXIT. America KNOW im racist, look at the TV, its ALL screen, THIS GUY
"Norway" isn't BrExit. Both the LEAVE and REMAIN campaigns ruled it out because it is another form of vassal state, doesn't answer the Irish border issue and we Norway doesn't want us to rejoin EFTA anyway. #Newsnight
This response from the great Mike Harding to Theresa May’s letter has gone viral (fitting on Lancashire Day):
Here are the 12 [now 10] Labour MPs who are considering voting FOR Theresa May’s Brexit deal via
DUP reveals REAL reason why Irish businesses support Theresa May's Brexit deal
Logically, that's a yes. Regardless, my clarification could serve as a stand-alone argument to augment all of Dave's good points re. why #Brexit is so crucial for the UK's future and why #NoDeal makes sound sense.
Poll backs May's bent Brexit deal. As a leaver, I say that poll is bullshit!
BuzzFeed News has been leaked details of 57 dummy amendments that Theresa May’s aides fear could be laid by Tory and Labour rebels if the government wins the meaningful vote on the Brexit withdrawal deal
Pretty sharp.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
Steve Bray is THE MAN! Steve 2 - 0 #Brexit Biased Corporation. Loooooolz
Senior UK academics call for people’s vote to save universities
The dishonesty &amp; deceit of #TheresaMay. Supposedly Appealing to the peoplr denying us a #PeoplesVote and attempting to silence parliament. #BrexitDeal #brexitchaos
He'll move over to Labour once Brexit occurs I think
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
The #Brexit news May &amp; Corbyn don’t want the UK public and UK MPs to hear. The EU Council &amp; EU Commission have just confirmed they believe A50 is unilaterally revocable. Great work by &amp; team.
In case you weren’t frightened already #brexit
How in Gods name have Tory representatives &amp; servants of the public not honoured their obligations &amp; Handed in their letters? It’s criminal. The Conservative party is dead &amp; along with it democracy - it’s time to act #BrexitBetrayal #maymust #BrexitBetrayalMar
I just demanded that the broadcasters promise fair representation in the TV Brexit debates. I think the public should hear from anti-Brexit voices as well as Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn. Add your name to 's petition:
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
Such a commited and inventive man. He should be in the BREXIT debate. For the unexpected!
Only because a Remain MP sabotaged Brexit and stopped it from happening
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
Your occasional reminder that the Brexit clusterfuck has always been a pissing contest to be Tory leader and the Mail now backs Gove because we still haven’t hit rock bottom.
Abe welcomes Brexit deal in call with May #japanese #japan #news
I really respect all the work which is being done to devise least worst versions of Brexit. But they are all exercises in damage limitation; and it seems futile to focus on that. 2/2
There won't be any cats or litter after #Brexit remember.
EU Leaders Approve Brexit Deal via
Brexit means Brexit.
Theresa Mays team have blocked the from attending the media Q&amp;A session. on her visit to Scotland. She also refuses to debate Nicola Sturgeon. It appears May only wants questions from those who support the Union and who support her Brexit plan. #Runningscared
She's conveniently failed to mention the Brixton riots and 2 x Tottenham riots. All 3 linked with racial undertones between local communities and Police. All 3 long before Brexit.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
Cunts sayin 16year olds are too young/uninformed tae vote, while Brexit an Tory voter Margaret, 71, has just put her shoes in the oven an her dinner in the fuckin cupboard
See that the #brexit #projectfear propaganda campaign is well underway
FM should be there but they don't want anybody to say the truth so get FM in for debate she speaks for the truth
Note all the other sheeple-in-training doing f-all about it. Another bunch of waste-of-space sheeple in the making, not one of them worth the air they breathe.. fuckin pathetic. No wonder the world's in the state it's in. Now let's talk some more about Armageddon brexit sheeple..
The sun still slate her, and promote brexit. I like the sun.
No Brexit would be amazing, but it needs Labour to support it. In the meantime the backstop is essential for our protection while GB decides what it's doing.
I think you mean “Labour should have nothing to do with Brexit”?
ok -we wont watch it then!!#boycottdebate
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Asked BBC what their rationale was. Still waiting to hear.
#madcatlady Tell me Andrew - were you ever awarded one of these when you were a journalist?
Blog of direct relevance to the #landuseconf conference in Edinburgh over next two days organised by
I wonder if #Brexit tour of the UK is paving the way for the deal or no deal question to be put to the country in a #PeoplesVote...? #newsnight
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
Brexit is unraveling quickly now.
I wonder what could be trying to hide?
The men in suits around her are desperately trying to hold onto their jobs. It’s as though the PM can’t think for herself. Theresa May could suffer a 200-vote defeat when the Commons decides on her Brexit deal — dealing a fatal blow to her Premiership
we know, am sure even outer Mongolia knows,, so lets get on with getting out
So we’ll said. This fantastic response to Theresa May’s #Brexit letter is going viral
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
This is extremely dangerous and potentially self defeating by the Tories. If they subsequently call an election on her deal, there will be a compelling legal challenge to have that £9m go down as election expenses (and a significant GDPR violation?).
'People were sold a lie': Ruthin restless over May's Brexit deal
We should never throw away our current standards in pharmaceuticals &amp; food in order to placate Brexit. Those who voted Brexit won so get over it but libertarians who are prepared to leave at any cost will destroy the UK. The few, as always, will benefit, the many will struggle.
Chris, despite what you think a huge number of our Labour voters want to leave the EU and by you saying "Brexit is reversible" you are ignoring genuine worries of our electorate! we must find a #Brexit that works for the working class of this country! #PeoplesBrexit #JC4PM
Terraforming Mars. Why don't they just get on with it? #Brexit
'Peopel were sold a lie': Ruthin restless over yaM's Brexit deal
BREAKING May pitches Brexit plan to Scotland ahead of crucial vote
Theresa May Launches National Campaign to Win Crunch Brexit Vote
May pitches Brexit plan to Scotland ahead of crucial vote via
Brexit - UK govt to allow parliament to amend Brexit deal motion
UK Column News - 1st June 2017 #brexit #Soros
Theresa May Launches National Campaign to Win Crunch Brexit Vote
Abe welcomes Brexit deal in call with May
May pitches Brexit plan to Scotland ahead of crucial vote
Nobody unless brexit is leave completely , like people voted for. Untill then i won't bother because what is the point? Like the famous old saying goes// 'They would'nt let you vote if it made a difference'. How true.
Weren’t we told that Brexit would enable the rUK to trade with the whole world? Or would they choose not to deal with the EU if Scotland were to choose that path?
By ‘Secret Weapon’ does she mean ‘Amphibious Alien Attempting to Disguise Itself as Human’?
No 10 tries to keep Sturgeon off televised Brexit debate via
Brexit makes me very, very sad.
When will realise that her “deal” has no chance of getting through parliament. Just because BOBs are bored of Brexit is no reason for MPs to vote it through. Probably bored because have low attention span- be most BOBs voted leave in the first place Ironic
NHS no deal #Brexit plans launch 'before Christmas if MPs reject deal'
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
And yes as an EU citizen who had no voice in the Brexit referendum i am a bit touchy about any public authority disenfranchising significant numbers of residents.
Mike Harding, I salute you!
Write to your MP today to tell them you're #NotBuyingIt. No one wants this dodgy #Brexit deal. Demand a #PeoplesVote:
STV News ^ | | May to make case for Brexit agreement in Scotland visit Theresa May will visit Scotland on Wednesday as she seeks to promote the draft Brexit agreement she says is a "good deal" for businesses both north and south of the border. First M…
Government’s post-Brexit immigration plans face delays as key MPs turn on ‘isolated’ PM over visas for low-skilled EU workers
I don't care about Brexit. Dems want to decriminalize illegal border crossing. Dems support abolishing ICE. Dems want amnesty for all 22 mil here illegally. Dems want sanctuary cities and shield criminals even those that commit heinous crimes. 1/
‘Part of our FAMILY!’ Gibraltar will ALWAYS be British, ambassador vows
Even if she had no GE in 2017, the PM would not have got this WA deal through on 2015 GE. Shows the utter rejection that reminds me of May leading a Charge of the Light Brigade style push towards political oblivion. Question is, will it be the Tories oblivion?
Michael Gove Unleashed As May’s ‘Secret Weapon’ In Bid To Sell Brexit Deal To Tory MPs Madness, but funny
Here is the Prime Minister a few months ago saying the backstop threatens the Union &amp; no British PM would ever sign up to it....she cannot be trusted. Paragraph 50 guaranteeing the Northern Ireland Assembly a role also removed #Brexit
Tories refusing to have the SNP on the brexit debate, Why should Scotland have a say? We never voted for Brexit. Brexit is an English thing.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
This woman is a two faced liar and a coward, grovelling on her hands and knees to the enemy ! TRAITOR !
Of course it must be a cross-party debate. There's far too much at stake to leave May and Corbyn to bodge it all up!
Theresa May’s pathetucally deluded letter is going down like a lead balloon but not before provoking this furious response.
I was invited to take part in a debate about food standards, food justice, food security. The way this is being advertised is not what I was told to expect. I will take part but I am very surprised to see the event billed in this way.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
Anyway I’m not saying it’s a definite goer just thought it solves many of the problems brexit throws up.
The #DowningStDictatrix strikes again!
The far right is marching for Brexit. Will the left stand against it? | Michael Chessum
NOW THAT'S WHAT I CALL A "BITCH SLAP!" SLAP A TORY IN THE HOLY NAME OF JESUS!..
Democracy in action, folks. Better Together?
BBC Scotland’s political editor under fire after news report pokes fun at FM’s Brexit press conference
Difficult isn't it. Reality is lots of Brexit fanatics want that option and will shout foul long and hard if option removed. And they would have a point. Also...ffs where's the argument for eu reform..an approach that doesn't force eurozone..eh?
Hurrah! But if May’s leading the way, tories will lose. So better get rid of her and put Boris in charge. That would guarantee a win.
Be great if we could split the country in half and let the BREXIT lot live in one half in their idea of paradise.
Well, if you’re going to quote it as you did, you need to put it on here for everyone to make up their own minds. Oh, and incidentally, Brexit does not mean racism and xenophobia, far from it! Please don’t be brainwashed my friend!
On the brink: UK political crisis!
Amber Rudd said Parliament would not allow A no deal Brexit
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
So are we just going to get a sexed up dossier again, instead of the truth? Same old lies and sleight of hand, hiding the truth to manipulate the outcome.
The backstop protects the GFA with Irish citizens in the North remaining EU citizens and able to take advantage of all things EU. The backstop seals that. Moderate nationalists would be quite happy with that. Hard brexit will result in a border poll. Unionists are slow learners.
Stupid boy ! Obama Was talking against Brexit. Trump is saying it's not the Brexit the British people voted for. Under Mays' proposals we're effectively staying in the EU,&amp; paying for the privilege.
What's EFTA got to do with Brexit??? 17.4 million voted for full control again.
Superb. Would be perfect if Mike had added a reference Scotland's 62 percent vote.
Maybe it was more about Grenfell and windrush? Not everything is about brexit, however unfortunate.
There is no point. If the subject is Brexit they should just have a cosy chat over a cup of tea. No, I'm sure he sees it as another chance to be at the dispatch box, What he says is great but if we leave the EU ..... HOW THE FUCK CAN HE AFFORD IT.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
Yet you still could not explain why Brexit was more catastrophic than austerity. We’re still waiting.
#TheresaMay would be better sorting out #UniversalCredit and #nhs than touring round the country on government money and talking to people who do not get a vote on this #brexit deal
NOT ENOUGH!!!!!!
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
If Brexit is halted by a second vote then hopefully the press down there will go so mental they’ll vote for their own independence then kick us blissfully out!
Oh and crackpot Minford wants to close down our car industry and half our manufacturing. Tell that to those factory workers who voted for Brexit - their jobs are a price worth paying!
maybe you surf take a look at this… this is what is happening now. Don’t know abt you but this and what this represents is everything that is wrong with uk attitude to others. Sickening. Brexit has amplified and permitted. Shameful.
Rather amusing reminder that 3 years ago the relationship with the #EU featured on page 72 of the conservative election manifesto. I’m so so glad we progressed points 1 to 6 before we started on fixing the enormous problem that is Europe. #brexit
Bring it on
Brilliant unique Great Britain Union Jack UK Brexit Trump Short Sleeve T-shirt. Great birthday gift! Buy risk free at #tshirtprinting #tshirtart #artworkshops #uk #brexit #buckingham #queen
#TheresaMay accused of 'dangerous' Brexit cover-up as she blocks full publication of legal advice on her deal via You need to read this May is refusing to publish legal papers quote "this is very serious"
The #Brexit news May &amp; Corbyn don’t want the UK public and UK MPs to hear. The EU Council &amp; EU Commission have just confirmed they believe A50 is unilaterally revocable. Great work by &amp; team.
Brexiteer reveals HUGE difference between EU membership and May's deal in SHOCK warning
No 10 rejects call to include Nicola Sturgeon in TV #Brexit debate #indyref
But where is Project Smart! British ppl not idiots! Talking Points, Talking Points everywhere and not a new thing said! Stocks in must be going through the roof though. Can we call this post-Brexit Armageddon scenario B2K?! #Brexit #BrexitDeal
So well said. This fantastic response to Theresa May’s #Brexit letter is going viral
Government’s post-Brexit immigration plans face delays as key MPs turn on ‘isolated’ PM over visas for low-skilled EU workers
Throughout the Brexit camp lurk dishonesty, incompetence and obfuscation. The latest example of this is Parliament being denied access to the full legal position on Brexit and 'the deal' and then expected to vote informed only by TM's homework report on Why My Deel is Grate.
Don't go that way, Mrs May, we haven't checked if those people are Conservatives..... #brexit #glasgow #TheresaMay
Trump’s Brexit bomb is a reminder that May’s work has just started: as she strains to persuade the UK that her compromise deal isn’t as bad as it sounds, Trump declares that Britain “may not be able to trade with” America in future | Gaby Hinsliff
How are these statements compatible?
You just know it is not going to happen
I listen campaign from both sides they was all concentrate what they will got and other what they will lost but nobody warn people ok if BREXIT will be done then we will need to pay this or we will have problems with this I did with my comments
You can use to write to your MP - I don't care which way you voted 2 years ago, or whether you did not vote at all. Your MP deserves to know your views now, rather than Trumped up Lobbyists rubbing their fingers over the possibility of taking over the NHS
#NoDealNoProblem No deal is the best deal #DrainTheDeepState #brexit #BrexitBetrayal
I want to say number 2. However, may be difficult to stay focused with the fluidity of brexit situation atm.
Blimey. Mayhem.
Give me Boaty over Brexit any day.
Has anyone else here noticed how Remainers always bang-on about the 'possible' negative economic implications of Brexit, like they are spoiled middle class brats who do not want their very cosy first world lives to become a little bit more expensive?
Uh-oh. EEA is not an alternative to a customs union. No answer to Irish border without CU or the backstop. Norway+ deal would have to be EEA+CU with EU #newsnight #Brexit
Europe's top court says it will decide "quickly" whether Britain can unilaterally reverse its decision to leave the European Union, a ruling supporters of EU membership hope could lead to a second referendum and ultimately stop Brexit:
Over two years old, this tweet of mine. #Justsaying #Visionary #NorwayPlus #Newsnight #EFTA
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
What a muppet. How can anyone take seriously.
Why so supremely relaxed about a “second vote” when it’s premised upon the markets going haywire and scaring the shit out of everyone? Yet more brinksmanship lunacy from the Tory Party but hey fucking ho, holidays are comin’. #Newsnight #Brexit
Prime Minister #TheresaMay meets farmers and producers to discuss #Brexit deal at Royal Welsh
Hit the Brexit
Ever? Irish unity will set England free to Brexit like Agincourt &amp; 1066 squared
You would think by now it would be obvious to everyone that whatever money we currently give to the EU, after Brexit we can decide what we spend it on. Why Remainers keep calling this a lie is beyond me
I've spent the last few weeks watching UKIP tear itself apart again.. more interested in personalities than BREXIT!
Oh no! UK £150bn worse off if No Deal #Brexit. May I humbly advise the Government no-one is listening anymore. Timed out.
Half Italian? Maybot will have you on the first boat out after Brexit. Erm spaghetti boy.
I vote fir the latter. What was all that about her hubby bring able to profit from Brexit. Along with others of course ?
I don't pretend to understand all the elements of GDP. What I do understand is any form of Brexit will be very damaging to the economy. If Brexit is going to get good why have Leavers not provided economic figures to show this. Only ones I've seen are bad
BoE and British Gov will deliver their assessments of the economic impact of Brexit on Wed.
Arlene is some businesswoman, though. After a £1bn bung she's £500m ahead. #AndIDoAccuseTheresaMayOfManyThings
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
But knowing , she will link all 3 riots with Brexit.
Ozzy is a brainless idiot.
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
#newsnight Well we've just had the Jackanory guide to Brexit. When do we get the intelligent adult's guide? #DumbedDownBBC
It will be gone long before brexit. There have been too few people fighting for it over the past 8 years. Now people are finally waking up. Why didn't they notice before all the brexit stuff started?
So you are a remainer? And would you forgive the for making Brexit a joke and us - the people and the the laughing stock of the nation and the world?
Why Brexit is tearing the United Kingdom apart
You seem to believe that achieving Brexit will represent the conclusion of the ‘far-right’ agenda and their dubious ambitions. In my opinion, nothing could be further from the truth. This is why Brexit must, must be thwarted.
Yes good old David. The man who was so arrogant that he genuinely didn't plan for the people to vote for Brexit, then when they did, didn't have the bollocks to see it through. Coward. Good old David.
I've got a post-Brexit vision: a literal #GlobalBritain
Is the rise in knife crime also a direct link to Brexit? Do Kids of the same race kill each other in cold blood because of Brexit which they perhaps no nothing of it even care about.........
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
The difference between brexit and remain was just two in every hundred believing the bus
Government to set out economic impact of #Brexit as May fights to save her...
Seriosly. Forgotten.. by who? Those in the Westminster bubble? #brexit has serious lost opportunity costs. THIS is one of them. Our politicians are asleep at the wheel. #madness #peoplesvote The Guardian view on Ukraine: a forgotten crisis flares up
It’s really promising to see get the airtime which he has received as of late. Great representative of Cumbrian politics and makes very sensible points on Brexit
Forcing #Brexit through against the will of the majority will destroy the careers of all those responsible. The public will demand retribution for a destructive action won by cheating, crime, lies &amp; foreign interference &amp; forced on the people without their consent.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
lmao you romainers are getting e coli should've voted for brexit
Hi British people don't back May's Brexit deal you have not asked the 52% and the 48% and the 1000's I know do not back it. via
Only A Referendum On May's Brexit Deal Can End Deadlock In Parliament
Another article for you regarding the fishermen of Whitby and Scotland - you missed the one yesterday #Brexit #fishing
We have Brexit, it happens the end of March! All this is just 'Tory Theatre' needs to find a new cause, Free speech, PR, Economy after #Brexit etc We can't trust the Liblabcon
Heads-up... Theresa May’s magical mystery Brexit tour is headed for Scotland tomorrow. Your chance to hear first-hand the same obfuscations, half-truths and outright lies in her open letter. Hope you’ll give her an appropriately warm and cheery welcome.
Blame 3 PMs for #Brexit fuck-up. Brown reneged on promise to hold referendum on Lisbon treaty. Cameron called pointless referendum then fucked off when it didn't go his way. May called totally unnecessary General Election hoping to strengthen her position but just weakened it,
Is it possible that instead of electiineering May is looking 'constructive' to abrogate blame and place it squarely with Corbyn, the Brexit-wrecking-non-committal party. Is this a Machiavellian piece of brilliance?
Panic over, Brexiteers! Quietly, behind the scenes, a WTO deal to #Brexit calmy has been worked out. Game on. Ignore Parliament. They've ballsed up democracy. Better people have been at work.
Here is the Prime Minister a few months ago saying the backstop threatens the Union &amp; no British PM would ever sign up to it....she cannot be trusted. Paragraph 50 guaranteeing the Northern Ireland Assembly a role also removed #Brexit
Screw the , go to RT to get the full press Conference... Scotland's First Minister gives Press Conference on #Brexit #WithdrawlAgreement via
People smugglers prey on migrant Brexit fears
This response to Theresa May’s letter has gone viral
Hi there Deborah, if you want to do something about it let’s get coffee and you can help me if you like my pitch. DM me. More information here:
What a buffoon....and this is the so called saviour of our country!?!
She really is the embodiment of dead brexit walking Brexit: Theresa May denies 'rolling over' on deal - BBC News
Wishing you all the best.. and very happy#brexit!.
Theresa May, knows that, getting ready to break up the NHS.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
“Taking back control”
declaired and vote done within 2wks and hope its yes for Scotland safer jobs better pensions etc go Scotland
Are you suggesting that she is like Redwood and Rees-Mogg supporting Brexit for purely personal financial gain? I think you credit her with too much nouse.
Stephen Hillenburg: the naive genius who made SpongeBob a cultural titan SpongeBob makes more seance than Brexit RIP Stephen
So EFTA is the new Plan ..... #brexit
that'll be the Brexit dividend then
Former Remainer and Theresa May loyalist has done the numbers and predicts that the Prime Minister is on course to lose the vote on her Brexit deal by around 200 votes The PM ploughs on regardless. She is not listening
Stoked by the likes of May, Johnson and all the self serving bigots of the UKIP Conservative party.
Why do you think he wants a GE rather than a people’s vote? He wants to talk about all the other domestic issues and ignore Brexit as he did at the last GE. He has also asked for the debate to cover other subjects fo
if we sprayed the Brexit deal orange would it help, or would everyone just blame the Dutch??
I have emailed my MP asking him what he is going to do to ensure the Govt complies with this legal requirement.
I’m the first to jump on the nearest bandwagon (love Brexit, fuck Brexit, Cheryl’s misunderstood, Cheryl’s a slag etc) but I feel a bit left out as I’ve been following for about a week now (without really understanding what it’s all
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
I am fine with what trump is saying on Brexit he’s spot on it’s a shit deal &amp; is doomed end of
Theresa May's best chance of selling her Brexit deal is to visit every household in the UK offering everyone £1 billion and a knighthood ! #Newsnight
You said the UK voted collectively so tough luck that Scotland voted to remain. Just pause for a second and think how would you feel if Scotland told England tough luck Brexit wasn’t happening because we didn’t vote for it. Then you see why your ignorant attitude stinks.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
Pretty obvious it won't pass but like everything else she is so delusional like most of her ministers what they say they parrot the same thing hoping everyone else is stupid enough to believe it. Sadly there is many have will they with this Brexit deal ?! maybe some are waking up
3 in any deal in business or international politics you compromise to achieve a better, aligned outcome. Why would our Brexit agreement be any different
What is happening!?!
Usual suspects then. Even children can see this deal will have such a massive negative impact on our future. Here are the 12 [now 10] Labour MPs who are considering voting FOR Theresa May’s Brexit deal | Evolve Politics
following on from the email reply I sent today!
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
EU says it ‘will retain all control’ under Theresa May’s Brexit deal, leaked note shows
It was meant to be so easy. Days before entering office last year, President Trump told this newspaper that Britain would attain a prized free trade agreement with the United States “very quickly” after leaving the European Union. via
Although, they have been trying to help the people dealing with the worst of austerity. We had a shadow cabinet member visit our local foodbank recently. While our con MP is busy promoting crashing out with no deal. Brexit is only part of the issue.
#BBCBias on the News at 10 again. Instead of the headline news being Theresa May’s desparate attempt to get people to accept her shambles of a #Brexit deal, they lead with an alleged migrant increase from refugee camps in France. Well done BBC, you deserve a biscuit for that.
#Brexit Five types of Motions used by UK Parliament.. Know ya motion &gt;
Nope.
As I see it, Brexit will shortly be a repeat of the Parable of the Prodigal Son...
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
To unseat , only needs small swings . With so many MK voters wanting #PeoplesVote and no Brexit, please tell and Labour leadership that if they supported #PeoplesVote, it would almost guarantee you winning
There are 1000s of not.o my new accounts here on Twitter but even more that have been dormant for yrs all suddenly attacking brexit supporting accounts and pushing remain and Mays deal.Don't waste time on them block them our time is needed to fight this del not waste on EU trolls
Burma has independence from British in 1948. But she inherit divide rules from British between her citizens that she face of grow up in civil war.
Maybe ask Larry Elliot on to discuss brexit as an antidote to Paul Masons breathless stringed tweets.
If that is true then the BBC cannot accommodate it because it would be contrary to their Charter.
Very sad, people mis-sold over Brexit. Never any way the promises &amp; assurances would be honoured. Persuaded to buy a lottery ticket in hopes of a brighter future, in reality result of leaving will just be darkness. (Unless you are rich investor)
That's ok then, add long as those 5 families who own all the fishing right are looked after everything else will take care of itself, or at least that appears to be BBC Scotlands take on brexit
Theresa May to embark on ‘SELL OUT’ tour of UK.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
Just what horrors are they hiding from us!?
Even A Pet Store Is Stockpiling In Case Of A No-Deal Brexit
No. This is a a complete crock of shit. Nobody believes the . They can carry on fishing for the PM and continue doing a poor job, as usual. #Brexit
Ridiculously pointlessly self serving
So is she saying that people who voted for Brexit did so for no reason as they didn’t believe the lies? So the average Brexit voter knew exactly what ‘the deal’ would be 2yrs before it was published. They should’ve put on lottery numbers with that foresight.
#Brexit has also raised a few questions about the role of certain so-called civil servants too. #BrexitBetrayal
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
Trump Calls Out The Central Bankers, BREXIT Is In Favor Of The EU – Episode 1726a
Brexit may be hogging the news agenda, but this is far more important for our share future #ClimateChange BBC News - Climate change: CO2 emissions rising for first time in four years
If you don't want to hear what the First Minister of Scotland has to say then we will just leave! Sorted!!!!
Panic over, Brexiteers! Quietly, behind the scenes, a WTO deal to #Brexit calmly has been worked out. Game on. Ignore Parliament. They've ballsed up democracy. Better people have been at work.
Wanna see the nonsense that has been stoking the UK's media for the last 2 decades, and people wonder why we're here today?
There will be people who voted for Remain and Leave, people who support and oppose a second referendum, marching against Tommy Robinson's supporters. We're not marching against Brexit, we're marching against Tommy Robinson's racist followers.
What a complete and utter fucking joke, and eejits in Scotland support this farce.
Theresa May’s Brexit deal has achieved the impossible – greasy pole climber Michael Fallon has broken ranks - The Independent
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
Here is the Prime Minister a few months ago saying the backstop threatens the Union &amp; no British PM would ever sign up to it....she cannot be trusted. Paragraph 50 guaranteeing the Northern Ireland Assembly a role also removed #Brexit
An anti-Brexit FB page estimates 178,000 job losses to date....while discounting all the jobs that have been created. Why bother?
You're misrepresenting what I'm saying. Many who voted for Brexit are among those who will be worst served by it. Voters in Sunderland will not thank you for going through with Brexit if the result is that Nissan move their plant back into the EU and make 5,000 people redundant
Forget May v Corbyn, This Is The Brexit TV Debate We SHOULD See
Then you look at this tweet by parody account some #FBPE retweeted that Corbyn could stop Brexit right now.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
Watching the #Tories and #Labour fight over who can really and truly deliver #Brexit — a vote produced by systematic fraud and lies — is nausea inducing. #Remain
They support the Backstop (unsurprisingly):
Yes and Aaron banks, et al are! #StopBrexit don’t let these hideous people win!
Whether you're a supporter of Brexit or not it's hard to fault the work ethic of Theresa May.
Also, Trusting this lot to enact EFTA soft brexit is like trusting a python to look after your hamster
No. Matter how often I see it, in person one on a screen, it continues to astonish.
Macro-Nutrients: Brexit, A Neutral Rate &amp; The Trump-China Face Off at G-20
Though why anyone would agree to pay a settlement up front for an unknown end result is absurd.
Reports on Brexit tell us the worst about May's deal via
Disgraceful. This is what Brexit has done: empowered the far right and revealed hidden racist sentiment amongst many. Throw the book at them.
your constituency awaits you perform your duty represent #REMAIN revoke A50 do it do it b4 Christmas 2018
This ought to be front page news: “The World Trade Organisation (WTO) has said that there is nothing in its rules that would force either the EU or UK to erect a hard Irish border after Brexit.”
#PeoplesVote idea? Assume we are leaving but have 2nd vote, but REMAIN must get more than 55% and then we REMAIN. Then none disputed. Just an idea? #Brexit
It is not surprising but Brexit is barely registering here amongst countries here in Korea attending the World Forum.
#brexit is a planet, global affairs the universe @ Brixton
As we will have nothing after brexit not even drinking water its an easy way out for them
so France will be removing British people working as teachers or doctors in France from post, even under a Brexit Deal. Surely this is newsworthy?
#Shattered from all the reading today. Now intimately acquainted with rapporteur 's report on the MID &amp; the views of and . Someone just remind me what #Brexit means for all of this then?? #sloveniantractors
Keep the money rolling in #Brexit #FBPE
Brexit might mean Brexit, but what does a “WTO deal” mean?
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
It’s a stinking sell out of the UK to future Eu control.
May’s Brexit deal may be deadexit soon.
its re-evaluating your decisions made using better information and changing events. Thats what we do everyday in everything we do, so why not Brexit as well.
This poor Syrian boy. Isn't it sickening? #BrexitBritain
If the voters do indeed back her deal, its because they are sick to death of hearing about fucking brexit, not because they actually genuinely think its a good deal
Fresh row looms as No 10 refuses to publish full Brexit legal advice | #brexit #pmq #meaningfulvote #barclayfacts
This excoriating response has had more views than May’s letter to the British public, i.e. all of us who do not enjoy being lied to, patronised and denied a vote on the deal. Public opinion has shifted in favour of #Remain. We don’t have to leave the EU.
This is my position and it is concrete. Brexit CAN still be opposed. If a party chooses not to do so, it is exactly that: a choice. If you choose not to oppose Brexit, you are de facto pro-Brexit. And that's my last contribution. I will disregard any further responses.
Spolier: It won't be good
All the scummy Labour Antisemites want is an election. F**k off
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
Has been out on the #brexit trail trying to flog her brexit betrayal or in words
Bafflingly fucking stupid. And deceitful. He doesn't believe this shit. He just says it.
#Brexit continues to destroy our institutions and constitution...
BBC News - Reality Check: Is Trump right about the Brexit deal? YES. 100%
Thanks Nicola. Definitely not my average Tuesday! It was great to highlight a range of issues directly to the PM. Hope you are well
Please call it wto brexit ... no deal suggests we will be on our arse alone ... we will not be
This fantastic response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
“True opposition” Really?! One MP!
Theresa May could suffer a 200-vote defeat when the Commons decides on her Brexit deal — dealing a fatal blow to her Premiership
Just as soon as you can find a grown up to advocate for it? "Brexit means Brexit" #newsnight
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
Here is the Prime Minister a few months ago saying the backstop threatens the Union &amp; no British PM would ever sign up to it....she cannot be trusted. Paragraph 50 guaranteeing the Northern Ireland Assembly a role also removed #Brexit
Interesting. The Icelandic foreign minister seems quite positive about the idea of the UK rejoining #EFTA on #bbcnewsnight #Brexit #EEA
Thank you Nicky but will the Government publish the full legal advice they have had on #Brexit? No I didn’t think so, why not? #PeoplesVote
Brexit is dead. It is an ex-brexit. It has ceased to be.
We have a new elephant in the room: Article 50 is revocable thx More elephants: Leave lied Vote Leave Broke the Law May's Brexit deal makes UK poorer Majority want ref on deal &amp; Remain May stonewalls O/w gov't AWOL Putin attacks Ukraine MPs: Stop Brexit pls
Not many I’d say. In fact it would put the endless string of BOBS featured on BBC vox pops out of their misery. Bored of Brexit don’t vote it’s that simple. #peoplesvote #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
The editor and may are best pals.. He is also a remainer. Dropped the mail months ago. It was a pro Brexit paper.
hasn't a clue! I keep asking no one has ever answered why is a peice of land called the Union be more important than livelihoods? Brexit: Theresa May denies 'rolling over' on deal
Tomorrow May will visit Scotland and remind there jobs are in the line if they don’t vote for her failed Brexit deal. We will see line up to do what they are told
Ireland will be worse off in every Brexit scenario
The return of EFTA? Only the ‘Norway Plus’ plan can save Brexit via
Is that like happy Brexit day?
#TheresaMay has ignored #Scotland, paid off #Northern Ireland and is indifferent to #Wales. And now she is on a shameless #UK charm offensive to sell #brexit and secure her leadership by stripping us out of the #EU! #stopmay #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote
I smell a global conspiracy. #Brexit #Trump #Wikileaks.
If The Guardian’s reporting isn’t accurate I should be able to sue them for the medication I’m going to need to lift me from my depression. #Manafort #MuellerKnowsEverything #Russia #Ukraine #Brexit #Resist #Resistance #GivingTuesday #BookConcierge #Maddow #Trump #TrumpLies
Trying not to make noise at a sleepover #comedy #trending ##DANK #lol #meme #Resistance #resist #MUFC #45lowestratings #2k18 #45lowestratings #98c #America #arianagrande #baby #blogger #bissh #45lowestratings #belike #Chinatariffs #Bluewave #Brexit #coffee #clothing #Democrat
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
This a bullshit, rigged, poll that does not bear any relationship to all other UK polls that assessed support for May's pretend #Brexit deal at about 13% - as compared to against those against May's deal at 46%. No deal with no £39B bill is more popular!
(a) Brexit as a concept isn't yet five years old, and (b) Brexiteers make up only a minority in parliament, so it doesn't take bias for them to have been overlooked - simple probability will do.
Newsnight on BBC hinting the UK Govt has a Plan B if Brexit vote fails namely to join the European Free Trade Area with Iceland, Liechtenstein, Norway and Switzerland. These countries are outside the EU but have a foot in the door, so to speak!!!
#ProjectFear 10.0 ......naw it wont
Her logic is to force him out as a supporter of Brexit. Corbyn would be a fool to fall into that trap.
Labour plans to give customers of big firms vote on boardroom pay... Erm, hello...something more imminent that should have your attention Labour Party... #PeoplesVote #Brexit !
#scotnight the First Minister’s #brexit figures would grace the back of any fag packet. Does she think we are fools?
So..lovely time? Meanwhile you refuse to publish Brexit guidance against will of parliament and fight concerned citizens through courts to try and stop a50 withdrawal clarification. I do not recognise your government I owe it no observations loyalty or respect #PeoplesVote
It was very very funny. Except for the brexit stuff. 52% of us have a different opinion (we voted leave). To have our choice ridiculed is boring. But pro-leave comedians/actors/musicians are rarer than a remainer willing to change their mind ;)
It will be hilarious if the Brexit 50p coins go into production but we just never leave the EU
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
She hasn’t achieved #Brexit . She’s just helped Brussels tighten the buckles on our straitjacket.
"One cannot deny that the refugee crisis in Europe and the insane —almost suicidal— stance pushed by Germany weighted heavily in the minds of voters that decided Brexit. This crack in the armor of the EU can become a chasm as..." S Montes-Bradley
What's wrong with three-question referendum? Voters would pick from; PM’s deal, staying in the EU or No Deal #brexit.
‘With just 12 days to go until the crucial “meaningful vote”, Cabinet ministers are considering urging her to abandon it. One has even said there is “zero chance” the deal will get through’ #StandUp4Brexit #DitchTheDeal
She’s scared of anyone who knows what they’re talking about.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
#Brexit How is it that Parliament will get two votes on May’s deal and we, the people can’t even get one?
Dead ringer for Him off the royal family
BBC Scotland’s political editor under fire after news report pokes fun at FM’s Brexit press conference
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate #NoBrexit #StopBrexit #finalsay #FBPE
#Brexit #TheGreatAwakening #Trump Calls Out The #CentralBankers, BREXIT Is In Favor Of The #EU - Epis... via
There is a pure comedy gold moment when you refer to the idea of May leading a pro Brexit govt of national unity. Brilliant stuff.
What a load of complete and utter rubbish. There really is no surprise why people believe less and less in print media. Biggest load of tosh I’ve heard in a long time from . #Brexit
Saw at by #MichaelManus Brilliant play that asks all the right questions: why did working class voters vote for #Brexit? What would happen if a populist movement gained traction in the UK? Superb performances from
I lol that you're literally defending Brexit and trying to downplay Russia at this particular moment. You're like a living Russian bot.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
Shocking!!!!!!!!!
So I see many Brexiters are beginning to share their 'days until Brexit' countdowns. Well, my friends: you got that all wrong.
Come on Scotland turn out and give her a big Scottish welcome
As a human you should care about #Brexit because it impacts all of UK. If you're a PARENT this fight should matter because you don't want ur kids living in a world where "Freedom" only looks tangible via American t.v. This moment matters, no time to retreat in FEAR.
Another night, more atrocious Brexit coverage from #Newsnight. Tonight, failing to explain that Norway is not in the Customs Union and therefore has border checks with Sweden so doesn't resolve the backstop question.
I bet he is ! Anything to delay Brexit. Mays' efforts have made the bullet for him to shoot.
It’s nice that he searched and found a Brexit supporter to “balance” his report. Hope it didn’t take him too long to find one.
To the talking head press preview, the peoples vote your screaming about if it comes to it the people will just confirm that Brexit is our decision and by a larger margin
Many who voted Brexit simply did not trust Europhile U.K. MPs to utilise veto in face of EU moves towards ever closer fiscal &amp; political union &amp; eventually Federalist Union (requires single currency to work).WTO or Canada +++ preferred to FU &amp; Brexit was supposed to deliver that.
keep Draining the #StinkySwamp #WWG1WGA #greatawakening Follow #QAnons #QAnon #FollowTheWhiteRabbit #Q #Scotref #Indyref #WalkAway #TRUSTQ #Trump Calls Out The Central Bankers, BREXIT Is In Favor Of The EU - Epis... via
Brexit may be hogging the news, but this is far more important - and worrying - for our shared futures #ClimateChange BBC News - Climate change: CO2 emissions rising for first time in four years
#NHS no deal Brexit plans will be activated 'before Christmas' if MPs vote down May's deal, health secretary says #news
Bamboozled is what people have been. Those that pushed for #Brexit are now in hiding as the mess unfolds. There is something to be said for a second vote, once the deal is reached. This would allow people the option to say leave on those terms or stay. #StopBrexitSaveBritain
#Brexit Good luck chumps!
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
Yes, Donald Trump is talking perfect sense on May’s Brexit deal | Peter Mandelson
I want to know if Dumfrieshire and Berwickshire vote against Indy but the rest of Scotland votes for, do the SNP accept their line of reasoning on Brexit and cede them to rUK?
#newsnight #bbcnews #itvnews #skynews #torygenocide #WelfareRebellion #peoplesvote #Brexit #brexitshambles #dwpcrimes #crimesofdwp #corporatemanslaughter #naziholocaust Remember David Clapson?
I'm not. You reap what you sow. I feel the same way with the majority who voted for Brexit where I'm from in Britain (for the sake of this argument I'll concede I'm British and not Scottish). You slit your own throats. And mine. Why should we have sympathy?
...another Prick !
[ITV] Government to set out economic impact of Brexit as Theresa May fights to save her deal |
More fake news from mainstream journalists trying to influence Brexit #lbc #fbpe #libdems #conservatives #labour #plaidcymru #snp #ukip #abtv #waton #stupidbrexiteers #itvnews #bbcnews #c4news #5news #skynews #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit #Brexit #BrexitDeal
Look go on believing you delusional spin on real world and I’ll continue with my ‘twaddle’ but you still gotta accept the truth when it finally hits home. Ps what do you the of BoE plan for Brexit commemorative £50 note, fabulous no?
I would vote Tory if the party get some balls and starts to work for the British People. Get an honest patriotic leader (JRM?) Oust the traitors, deliver clean Brexit. They'd get my vote. Traitor May fooled us all for a while. I can forgive the party if it cleans house.
Theresa May to hide in the airport wetherspoons til they turn the plane round.
It's lie after lie after lie by this tory government. Fresh row looms as No 10 refuses to publish full Brexit legal advice
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
Theresa May's Brexit deal is doomed - Sir Michael Fallon - BBC News via
This response to Theresa May’s letter has gone viral
Greasy pole-climber No1 Michael Gove Unleashed As May’s ‘Secret Weapon’ In Bid To Sell Brexit Deal To Tory MPs - HuffPost UK
The Brexit divorce deal: What's next? via
This is such a fast commercial response to making whoopie...more to come
Do these 'gagging orders', erm, trump the FOI act? Any lawyers?
I voted Labour in the last 2 elections (before that voted tactically in a constituency where Labour cd not win against the Tories). If whips an abstention on Brexit on 11/12/18, I will never ever vote for them again.
Embarrassing isn’t it UK? #Brexit We could still be proud members of this wonderful community, just do the right thing for once. #StopBrexitSaveBritain Listen to the people now in 2018. #PeoplesVote Please
"Ministers have begun privately working on options for a Plan B within their own factions, but there is no agreement among them on what it should be yet." Clown car government trundles on.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
Its still all shit sticks though. Why Theresa May’s Brexit deal deserves support
The fact people like this exist. Money matters more than lives.
Ah, the Gavin Williamson strategy, how we’ve missed you.
U.S. near aviation agreement with post-Brexit UK: sources The United States and United Kingdom are nearing an open skies aviation agreement to govern air travel after Britain exits the European Union, two government officials brief... via #india
You see Brexit as racist? I don't know much about it. But I do know that Scotts voted to STAY in the U.K. so they could remain in the European Union. Then they got screwed over. You should see if the EU would let Scotland in. Then vote yourselves out of the UK this time.
This is just incredibly astute commentary. Bravo Greg Sheridan
Please note this. UK parliament can likely unilaterally revoke Article 50 notice.
Is this a death-knell for Brexit plans? via
Even Nicholas II had the sense to keep Rasputin hidden
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
If *anybody* is receiving death threats over Brexit, a rethink is well overdue. #PeoplesVote
#SCD Next year, should introduce a new dance style: The Brexit Shuffle. Watch video for further clarification. #Strictly
What the hell sort of fuckery is this? This is outrageous! #tinpotdictatorshiptories
So having a meaningful vote on the Brexit agreement is pointless if MPs can’t vote with full knowledge of its implications? Says all we need to know. If you don’t understand it MPs can’t sign it or endorse can they?
Look at these Brexit scenarios. Drops of 25%, 15%, 10%, 5%, 3%. Blatantly obvious that whoever produced this report plucked the numbers straight of out their arse.
President Trump suggests no US-UK Trade Deal possible with May’s Brexit deal
When your adversaries vote 27-0 in favor of the deal, you know it’s a bad deal. #Brexit
If this is true what a horrendous waste of money. The 'least worst' deal can never be the 'best for Britain'. please use this money for a Then you will have a really clear view of what people really want.
I thought it was cucumbers but bananas or cucumbers Brexit is driving me around the bend ! (Sorry) I doubt anyone would complain or notice, press the button now, please!
Reports on Brexit tell us the worst about May’s deal
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
Oh fucking Corbyn, what a pisspotting wanker. Would rather throw the baby out of the bathwater to whinge about not having the best toys rather than work with inclusion and stand a chance at making a real difference.
How exactly? Any Brexit is a bad Brexit.
Theresa May REFUSES to commit to publish full BREXIT legal advice, despite a unanimous resolution by the House of Commons So much for "Parliamentary Sovereignty" Seemingly the PM's forgot taxpayers paid for it &amp; we're a democracy
Nothing wrong with the reaction at all he should of scored end of stop making a drama out of everything Lineker surprised you haven’t blamed him for Brexit yet
It's not Bloomberg. We all hate it. Don't get into the Eea
40 years of oil wealth for starters?
The executive is circumventing Parliament &amp; is constantly being taken to court &amp; ignoring the judgments.This is how it will be after Brexit but worse,Two bit corrupt criminal mafia style gangsters.
The more troubling aspect of this is, to me, that folk were more likely to vote for a boat's name than vote for the future of us all, the apathy shown by the folk who were gonna be more affected by Brexit was known by the Tories and their ilk so they were always gonna win.
The #Brexit news May &amp; Corbyn don’t want the UK public and UK MPs to hear. The EU Council &amp; EU Commission have just confirmed they believe A50 is unilaterally revocable. Great work by &amp; team.
Thank you for supporting the British people’s decision to leave Europe and for your honesty and clarity on Brexit.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
Humiliation with a capital H
#TheresaMay Not Seeking #Trump G-20 Meeting After He Slammed #Brexit Deal
trump is correct!
Government's post-Brexit immigration plans face delays as key MPs turn on 'isolated' PM over visas for low-skilled #EU workers
Theresa May hears voices in her head - im now convinced of it OR she is seriously deluded and out of touch with reality - probably all of the above #brexit #remain
This response to Theresa May’s letter has gone viral
I just demanded that the broadcasters promise fair representation in the TV Brexit debates. I think the public should hear from anti-Brexit voices as well as Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn. Add your name to 's petition:
We dont care seriously past bothered we want WTO Brexit
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
Just watched #School and I am furious (again). We are wasting time on STUPID BREXIT while our children are being threatened with incomplete education due to WICKED cuts to schools budgets. And it will get so much worse
May to make case for Brexit agreement in Scotland visit
We don’t need to ‘make anything up’ to make Corbyn look bad, he’s done it all by himself &amp; continues to do so. The man working hard to deliver Farage’s Brexit - and who stifles democratic demands for a #PeoplesVote. Well done, Jizza... you’ll never be forgiven. #FBPE
Misses out Indy would have seen Scotland out of the EU March 2016 with NO immediate Re-entry is being at the least disingenuous- do not complain that you are not treated seriously with this nonsense
#AtoZQuiz or post Brexit - Just-fu3k-all In The-shops
We don't want your 'free movement' thanks anyway!! Causes more problems than it solves We want NO WARS in ME; that's where u should expend your energies only Party that'll be able 2 make a success of #Brexit Which's what *M A J O R I T Y* of UK voted for
You find what is happen in the #UK with #Brexit negotiations within the British Parliament as entertainment?? Speaks volumes!! #Cdnpoli
Clearly Theresa May boasts Santa’s ability to visit every citizen of the U.K. to find out what they wanted for Brexit...
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
May loyalist and former minister has calculated that the Prime Minister is on course to lose the vote on her Brexit deal by 200 votes Still Theresa May ploughs with missionary zeal but without listening
If the PM presented a half decent Brexit deal, she wouldn't be facing a massive defeat on the meaningful vote. The bad #Brexit deal has already hit the iceburg &amp; causing ripple effect #VoteDownTheDeal
After a recent period of tweeting defeatist nonsense about #Brexit, at last a sensible comment from
U.S. near aviation agreement with post-Brexit #UK -sources
Braced for #StormDiana; Longer-term: Rising sea levels fear; Avian flu warning in Stockpiling for Brexit mental health 'burden' #ECFC #PAFC match reports #Wednesday #tomorrowspaperstoday
is offering a degree of levity to the absolutely absurd situation the country has allowed itself to get into over this political disaster we call #Brexit #skypapers
May to make case for #Brexit agreement in Glasgow visit
Sound. Surprised anyone went if they knew you were going, bore us all to death with how the council annoy you and how much you love Brexit
Due to the fact that it’s been mentioned nearly every time brexit is talked about.
Still no answer from JHB as to what the agreed "proper Brexit" is
Think you know where you stand on Brexit? Take the quiz to find out:
May revives Brexit dividend 'lie' in bid to sell deal to public and MPs via
Is it getting on anyone else's nerves - pronouncing #Brexit as Breg-zit? Please stop.
forget brexit, the cup vs mug debate is the only debate that matters
This fantastic response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
Now having seen the error of their pompous English ways supporting #Brexit - now bigging up the EFTA/EEA option
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
Clueless think are in a continent with natural resources strategic place in the world and if necessary self supporting at every level. EU?# brexit
Who sets the editorial? First Trump and Brexit deal yrsterday and today's news dominated by illegal immigrants like it's something new #justsayin
The British people will know, if they didn’t already, that if Barnier says support May, we absolutely have to reject her crap deal.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
Please can we start the Brexit Public Inquiry now? Because I'm not sure my sanity can wait another ten years for a whitewash!
This fantastic response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
Here is the Prime Minister a few months ago saying the backstop threatens the Union &amp; no British PM would ever sign up to it....she cannot be trusted. Paragraph 50 guaranteeing the Northern Ireland Assembly a role also removed #Brexit
"Bollocks to Brexit" is more easily set to music on a march though!
Paid by hard earned taxpayers money amidst the Brexit turmoil.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
It is but far less complicated than brexit. In theory
Tiling the bathroom is top of my To Do List after #brexit, that’s for sure. Where’s the grout?
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
Brexit proves one thing - most people are entirely misinformed about EU! #newsnight
Prime Minister #TheresaMay meets farmers and producers to discuss #Brexit deal at Royal Welsh
— "I WANT TO SEE THAT. CHALLENGE ACCEPTED!"
Corbyn must decide between ending austerity and with it opposing Brexit or continuing to support Brexit and therefore austerity. He isn’t going to get his election with current “jobs first Brexit” BS.
I just remembered Simpson saying a dude named after a US pres seemed to be pivotal. So I Googled to refresh my memory. Turns out Malloch may have literally passed the pivotal notes between Assange &amp; Team Trump while also connecting it all to Brexit. Simpson was on to something.
Fresh row looms as No 10 refuses to publish full Brexit legal advice
May hits back at #Trump and justifies #Brexit deal
Fresh row looms as No 10 refuses to publish full Brexit legal advice
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
More lies, more obfuscation, more pandering to dickheads who don’t look beyond the front page of the Daily Mail for their facts. The Tories are willingly and deliberately fucking every one of us.
Can't believe how many stupid sheeple have fallen for Armageddon brexit narrative. Everything's become a negative result of brexit, even Tory austerity although that is an EU policy. A puppet government engineered choice of worse deal ever &amp; no deal, so we end up remaining.
I’ve not seen the conservative machine on such high power on social media, and in the whip’s office, since GE15. Have they got CTF back in?
Tory lying gits
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
This old Fry and Laurie sketch is going viral because it basically sums up Brexit
Yes. We know the economic forecasts being presented will show that the deal the government’s proposing will be best based on spurious modelling.
Top EU court hears Brexit challenge
I think any MP trying to push Brexit through at any cost will struggle to keep their jobs. Even the ones with a 20,000 majority Nadine.
Is this funny or simply ironic? I'm not quite sure. #PeoplesVote
Theresa May could suffer a 200-vote defeat when the Commons decides on her Brexit deal.
Is this funny or simply ironic? I'm not quite sure. #PeoplesVote
We know that the BoE will come out and declare Armageddon in the event of a no deal Brexit, yet we also know that they’ll caveat it by using the stress tests as the worst case while pretending to present it as a possibility. 4/
He can’t even keep a straight face!
PM hits back at Trump after he suggested the Brexit deal would hamper the UK's ability to trade with the US
EU court urged to rule on Brexit reversal Britain can unilaterally reverse its decision to leave the European Union, an urgent hearing of Europe's top court has been told...
She’s a goodie.
Wait till Brexit frees the right to pursue their wet dream of a low tax, low service, deregulated disaster capitalist playground faster and further - attrition will become an outright race to the bottom.
Or, even better, no Brexit.
consider how many people they must get through to get those. I don’t believe for a second the majority would support this because they’re bored. This deal means brexit haggling and fighting will last the duration of the “backstop.” So forever.
With Brexit, they're fecked!
Great news and a fantastic complement to the PM’s Brexit deal.
I liked a video Stephen Merchant's Views on Brexit &amp; Donald Trump | The Last Leg
Following the revelation that the SDP does indeed still exist, albeit as a pro-Brexit offshoot, I recalled one of the fiercest burns Denis Healey ever delivered.
unless, of course. it's decided the the 'Leave' campaign's criminality renders the referendum null and void....?
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
Prime Minister championing #Brexit deal in Scotland as Nicola Sturgeon warns of £1,600 annual cost to each Scot
Type away. Just as long as you realise you are part of the reason than Brexit didn’t deliver. You don’t really channel Englishness. You are so wide of the mark.
We are too dim to read it. I have studied law and International Marketing. I think after years in business paying taxes I should be able to have access to assess this advice. Patronising bitch.
"People smugglers are telling migrants that they must enter the UK before "the borders shut properly" after Brexit"
But she won't resign. She'll put it through a second time. But considering that a vote for the WA is a vote to stop Brexit (what other reason for the Backstop?) and considering the amount of Remainers in Parliament, I'm pretty sure she will get it through first time round.
I just demanded that the broadcasters promise fair representation in the TV Brexit debates. I think the public should hear from anti-Brexit voices as well as Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn. Add your name to 's petition:
Brexit
Labour still peddling the lie that they can somehow magic a good Brexit. Any Brexit is a bad Brexit.
Who is that incredibly irritating journalist who seems to think it is absolutely blinking hilarious on tonight that we are on a Brexit knife edge without any methodical analysis of the options . Just “My!(haha) what can we do?” Pathetic journalism .
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
Senior MPs slam ‘institutional silence’ over claims of wrongdoing in #Brexit vote | #ArronBanks #UKIP #PeoplesVote
But how will you know the difference between a brexit supporter, a Tommy Robinson supporter or someone that likes both? Not everyone there will be a Tommy Robinson supporter. It’s quite embarrassing for the “anti fascists.”
Spot on our entire family agree with you. Speaking to some very bright 6th formers this evening it’s clear Brexit has traumatized many young people &amp; will have a lasting effect.
Ask yourself who whipped the Opposition to push this nonsense down our throats, then come back when you’ve worked out the answer! #BBCSwitchOff #PeoplesVote #BrexitisFraud #WATON #StopBrexit #Remain #ABTV #FBPE #Bracknell
Brexit pretty dominant at the moment. Two more episodes of #School to come then a new series of #Hospital early next year
I don't like people mocking this, tbh. Caroline has her beliefs, and a minority share them. All fair game if people want to donate. I do find it odd that the "green" party's vision of Britain is mass immigration, and the entire countryside bulldozed over for socialist housing.
BREAKING IMPORTANT INFORMATION REGARDING BREXIT MEANS EXIT MARCH ON 9TH DECEMBER via
Listen to the Daily Mail? I doubt it. Most readers now read it so they can have a good shout, seeing as it has changed its tune over #Brexit.
Set up
Something the government knew all along.
May promises a #Brexit deal that 'works for Scotland' as she takes her PR blitz to Glasgow
Hey Lee any chance you will join us on the 9th? #BrexitBetrayalMarch #BrexitBetrayal #MayMustGo #MayMustGoNow #SackOlly
Think he’s stock piling....#Brexit
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
Here is the Prime Minister a few months ago saying the backstop threatens the Union &amp; no British PM would ever sign up to it....she cannot be trusted. Paragraph 50 guaranteeing the Northern Ireland Assembly a role also removed #Brexit
I increasingly believe that this whole North Sentinel Island story is an allegory for Brexit
The problem there is we’re talking to a cabbage! Unbelievable!
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
The gentleman and the vagabond. Title of the film ... "The great deceiving" It's not called Meghan, it's called Megxit, when the Brexit is over we'll see what's left.
"Cabinet minister told The Sun: 'Theresa is still being told she can win this by the people around her in No10. They are going to bring her down'" #Brexit
Ok so maybe brexit was good
Both UK (#Brexit leave campaign) and US establishments drive mutually amplifying hate and xenophobia to scapegoat national ills and sow division amongst people. Its end-point will be "law and order" states where respective establishments have the total control they desire.
is this a hard brexit
Brexit and its buffoons
This Is How The Government Is War-Gaming What Happens If It Wins The Meaningful Vote On Brexit - BuzzFeed UK
EU citizens who get Leave To Remain would have access to the whole of new EU and UK to live. (28 countries) EU citizens without LTR have whole new EU. (27 countries) UK Citizens just UK (1 country) Who's losing more from ending Freedom of Movement? #PeoplesVote
Look, obviously you are going to do that. I'm going to do what little I can to fight Brexit until there's no point fighting, either because it has happened, or because we've stopped it. I hope we both get what we want.
A piece of work, Robin Walker, I watched this debate in parliament on TV, was he even there ?
Here is the Prime Minister a few months ago saying the backstop threatens the Union &amp; no British PM would ever sign up to it....she cannot be trusted. Paragraph 50 guaranteeing the Northern Ireland Assembly a role also removed #Brexit
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
"Downing Street will reportedly not give full Brexit legal advice to MPs"
Brilliantly put !
Breaking news NASA receives signal from Mars saying Brexit deal is shit via
Think, as bad as she is, you'll find that Cameron wins this one. Architect of austerity and Brexit. Eton has much to be proud of.
UKIP
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
They tell us Brexit was a UK vote and Scots must accept UK voters as a whole (England) over-ride those of Scotland and yet the minute the UK's SECOND largest political party and THIRD largest Wesrminster Party demands respect and a place in the debate, they resort to regionalism.
Brexit: Theresa May denies 'rolling over' on deal - BBC News
Yet you were trying to weaken her position. Why? Do you pick on what says? Do you pick him up on his clear lies? I don't understand. Or is this a party thing? You feel you can survive brexit but possibly not a Corbyn premiership? You do realise that brexit......
Never mind another vote on brexit put this to public vote &amp; he would be locked up, what is happening to this country
Sky News - Tom Newton Dunn reporting that No Deal can't happen now as the government are not ready. So another broken promises from Theresa May as she always said they were managing brexit and no deal. When is there a default position to eject the PM for continuously lying
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
GBP/USD steady near 1.2800 despite successful EU Brexit summit: The week sees the GBP/USD opening relatively restrained, considering the EU's successful weekend-Brexit summit. The Pound's hope-fueled spike ...
Get people thinking together too - and you may just be surprised. BREXIT QIARK - A never more important moment?
join the brexit web ring today muy lord
We need a peoplesvote as most polls now show the will of the people is against Brexit . With more young people coming to age it’s inevitable that the electorate will not stand for Brexit
That’s nuts. Brexit has no plus points. None. It is an insane act of national self-harm by any rational assessment and the 2016 referendum sham democracy of the worst variety based on lies, misinformation and cheating. Backing Brexit now the negatives are clear is not rational.
It has been reported (Daily Mail) that the people? think May's deal is the best on offer!?! But results from any questionnaire depend on the questions put! As for reversing Brexit reducing our standing, pride comes before a fall. I hope the DM is ignored
After her UK tour Theresa May intends to visit Mars with her Brexit deal ! #Newsnight
Exactly Mike. We need a robust public debate where many of us are represented. Let’s talk to the media and propose it. I would love to take part and represent #The5Million disenfranchised voices.
First, vote down the WA. Then take a clean leave from the EU and have a relationship with EU under WTO rules. Then, and only then, negotiate a FTA with EU, taking as long as the EU cares to take. Meanwhile UK immediately benefits from Brexit opportunities.
More like a 14 million vote
BBC News - Migrants 'rush to cross Channel by boat before Brexit'
listen yeah brexit means brexit
Katie, join us on the 9th give us a RT! #BrexitBetrayalMarch #BrexitBetrayal #MayMustGo #MayMustGoNow #SackOlly
Over 100,000 people die due to #austerity The majority of people don't give a fuck. If #Brexit ruins the lives of those who want #PeoplesVote and NOT #ToriesOut then job done. I have 0 empathy for selfish assholes People dying due to #austerity no longer matters apparently.
BBC News - Migrants 'rush to cross Channel by boat before Brexit'
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
My daddy sent and won a bid on make a noise for the Flightsim (London Computer on a sim) and never had the real flight with your mate in the PPL aircraft. He Rang you live on the night too !!
12 days of Brexmas: The countdown to the Prime Minister’s Brexit vote - Evening Standard
Wednesday's Telegraph: "The Brexit backpedalling begins" #BBCPapers #tomorrowspaperstoday
No, the deal undermines all of the economic opportunities that Brexit could have entailed.
What are you so scared of? Why are you disrespecting us so?
He be very rude if he not. He still in the contact. I think you have to be of a certain age before he gives any respect. Do as I say not as I do. I know better than you. That's the JC swearing part of him. But he does have a voice of reason. Brexit may have put it in the trench
PM hits back at #Trump as she begins bid to sell #Brexit deal
should debate with both of these intellectually deficient numbskull Libtards - he would wipe the proverbial floor with them.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
When the majority predicted to vote against #BrexitDeal is actually way bigger than the majority holds in parliament....
What is the point of any of this talk if no option will get through Parliament now. No deal, remain, EFTA or Norway; nothing works now #Brexit #Newsnight
So long as they don't use this to stop Brexit all together!
Trump Calls Out The Central Bankers, BREXIT Is In Favor Of The EU - Episode 1726a: via
Subscribe Here to get a few chapters for FREE from the book Please #RT #gold #silver #stocks #trading #trades #markets #Investing #today #rich #education #hope #dreams #Giveaway #free #positivity #focus #goals #life #money #success #fun #levelup #brexit
We're all laughing at the ridiculousness of the ERG Tories and , but when they get their Brexit they'll still be tucking into their tri colour quinoa and pheasant whilst we're fighting each other to the death for the last rat. The solution: #StopBrexit
Agree, much better for UK to remain, be #StrongerTogether &amp; reform from within - in partnership.
Indy is better bet for them anyway fishing such an important part of Scottish industry...less so for UK. Plain as the nose growing on Pinnochio Mundells clueless coupon
Ach Brexit will be fine and dandy...I have stocked up on pot noodles to see my family through Brexitmageddon
“Gove unleashed”. I’m picturing a caterpillar falling off a leaf.
EU TV debate between Jeremy 'I don't support #PeoplesVote ' Corbyn and Theresa 'Brexit means #Brexit' May isn't a debate at all. It's shades of the same crap. Get a pro EU leader like involved to represent the &gt;48% and the nation might actually get a genuine 'debate'
200 closer to my prediction yesterday of 150 more than 60-70 in most media to date King Canute or Emperor with no cloth`s conclusion time to go!
Sturgeon Says Almost Nothing in May's Brexit Letter Is True
BBC News - Brexit: Theresa May denies 'rolling over' on deal
every brexit deal will be worse than begging the EU ro go back and accept what ever cost they demand like accepting the euro! you are a remainiac who needs to keep your personal opinion out of the news! It's not your personal platform for remain bile
How about complying with the binding Parliamentary requirement to publish, in full, your Brexit legal advice?
'Brits aren’t STUPID!' Brexiteer brilliantly DISMANTLES no-deal Brexit scare stories
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
Stockpiling frozen chips, burgers and fizzy pop, project fear ramps up alleged food shortages over Brexit
You just going to ignore brexit then because you are all for it?
Labour could take a lead on this, by opposing brexit. There's enough to show it's detrimental to the country:
An interesting-if-terrifying read.
Brexit in a frame. Old grey know all's
Demonising France again to awaken xenophobia again. This will still happen if and when we leave the EU. I do not condone this, but brexit won't prevent it
I think he said we wouldnt be paying anything like as much into the EU coffers. But those who voted Brexit wouldnt want the freedom of movement would they?
I don't know about you people, but I am sick to the back teeth of all this Brexit nonsense, the majority of the British people voted to leave the EU back in June 2016 at 52%, I was one of them and now this government is messing about with the vote, we are still in this mess.
U.S. near aviation agreement with post-Brexit #UK -sources
Labour to humiliate Tory.All this UKIP,For Britian etc under this system have no chance,I wish they not destroy your ballot paper,millions died for that.
Careerist Gove once again exposed. Thoughts, Sarah?
Brexit's greatest love machine?
I wish Nicola Sturgeon was in charge of the UK, not just Scotland. Listen to how well she articulates her points and responds to questions. #Remain #brexit BBC News - Sturgeon: Brexit deal 'will make Scotland poorer'
No 10 tries to keep Sturgeon off televised Brexit debate | News | The Times makes “precious Union” very hollow- when it’s only two English constituency MPs whose parties are minorities in Scotland #DissolveTheUnion one insult to many
Couple stockpile four months of spare food in case of no deal Brexit via
EU Leaders Endorse Brexit Deal: UK and Europe in for Big Changes
Topps Tiles to begin stockpiling in preparation for Britain’s departure from the EU in March 2019 FTSE 250-listed firm planning for negative consequences including lower spending and problems finding staff
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
Have you seen the price of the telegraph? £1.80 for a newspaper? Unbelievable!
49% said it was the best deal on the table. Its the only deal on the table apart from Remain which of course the mail didnt give as an option. What utter rubbish.
please #RT asap #economics #SPX #trading #options #brexit #Italexit #GRExit #stocks #markets #Motivation #today #SundayThoughts
Scrooge learnt that neglect of people is not a decent civilised act. Unfortunatley the system of greed that causes food banks, low pay and poverty are still with us. Brexit will not alter this, but make it more acute. Some MPs hve hedge funds. Most of us do not. Happy xmas
Wait and see ???? (But interesting chart!)
Tired of hearing about Brexit or Trump? What should we do?
Post-Brexit free trade ambitions dealt a blow as Trump backtracks on US-UK deal
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
Three quarters of #UK carmakers #Fear no-deal #Brexit: SMMT
Is Donald Trump right about the Brexit deal? In a word. Yes.
I'm looking forward to pouring myself a drink and watching this puppy being kicked to death in the House but even I don't believe this number. If the last few years have shown us anything it is the lack of bottle to stand up to the madness of #Brexit
This is the very influential BS we proEuropeans are up against. Constant contempt and willing ignorance for what the EU is/does. No wonder you can sell people fallacies like #Brexit so easily, even when reality closes in. Disgusting.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
I liked a video Trump Calls Out The Central Bankers, BREXIT Is In Favor Of The EU - Episode 1726a
If you want to get on a full argument we can do it tomorrow. I’m tired. But right now, I want to know why you blamed Brexit for this child’s hideous abuse? Remember the video you commented on???
She doesn't care what you, I or anyone else thinks, her sole aim is to stop Brexit.
Former cabinet members question Theresa May over Brexit deal via
For chrisakes book a bloody travelodge somewhere and spare us this heart rending spew inducing sentimentality !
They will try every trick in the book and no doubt invent some new ones.
Once again the issue of publishing the legal advice over BREXIT confirms the true nature of the TORY nasty party. One law for them, riding high above the law they hold for the public. The TORY governing party, is treating the public like were idiots &amp; plebs.
If you’re a Graphic Designer in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a crisis for you. If you live in the North East of England then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this mess! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
No, they have listed Hillary's crimes. Actual criminal felonies. Loretta Lynch declined to prosecute after meeting on the tarmac with Bill. In sure they only talked about grandkids and Brexit. Sure, that's believable.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
The suspicion and anger grows more with each passing day.
MPs really need to listen to thier voters now. Its not what the MPs want its what the voters want #Brexit fail ur voters and u will lose ur seats in next election
"We are being bullied into accepting staying in the EU, project fear is in full swing! " Check out how your MP will vote
I hope brexit means y'all start paying 400£ for spotify and listening to amplifier costs u a tenner per stream
So, tomorrow's Mail claims Britons back the deal. Give me a break. The country's as divided as ever. #Brexit #bbcpapers #BBCNews
Again ?
Senior UK academics call for people’s vote to save universities
And the brexit voters shouldn't be denied either considering they WON
It is also not being threatened by checks at the sea ports. A hard brexit however, that will END the union.
no you didn't. no it doesn't!
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
I think Brexit is a certainty and they won't let this opportunity pass so trying everything to scare us with news focus, prepare for a hard landing everyone
Not one single mention of #Brexit anywhere from this Tory ...
Remainers will indeed say ‘we are worse off under the PM's deal’. We’re worse off under every variety of #Brexit. #PeoplesVote #ExitFromBrexit
We were part of this too. #peoplesvote #proud #StopBrexit
Trump Falsely Claims That U.S. Agents Were Hurt in Border Clashes via
Another #deluded minister
Mrs May, Don’t sell us down the river. We are born and bread English, give us a Brexit worthy of your Countries decision. We want to own our boarders without interference, pay no one our well earned money to anyone but our own country and make our own decisions and laws.
And I can’t see how she could possibly win a vote of confidence afterwards - 14 days to an election isn’t it according to the Fixed Term parliament act?
some excellent questioning. it really doesn't sound like Brexit will improve the security of the country. and there are still a huge amount of unknowns. looks like MPs are being asked to sign a blank cheque in the form of the Withdrawal Agreement
It's not an ultra-soft deal - EEA would have been softer and better.. but yes. No-one wants this. We're in an irreconcilable position though. The basic principle of Brexit doesn't have the level of support needed to make any deal politically achievable.
Brexit: Are Tory whips threatening their own MPs after bid to win Labour support failed? - via
I don’t see what’s wrong with celebrating a successful brexit
First, vote down the WA. Then take a clean leave from the EU and have an initial relationship with EU under WTO rules. Then, and only then, negotiate a FTA with EU, taking as long as the EU cares to take. Meanwhile UK immediately benefits from Brexit opportunities.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
Brexit: Theresa May denies 'rolling over' on deal
The Only Growth Industry Is ‘Foodbanks’.
Abandoning the meaningful vote is not really an option. Obliged to have a vote on a statement to parliament (deal or no deal) By Brexit Day, *only* 3 options * vote for a withdrawal agreement * extend/revoke A50 (delay/stop Brexit) * leave with no UK/EU agreement
Nowt to do with brexit its am a$$hole of a kid trying to be hard. It would be better if the school got hold of this instead using it against Brexit.
Oh my!! Best get the air raid shelter Brexit ready!!
Good! Theresa May could suffer a 200-vote defeat when the Commons decides on her Brexit deal — dealing a fatal blow to her Premiership
No we are not. Sorry, it's the way it is. 20 countries have blocked our re-entry in our own right - including our "special friends" the US One I booted up quickly . ..
Fears over immigration shouldn't have forced us to this point in the Brexit debacle! We *shared* sovereignty when we signed the *International* treaty which protects the GFA - that's what treaties are all about. We deny that Treaty at our peril!
Enough, enough, enough.....this madness is tipping over into the whacker bizarre. Anyway, whilst you've raised the subject, what about the grout ? Oh, and the adhesive as well? Please keep the nation updated?
Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar tells Sinn Fein to BACK Theresa May over #Brexit or resign their seats from Westminster #TheresaMay
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
Brexit deal is 'doomed' warns Fallon
PressTV-UK rejects Trump's criticism of Brexit deal
I agree with , a #PeoplesVote will be most democratic, rather than being dictated to by a non-listening I voted leave last time as I voted blind with fake news from the Brexit mob of Boris &amp; Co! Can vote with vision now so let us have a #PeoplesVote
I mean the word also at Westminster is your a prick but you know each to their own
How about abolishing most of them as they are utterly worthless degrees. Give them a circle that's got 360.
I would vote for any politician who can get rid of these bloody cookie acceptance pop ups. #brexit #cookies #politics
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
Another pack of lies. Shame on and
And happening in stealth under the cover of brexit.
Alrighty! So the EU are proposing a new thing called Article 13 meaning this will affect and some other social media sites. This will mean that uploading videos in the EU (May not include the UK due to Brexit) will be blocked. #SavetheInternet pls retweet! Thx
This fantastic response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
Yesterday reported that migrants coming into Dover by boat was due to Serbia granting visas to Iranians. Today's headline on 10 o'clock news puts it down to people trying to get in to the country before Brexit. Am I missing something?
Suggest mass phone in to HQ at 9am to press them to scotch rumour is going to 3linewhip for abstention on Brexit on 11/12/18.
Chelsea Gas call 0207-183-2044 #Battersea #Kensington #Chelsea #NottingHill #Westminster #Brexit
There’s no end to what they will resist
I'm not sure where we're disagreeing. I'd be more than happy to see every party represented in a debate. The hypothetical was only one remain voice - in which case, I'd prefer someone whose first priority was stopping Brexit, not seeking a solution for only one part of the UK.
You are killing your own argument to support this deal here! The best option for #Britain is the deal we have as #EU members now. Stop #Brexit and reboot our place at the heart of the #EU and help shape its future from inside not shouting on the outside with no influence!
You don’t get to demand what sort of Brexit you get. The fact (you hate those) is that May’s deal would see us out of the EU and that’s all that was specified on the ballot paper.
I'm sure this will go swimmingly.
I feel like we're edging closer to a dictatorship by the day
Does anyone actually know what Corbyn’s view on Brexit is? He doesn’t even seem to agree with Labour party policy. That is why he is not a suitable person to debate Brexit with May and if he does she is likely to win unfortunately.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
Thought he was your friend.
The #Brexit news May &amp; Corbyn don’t want the UK public and UK MPs to hear. The EU Council &amp; EU Commission have just confirmed they believe A50 is unilaterally revocable. Great work by &amp; team.
Have a day off love. Brexit? Really?
mrs may is making it up as she goes along the whole saga of delays is a stitch up!!
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
brilliant letter
Brexit puts #Scotland at 'competitive disadvantage to Northern Ireland'
Just because he's organised it doesn't make it about him or anything he has been in the press for. He has organised it specifically for Pro Brexit. There is a growing frustration on the Brexit side with the one-sided reporting and Doom mongering going on.
It’s only the brexit part that’s offensive. In the future, people will call someone who’s metaphorically sawn off the branch they were sitting on a “Brexiteer”.
Obv he’s a moron 99% of the time but this makes total sense. Why is Corbyn wanting a debate to discuss leaving when neither of them want Brexit ?
Here is the Prime Minister a few months ago saying the backstop threatens the Union &amp; no British PM would ever sign up to it....she cannot be trusted. Paragraph 50 guaranteeing the Northern Ireland Assembly a role also removed #Brexit
Trump warns Brexit agreement could threaten future US-UK trade deal
The latest International Socialist Digest! Thanks to #auspol #brexit
Well well ........
When reporting on Brexit, can you acknowledge that there is a plan b to the PM's deal, just leave without a poor deal.
Daily Mail go full on Goebbels
Indeed it is tireless work he's doing on Brexit trying to save us all! ;) *keep it up Mr. Grieve... much appreciated* Hope you enjoyed your evening Carolyn. X
Meanwhile, the man who led UK's charge of the light brigade in to #Brexit displays the highest sign of reverence to #China's despotic rulers. David, your failure to vigorously challenge China's ruthless conduct towards its own people helps to enable it! #davidcameron
A #Brexit debate is on the cards - but not everyone is invited. We need a cross-party debate representing every nation and all possible routes forward. I just signed the petition to make it #ARealDebate
The brexit deal does NOT bring any certainty. This is unchartered which the nation and government are in no prepared for.
Fresh row looms as No 10 refuses to publish full Brexit legal advice
SF has a mandate to oppose #Brexit #Brexit doesn't just affect Nationalists, it affects everyone. SF want to oppose #Brexit everywhere except where their vote counts in #Westminster
Read the latest and report on #immigration for a post #Brexit economy here
#May can stick her #Brexit Agreement up her arse.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
It's a protest organised by fascist leader Tommy Robinson, a convicted fraudster and thug. If you wish to organise a pro-Brexit march, trying doing one that isn't led by a violent racist.
What are the funniest moments associated with Brexit? by Mark Simon Hockey
#FakeNews &amp; Fake Stats &amp; #Frenemies "give me strength to do the things I can change" roll on #Brexit
Theresa May accused of 'dangerous' Brexit cover-up as she blocks full publication of legal advice on her deal' | via
, even the most stupid man in the world- the one that thinks cold winters disprove global warming- knows Brexit is a shambles!
Today you should have stopped Brexit. Stop Brexit.
I’d happily invite for a cup of coffee but I don’t think she would like what I’ve got to say about the Brexit disaster she wishes on us all without
Maybe you should have a word with your better informed siblings who have a superior concept of the untold damage any form of Brexit will have on our country. #PeoplesVote
The only sea border that English &amp; Welsh Brexit voters were concerned about is the one involving The Channel. The G.F.A., &amp; all the ramifications of the U.K. &amp; Irish governments being co-guarantors for this international treaty, certainly didn't feature in the criminal campaign.
Back to the Future Circa 1934 stylee. How many other sectors are &amp; the #BrexitTaliban going after. Surely, further ground for some legal challenges ?
Michael Hintze hedge fund #CQS has done well out of #Brexit by helping fund the UKIP campaign now looking for new talent.! #LSE
I would feel as betrayed as I did on Brexit vote day.
If she has nothing to hide why the mystery
#Europe DptOf #Crimea Instability, #Breaking-#News: #POTUS saz he'd cancel his Concert in #Moscow-#Russia due to #Ukraine-#BDS Millions of Fans say they didn't know #Trump played #Putin visit #Malvinas after #Brexit in Tiffany #OWS #TLV #WikiLeaks #Hemp
Theresa May’s administration decline to produce details of Brexit deal legal advice
Why don't you talk about #Brexit?
I rely on prescription meds to stay alive; a no deal brexit would potentially result in shortages of many of these medications. It’s a no brainer for people like me ... #ref2
This brilliant response to Theresa May’s Brexit letter is going viral
We need poportional representation and knowing that your vote would count would help to change politics.If 20% voted Green, they would get 20% of the seats. We need to fix the broken system.
Watching #BBC analysis of #brexit is cringeworthy and anger inducing. Two and a half years in and they still don't get the basics. #bbcnewsnight
Quite happy to go back to square one | Brief letters #Brexit
May isn't stoic, she's stubborn. #Brexit #bbcpapers #BBCNews
This isn’t a complement of the PM’s Brexit deal... it’s a statement of the facts, as part of a completely separate process.
.WHY is she bothering. The time for debates is past! We want the #BREXIT action we were promised, nothing less and we want her OUT of the #PM's job!
Tyranny awaits, for sure #Brexit
European court to rule on whether article 50 can be reversed
Ch4 achieves the impossible, finding anyone who is pro May, Pro Brexit!
Living in Brum and 'the people want Brexit done' is not a reason to accept a shambolic deal
The Brexit which the FT supports
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
I guess you’re saying on that basis they shouldn’t have believed any of the Brexit campaign. I make you right on that!
Ministers have also agreed to publish their assessment of the impact on the economy if Britain were to stay in the EU, having been faced with the prospect of a damaging Commons defeat if they refused
This is momentous. Please retweet, get the news out there and contact your MP. A 3rd option is likely to be available to MPs - 1) the deal, 2) no deal, 3) no brexit, revoke A50.
Brexit: Theresa May denies 'rolling over' on deal - BBC News
British people back May's Brexit deal, exclusive poll finds Yeah right! #Bullshit via
This has nothing to do with Brexit, nothing to do with what is best for the country and everything to do with succession planning. Someone's after the top job.
This Is all a load of made up Bullshit - Everyone I have talked to hates this fake Brexit EU sellout deal - Lies Lies Lies!
BBC #Newsnight does seem to be in danger of building a track record on... ahem... clumsy handling when it comes to things Scottish.
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
Bilderberg Britain they are all of them Cameron-Osborne-Blair-Sturgeon and the witch who is as inept as any since Snow White! Traitors and puppets of the Bilderbeg group! That is why our lands in such a shocking state. MONEY HAS NO FLAG! Treasonous scum. Rockerfeller PLC and Co.
European court to rule on whether article 50 can be reversed
Why don't you talk about #Brexit?
Well I think the legal text hidden behind Mays atrocious "Deal" is well known and published now so there us Nothing To See Here just a complete disaster for Britain N.S.Ireland and Gibralta and of course the Conservative Party #TrojanHorseMay
no problem boiiiii brexit is brexit
The simpering Dale calls it right for once
Corbyn is many things but he's no Marxist - not by any stretch of the imagination. As for , a little self-reflection wldn't go amiss.Accusing others of being incapable of "sensible &amp; informed debate" is a tad rich, given her doom-laden flights of anti-Brexit fancy.
Tony Blair is one of the main reasons we voted brexit
And warm the that they better do what their told
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
How can we possibly be “giving back control” to the EU when, according to this chancer, Brexit was all about “taking back control”. We can’t take back what we already have; likewise, we cannot give back what we don’t have. So which is it?
Brexit will severely damage everything you care about
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
Because they don't want to debate the remain option? They'd rather frame the argument in terms of deal or no deal... Orderly Brexit through May's deal vs chaotic Brexit via alternative.
It's so cruel that old people have to decide about how the Internet will work, rather than the young generation. Although brexit is gonna happen soon in the UK, this is just unacceptable for the rest of the EU. #SaveYourInternet
THE UNITED KINGDOM IS BETTER THAN BEING REDUCED TO A COLONY OF THE EU!! THE DEAL IS NOT BREXIT THE DEAL IS TRAITORGATE THE TRAITORS ARE MAY AND THOSE WHO SUPPORT HER!!!
“Hard Brexit” Britain coming back to beg the EU for soft policies since 2016.
Few governments spend more on health. Education is proportionately higher than in France or Germany. Fewer fires, fewer fire fighters. Decades of falling crime, fewer police. No more wars, no more armed forces. Labour is leading the charge now on Brexit.
Brexit MPs who are against &amp; her terrible deal don't believe the papers and their project fear headlines saying people have changed their minds. WE HAVEN'T so stick with us WE WANT YOU TO STAND UP FOR BREXIT AND ALL THAT WE WERE PROMISED when we WON the referendum.
This is why I have gone into 2nd referendum mode. If you want to keep the NHS watch this
Italian Deputy Prime Minister Matteo Salvini has launched another sensational attack on the EU - this time over #Brexit
May wrote to the country about her #Brexit deal. Now Britain is writing back!
I'm really enjoying the Boris Johnson character in the latest series of The Thick of It. And the whole Brexit B-plot, just superb writing. Iannucci at his finest.
Why don't you talk about #Brexit?
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
Don't worry lads, Govey is on it. . .
more lies
Looks like is desperate to hang onto the votes of racists. Why? Government's post-Brexit immigration plans face delays as key MPs turn on 'isolated' PM over visas for low-skilled EU workers
Why would anyone want to do any form of deal with us post-Brexit after the back-sliding, u-turns, resignations, posturing, infighting and broken commitments so far #NewsNight #brexit
There will be no Brexit dividend for home-grown players and nor should there be
Who the fuck is Matt Hancock? When did he become Health Secretary?
“Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” ! - a song fighting FOR A NEW REFERENDUM! We must stop this dumb tragedy NOW!! Find the song “Regrets Won't Do on Brexit Day” on: Spotify etc Goggle Please Share!
12 Mps not fit 4 purpose. Not in the interest of the people. Remove whip
Just a bit scary - prophetic!
