Excellent Mr Squires ....
More generally, Brexit vote correlates with adaptiveness and openness to change
For some reason, this song seems appropriate today. #Brexit
Is “the trials of David Duckensfield” to be a #bbc mini-series? If if all these trials are public funded it’s time to call a halt. Also a cup semi - final is STREETS different to a league game. You appear to be using “Brexit tactics” keep vilifying until guilty .
The latest Crumbles to Pick On! Thanks to #brexit #food
The SVP are the only ones who are still cheering for the Brexit. We will have a bad awakening here, as they use the same arguments against the EU as Brexiters
Meet The New Brexit 'Doomsday Preppers': Housewives Stockpiling Food And Medicine | Zero Hedge
'I would vote for Hitler now if he told me Id get Brexit.' - We have to live with these people in our society.
brexit [the future of my ma's gaff] makes me wanna crawl into a whole and peacefully pass into the universe
Jeremy Vine your no spring chicken,does that include you.
Brexit negotiations could be reopened if MPs reject Theresa May deal, German foreign minister says What Corbyn has been saying all along
This not democracy this is the lazy High paid MPs not wanting to do the job they're being voted into to do.
Perhaps if Brexit is not delivered Leave voters as political prisoners of the EU can also apply to the US for asylum &amp; well done Milo for standing up to a Neanderthal Ethnic absurdity.
behind the scenes voting procedure for tonight's #BrexitVote
Well, the current impasse is making us a global laughing stock. And there is no majority in parliament for any version of Brexit or even a People's Vote. It's hard to see a way forward. But in the end if parliament can't solve it let's lob it back at the peeps.
Trust! Brexit is one big fat criminal lie. Whatever Brexit is, it’s nothing to do with “trust”.
You are right . She is a Terminator. We will have to crush her with a metal press to get her to stop.
2016 Brexit: Easiest Trade Deal in History! 2019 Brexit: Not as bad as Dunkirk, almost
If you love Anna Soubry.......... Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process via
"What the Brexiters are yearning to do is to throw away membership of the EU, the world’s second-largest consumer market, in favour of arduous talks, whose benefits are uncertain at best" Do read the full article
I’d like to bet that Barnier et al would much rather negotiate with Corbyn and Starmer than whoever the current Tory #Brexit Secretary is. #BrexitVote #BrexitDay
EXPLAINED - when you can expect the big results in the #BrexitVote tonight - live updates
Spotted between Vauxhall and Waterloo #brexit
The British prime minister is set to lose a vote on her #Brexit deal but time is running short for a plan “B”
Nothing from on this Pete?
Better not be russia again although that could be the unifying force that Brexit could never be in turning down the political polarisation, curse my optimism.
If you're smart u will vote against #Brexit!
Delighted she triggered article 50. Parliament voted for it. 384 majority no less. It’s law we’re leaving #WTOBrexit
What one piece of Jacob Rees-Mogg nonsense tells us about Brexit tactics via
#Brexit: 'Judgement Day'
I'm using this page to show my future students how newspapers obviously the English ones, skew the same news according to political bias! What is Europe's media saying on the morning of the Brexit vote?
Meaningful in the context of influencing Brexit as originally parliament wasn't going to have a say.
Mark Tutone Crazy Politics: Theresa May makes final pleas for Brexit plan supp...
Pension cut sneaked out:
Never mind airtime, how do they still get their tax payer funded wages?!
Yvette Cooper: ''We need to carefully consider the security implications of a No Deal Brexit'' commentators: woah calm down - patronising much? Cox: ''WHAT ARE YOU DOING? You are LEGISLATORS, not CHILDREN. Here's an analogy, IDIOTS!'' commentators: so wise, so statesmanlike!
And that’s the point. You can’t really deal with austerity if you ignore the Brexit elephant in the room. Brexit makes austerity worse - and makes dealing with austerity much harder, even with the best will in the world.
#ARRSE Shit happens. Alternatives to toilet paper after Brexit
Im impressed with the job you are doing regarding Brexit, Stay or go, doesn’t matter, I just want to wish you good luck.
The deal will not go through. So the big question will be "What now?". As it stands there is no extension to Art 50, no deal and we are 73 days from no-deal #Brexit. This is not managed. I will ask the same q I always do. When will the people of NI be better off b/c of Brexit?
No love, history will ask why Brexit was actually a thing ..........
Brexit WARNING: Leave campaigner fears Brexit has been 'taken from the British people' - - LIKE &amp; RETWEET
"Its difficult to conceive that Steffan was a member of the assembly for such a short time, such great his contribution," said , former first minister. "I for one found his contribution to the debate on Brexit to be invaluable."
Labour's Hilary Benn withdraws amendment to May’s Brexit deal – The Guardian
What Mrs May should have said at Lancaster House....... #brexit #strongandstable #leavemeansleave #brexitdebate
Its very divided on the text.....Welcome to Brexit 2.0
He’s here. They’re all here. #Brexit
Empty words given that we've had three years of fighting, mainly among the Brexiters themselves, and there's still no consensus on what Brexit means.
So, that's why May is dropping the no deal Brexit?
Immigrants expected to earn £30k before working in Brexit Britain
Protesters gather as the final debate on the Brexit Withdrawal Bill begins in England.
New article ('Winter is coming’: Gove warns of GOT-style apocalypse if crucial Brexit vote fails) has been published on The Daily Digest - #WalkAway
The storm was stirring long before we knew it, when the sun was still obscuring our vision Cloudy, with outbreaks of Brexit by Sarah Doyle has won the #BrexitinPoetry #competition. Have you read it?
“In Switzerland, they tell people to have, I think, two weeks’ stuff.”
Are you listerning
Today's stupidest tweet award goes to Robert Peston
Meet The New Brexit ‘Doomsday Preppers’: Housewives Stockpiling Food An #brexit #doomsday #food #news #breakingnews
is this dink cool, ?
What faith in democracy? We lost that ages ago..
I’ve reached the point of Brexit coverage where the only thing I look forward to on the news is the weather. The Scottish weather. That’s how bad it is...
#Britain is sadly learning the #EU is like the #HotelCalifornia. You can check out anytime you like, but you can never leave. #Brexit will be betrayed by the Left, mainstream tory cowards, and the establishment media at the behest of the EU overlords #BrexitBetrayal
Brexit amendments: How MPs will try to shape PM's deal #sky #news
Cannot *bear* to take in one more smidge of Brexit today. Wake me up when it's all over (when they're wiser and I'm Rip van fucking Winkle).
Newspaper headlines: Brexit 'D-Day' provokes strong stances
"Labour should be opposing Brexit" - tells Sky News that Labour should be the party of remain and calls for another public vote. Follow the latest on Brexit here:
Very true! Every moment in life needs its music. And maybe a 4´33´´-style Fanfare would match the fiesta of toxic nationalism that #Brexit represents...curious to hear the results!
Take note and we are not interested in a general election for Labour to take us out of the European Union.
And even if they were they were a delusional waste of time...
'When I said bring those doughnuts into the cabinet room, I didn't mean the Krispy Kremes!'
Looking record for examples of #Brexit #cakeism &amp; #unicorns, doscovered this cited academic #REFimpact (EU Law Analysis blog), Lions or Unicorns? Theresa May and Boris Johnson’s speeches on the UK’s future relationship with EU
Brexit Brief: U.K. Prime Minister faces historic defeat in landmark vote
: Ahead of today's parliamentary vote on Prime Minister Theresa May's Brexit deal, it's time to go back to basics -- here's everything you need to know about the divorce between the EU and the UK:
Is Brexit-voting Llanelli changing its mind? - BBC News via
Fed up hearing about Brexit and Trump? Why not hear about 's aspiration to become a rockstar instead.
“No nonsense Brexit crossing”
Brexit lexicon has wormed its way into football....
Love him or hate him you get a very calm argument with It’s nice to hear a #brexit debate without people shouting over the top of each other.
Literally has nothing to do with the point. I was arguing that there was no right or wrong in the Brexit or no brexit question
We are playing with people’s life says Attorney Gerneral Geoffrey Cox on Brexit debate right now in House of Commons #Brexit #BrexitVote so true, so wake up and stop the nonsense. #ExitBrexit #Remain #EU28 watch:
If MSM would give Brexit &amp; Europe coverage on immigration the Democrats would lose this shutdown!
sick of hearing remainers saying we didn’t know what the vote was for, rubbish. The vote was to leave the EU, the mechanics don’t matter, I had the snip and didn’t ask the details from the doctor, I trusted him, just like the people trusted the government to complete #brexit
Geophysical at its best.
This is the horns of the dilemma upon which Mrs May cast the whole of Parliament... Her own deal is even less popular than a socially and economically disastrous no deal...
At least I live in the country I am making comments about. I don’t think she is representing London, England these days. You need to focus on Brexit.
Or pehaps more accurately, Brexit Bulldoggers? #wato
Nobody can quite articulate how Brexit "actually could or would injure the U.K. over several decades" but there is no end to the catastrophic predicting and "paid for" protestors.
The definition of madness is repeating the same thing over and expecting a different outcome. is bringing her #Brexit deal back to Westminster for certain defeat, having wasted valuable months pursuing it. #MayMustGo
"I suspect Plan B looks very much like Plan A, with a few knobs on" journalist says of the options open to the PM if she loses Tuesday's #brexit vote predicting a 20-30% chance of a no-deal outcome #politcslive
That is exactly what happened, just before a UFO beamed up Elvis and dropped him off in the Bermuda Triangle.
Re #Brexit vote. the focus on the scale of the loss seems to be the in vogue. In the words of Ricky Bobby "If you're not first, you're last"...
Gordon Burns to host a one-off episode of The Krypton Factor - Remain Versus Leave - winner decides Brexit outcome. #SuggestAPlanBForMay
"Brexit is a complete cluster shambles" I suspect this is a tweaked version of what originally wanted to say.
I can’t remember O’Brien losing an argument over Brexit. But let’s face it, he’s usually up against liars, idiots, or racists
When Lucy Powell sees people resigning from the cabinet because of their opposition to the PM’s Brexit policy, what does she imagine is happening? What story does she tell herself consistent with her notion of the ever ERG-placating May?
And the leading Brexit politicians NEVER blame themselves. They rather remind me of British trots, who claim Bolshevism would have been a jolly really, if only the rest of the world had caught on.
"They (The EU) are rules-based until they decide not to be". - Jacob Rees-Mogg, who moved millions of pounds of funds to Ireland in anticipation of Brexit. (Just now, on )
The Tories have reached the Arguing with the Bouncer stage of Brexit. No Deal will be them walking the streets looking for a kebab, vomiting in the taxi, and sleeping in the hedge.
There's not a lot left on the #Brexit table for May now: The two amendments that offered a chink of light to May was the Swire and Murris...
Oh Betty - I love you
I don't disagree with any of your points but until Brexit is resolved all these issues remain on the back burner and will continue to do so.
Not to mention the fact that Brexit has distracted Parliament from actually having the time and intellectual capacity to address social mobility, child poverty, education, health service reform.
What happens After Brexit (due to future mounting Economic pressures)? Well, returning to the European block with all of today's current benefits in trade etc., will no doubt require the UK to adopt the Euro! #PeoplesVote
BBCNEWS 5:22am BREXIT DEAL VOTE. Speaker selects four amendments ahead of vote L BREXIT DEAL VOTE. Speaker selects four amendments...
They know what they are doing ! REVEALED: Theresa May's deal could see UK TIED to EU rules FOR YEARS, boasts Brussels
Christ, lord above save me from that fucking trump tweet on my TL for the rest of the day. Would almost appreciate grim brexit news over it.
And then you vote for Brexit
"Do we opt for order, or do we choose chaos," Attorney General Geoffrey Cox asks MPs as he opens the last day of the Brexit debate. Where have I heard that one before...
I don't think he knows his own mind, ormaybe the lucrative job he's been given, without delivering anything, at a think tank may have something to do with it? #WhoFundsYou
Outside of Europe we'll have fewer rights. That won't help anyone as the stress begins to pile up. #MentalHealth #Brexit
British Embassy and Hungarian government provide an update on #Brexit and how it will affect #UK citizens who reside in #Hungary. Read our report on the recent Town Hall meeting.
One other scenario of course is a no-confidence vote and a general election but that is still relatively unlikely at the moment
Geoffrey Cox, the Attorney General, waxing lyrical, Shakespearean style, about May's Brexit deal, attempting to disguise the holes with legal speak, a stirring tone &amp; topping of Tory tosh.
Nicola Sturgeon urges MPs to take greatest chance of staying in EU since 2016
Well said PM and done those old boys bully you.
How lovely. Now my question is "How many UK jobs (and their tax revenues) have already been lost due to Brexit?"
If Brexit had been branded Bremain would we even be having these debates? The power of spin
The man behind the till laughed at because she wouldn’t buy a coat at £50 that had no price on but in sale section. I was a bit shocked and I said ‘well brexit tomorow so we won’t be able to afford anything at all’ Silence Looked at him and he was pissed
No-deal Brexit could lead to drug shortages and delayed operations
Brexit explained: Why does the Border matter and what is the backstop? via
Can't help but feel that this might become more common if #Brexit goes ahead. (In practice I'm sure some EU equivalent of the US ESTA will be implemented, but that's a far cry from what we have today.)
because she doesn’t care for our country. case closed.
I love Radio 5, but I may need to be sponsored (a lot) to listen to any more of its Brexit coverage
British Jews reclaiming German roots in path to Europe after Brexit: Overcoming pangs of guilt, descendants of Holocaust survivors increasingly utilizing German citizenship reparations law to escape Britain's isolationist turn TimesofIsrael
Whether you agree with him on #Brexit or not, the guy is an absolute beast on facts, figures and logic. He's owning the conversation on #JeremyVine show
Your coverage of #Brexit &amp; immigration is bullshit. Brits leaving the UK to live in the EU are not “expats” they’re immigrants. You can’t give them another name and then complain about immigrants in the UK you bloody hypocrites. #StopBeingTwats
Dimon says he still doesn't believe there'll be a hard Brexit, expects two to four years of transition and negotiation.
Brexit means..
Dream on = no chance because our MP rulers are 100% sure they can have their own way and get away with it
Feelings running high at Westminster. Pro brexit protestors confront a pro EU couple
Follow the #Brexitvote live on : Blog: Stream:
Bollocks! To hell with democracy heh?!
After May loses tonight's vote here are SIX ways the next stage of the Brexit drama might play out #SM
Bloody Brexit
Have a good joke to tell...... brexit
Are you logistics arrangements #Brexit ready (whatever the outcome)? Get in touch to discuss your requirements. #BrexitVote #BrexitVote #logistics #Yorkshireis #Sheffieldissuper #Rotherhamiswonderful #barnsleyisbrill #Freight #supplychain
Exactly. The first paragraph of HMG Brexit white paper says as much.
Juncker calls on #EU to seize chance to become major 'sovereign power' - and this is exactly why Brexit is required, EU is out of control and way out of touch
(via ) CNN: Ahead of today's parliamentary vote on Prime Minister Theresa May's Brexit deal, it's time to go back to basics -- here's everything you need to know about the divorce between the EU and the UK: …
The UK parliament’s problem is not really with Theresa May or the Backstop as Brexiteers and Labour pretend - it’s with the reality of Brexit ruining the false political fantasies they’re still - incomprehensively - trying to wheel 2 years later...
David Squires on … football spying and Neil Warnock's Brexit views
His father is turning in his grave (!!)
Writing for on Sunday explained that British businesses and foreign investors need certainty &amp; stability. By backing the PM's Brexit deal MPs can deliver just that #WithdrawalAgreement
But given the question of whether the backstop will be time-limited has been THE issue during most of the Brexit debate, quite something that Bercow has rejected all the amendments relating to this.
Would anybody, other than a moron, ever watch Silent Witness with its overtly and shameful PC agenda?
Nope - Brexit would win by a bigger margin. People have seen the EU for what it is - a dictatorship.
Brexit: How will MPs vote? - #BBC News
Any Brexit will drive people further apart, not together. Show leadership, explain to leavers without insulting or patronising how it will hurt everyone, especially them, and that you won't go along with it. Result: huge relief and soon a Labour govt.
What's remarkable, and scandalous, is that it's the first time (as far as I know) that Mogg has been put under some pressure over Brexit in the past two years.
Forgot to say - the path to a good consensus Brexit wouldn't be started until it was complete and agreed by all parties. No more cliff edges - obviously I would be as happy as Larry if Brexit were to simple disappear. But lots of people see things otherwise, so we need consensus
Parliament debates Brexit. Speaker: "The attorney general is addressing the House, as per usual, with a remarkable combination of the intellect of Einstein and the eloquence of Demosthenes. We're all enjoying it enormously."
Brexit Barometer shows three point lead for Labour
"we need a snack that represents brexit..." "what about doughnuts? They lack real substance have gaping holes and never deliver quite what you hoped."
Ominous figures in the $JPM earnings release for the Sept to Dec ‘18 quarter. View of credit as a one-way bet has changed bigly. Long term opportunity but expect volatility to persist for some time until more price discovery of trade deals, Brexit, etc
Theresa May’s Brexit deal is likely to suffer a historic defeat. Here’s what happens nex #FLoRiDa #mEDIcal #MAriJUana
As someone who has beaten Theresa May in court and proved her to be racist against British people (uncontested and unreported by the #MSM as it didnt fit their pro EU agenda) .. I'm looking forward to her losing laters. #Brexit #BrexitVote
MPs are lining up to say why they won’t be voting for Theresa May’s Brexit deal #labour #politics #JC4PM
British PM faces defeat in historic Brexit deal vote
BREAKING: The world’s media descends on Bournemouth as huge news story detracts from Brexit.
Ditto this guy from Ulster...Sky News really needs English subtitles once north and west of Hadrian's wall. #Brexit
17m brexit rule 66m uk humans thats sounds like hitler brown shirts again no freedom
Asian shares on defensive, sterling braces for Brexit vote #Eurobiz #Europe
Brexit is the story of a Political Party betraying the country they were elected to represent, to play out their delusional fantasy of taking back control, AKA "giving orders, not taking them" the rest of us will have to suffer the consequences of that delusion.
May's remainers' Brexit...
MPs to vote 5x on #Brexit from 7pm after Speaker selects 4 amendments. Guardian reporting result of final #Brexit vote, yes/no on #TheresaMay’s deal, coming at around 8.15pm.
looking forward to gags about brexit hamberders containing no meat something something inedible something
Why do the politicians ignore the fact nobody wants another referendum? #Brexit
...or alternatively continue as normal with approach to Brexit made realistic by inflexibility of EU on matters that have nothing to do with our leaving their political organisation. Leave, negotiate a low hanging fruit Trade Deal and use £39 bn to cushion any negative impact.
It’s almost impossible to overstate George Osborne’s personal culpability for this Brexit shitshow. Don’t be distracted by his visceral hatred for Theresa May: this is Gimpy’s fault.
(1/2) WATCH: Arlene Foster says Ireland "never had a hard border"
Would really love it if Theresa May just said “no Brexit. The ghost of Jacob Marley came to me and so no Brexit. Also cancelling Universal Credit.”
A No Deal Brexit would be disastrous for the Liverpool City Region – putting our jobs and essential services at risk. Ahead of today’s #BrexitVote, I've joined fellow leaders from major cities and city regions across England to call on to take No Deal off the table.
There is no chance that will happen. May's deal is not Brexit, it will keep Britain in chains, says loyal civil servant. #borisjohnson #boris johnson
As the vote approaches on Mrs May's Brexit deal, compromise looks impossible. What lessons can we learn from the process that has got us to this point?
So Tories repealed Act saying ceding of power to EU needs a people's vote and tonight will vote on ceding power to 27 EU countries to make laws for the UK #Stopbrexit #FBPE #Brexit #GuyVerhofstadt #WATON #Barnier #politics #PeoplesVote #SNP #EU
Germany CAVES IN: EU urged to find a ‘better solution’ as no-deal Brexit fears hit
THE DAILY MACRO BRIEF: Trump pays for the burgers, Brexit, disappointing macro figures in China and the euro zone...
Stuart McCall and Charlie Miller share a tender moment
This is Sophie. Sophie hates Brexit too and is thinking about moving to Germany.
I'd like to remind you that Brexit voters kept the CON party from annihilation at the GE. That will never happen again. Floating voters &amp; many Con Brexiteers will never vote for the con that is LibLabCon ever again. Mps are spineless, the people are not
Although I do think does some remarkable work in fighting Brexit. Nevertheless, to have the humility and deference to treat such issues as the environment of her constituency and those who live here is just as important?
British Prime Minister faces defeat in historic Brexit deal vote
A lot of people have asked how I’m voting tonight. This post explains why I will be voting against the Prime Minister’s Withdrawal Agreement.
The fear of the Far Right being used to encourage support of Mays deal highlights the influence that they can have,isn't it fair to assume they will use this in future if they believe that things aren't working out as they want?How many will turn to them if Brexit doesn't deliver
stipendium imperii brexitum est The wages of Empire are Brexit. (With apologies to Christopher Marlowe and his Faust: stipendium peccati mors est, The wages of sin are death, etc.)
1m British citizens in 27 countries. 3m European citizens in the UK. Who is benefitting more from being in the EU? NOT US. #Brexit
That’s a fair point but the numbers voting remain were just 1.3m fewer. Each year around 550k die, so since June 2016 we might have lost almost the difference. Point is that things change or could change. Ben’s wealth is irrelevant, many pro Brexit are richer
PM will try force a SECOND vote on her Brexit deal despite facing defeat
"I suspect Plan B looks very much like Plan A, with a few knobs on" journalist SamCoatesTimes says of the options open to the PM if she loses Tuesday's #brexit vote predicting a 20-30% chance of a no-deal outcome #politcslive
What happened to Brexit? Can’t be Trump! What happened to Macron &amp; Merkel? Can’t be Trump!
Should really have a sweep stakes on how much May is going to lose by. I reckon 175. Any other takers? #Brexit #meaningfulvote
@#@#@ Unfortunately, neither side has the courage to demand the return of the disastrous #Brexit vote to the people for reconsideration. That’s not leadership that’s gamesmanship.
This smells like #Brexit
Brexit will halt that as there will not be enough vets to certify the fitness of the animals
Also appears that the Shadow Brexit Secretary isn’t in his place...... I sense something is being planned behind the scenes! #Brexit #MeaningfulVote #BrexitChaos
You will hear a lot about the #backstop today due to the #Brexit vote. In short remainers love it, leavers hate it. Have a read why
The amendments MPs must deal with before the Brexit vote #Brexit #BrexitVote #BrexitDeal #FBPE
He’s just so full of crap! Along with McDonnell, two horrible people that will devastate our Country. Don’t give them any opportunity......Please!
And you condemn more to suffering by supporting brexit
Anything else 'they' want to blame us for? Bed blocking, Brexit, now voting. I pay my taxes so I'm entitled to vote.
I could not agree more. This crisis raises serious questions about our constitutional arrangements. I tried to do a note at:
RECALL OF MP ACT 1995.... get them all sacked. Bridget phillipson my local MP was on sky news yday saying she's not voting for BREXIT even tho 30,000 more voted LEAVE than remain. Power crazy self centered idiots just lining their pockets and getting a free ride at our expense.
Yep. That’s Brexit in a nutshell. It’s all about the Conservative party. They don’t give a damn about anyone else let alone the country!
He answered about the quote being selective. O'brien on shaky ground about selective quotes. He loves to quote the port of Dover CEO (actually ex CEO) on potential queues. He never explains quotes that show after Brexit the port of Dover predicts a 40% increase in freight traffic
No deal #Brexit illegal move makes May so cross - #Why?
Keep doing what you do it keeps me and a lot of friends going in this mad Brexit world dominated by right wing press.
No one argues whether they contribute to the U.S. The argument is why does the U.S. contribute the most to NATO when we are the ones who are used the most? It should be even &amp; proportional That’s why England is pulling from the EU with Brexit.We are tired of paying other’s bills
To this newspaper I ask "Is Brexit to be the royal baby's name??"
I think it’s wonderful that Richard Littlejohn so fondly remembers something that happened 13 years before he was born. #BrexitShambles #brexit #PeopleVote
They no longer represent the people. Disgusting.
Anyone who runs a business or is self employed knows how hard it is to get business either locally or globally. Businesses of all descriptions and size employ people, pay salaries and provide funds for public services. #RevokeA50 or #PeoplesVote
Will Globalists smash Brexit today? It doesn’t look good for the people!
Rendon #Daily is up … w/ news on clashes between Chadian and Sudanese rebels, UK Prime Minister May and the upcoming Brexit vote, US President Trump threatening Turkey over Syria and more
Voting against May Brexit deal will damage democracy, says Gove
JRM currently on R2, arrogant and lying #Brexit #LeaveEU This is your future Britain. The Eton educated class taking control of your future. You didn't vote to take back control but voted to return to a class based society, well done...
#Brexit we stand with you!! #maga #kag
Currencies: British pound climbs as likelihood of Brexit delay rises January 11, 2019 in #WallSt
The fact that the only criticism of JC handling of Brexit has come from people who would criticise him whatever he did in this subject or any other, leads me to believe he has played this spot on. #JC4PM2019
Dan, you banged on about this for the last *30* years, yet you and the Leave leaders didn't bother with even a single detail about how Brexit would be implemented in practice. Because you're all lazy, showboating dilettantes and clowns, unfit to do grown-up, detail-oriented work.
Implementing the result means a no deal brexit, will you implement that ?
The Saviour of Mankind has spoken! Well hush my mouth - how safe we are from the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. But not, apparently, from GRIEVEous harm!
"It's not a proper #Brexit." Tory MP says Theresa May has "watered down" the UK's exit from the EU and it is not the Brexit that was agreed. Follow live updates on today's Brexit debate here:
It is the duty of all MPs to vote this amendment down tonight. It is a total betrayal of the referendum result!
These public-servants are not meant to trust the public. They are just representatives, who must obey the public. As they refuse, when is the poll to shut down the relic that is Parliament? More polls. Less politicians.
My kids are coming back from school singing The Final Countdown by Europe?! #Brexit
We do blame you Lammy. We blame Westminster for selling us off to the EU behind our backs. And when we get a chance to vote on membership, you do everything you can to thwart it.
At it's absolute best, Cox on behalf of May/government, is asking for a 'Blind Brexit'. Entirely unacceptable. #StopBrexit #RevokeA50
Opposition days, backbench dates, amendments to domestic bills before March 29th, private members bills.... If you think Parliament can't and won't prevent a no deal Brexit, it's you who's clinging on, desperately to your dying far right project.
2. No Channel Tunnel. Are we to be lead to believe they will just bury the tunnel after Brexit? Is that why there have been no deals with Eurotunnel for freight to and from Europe?
We will, I'm sure see attempts to renegotiate if, as expected, the deal falls. The EU's position will, I'm sure, become clearer. This was my take from a few days ago:
So what's the scoop lads are we all buzzing for brexit? Or are we still wanting a slice of that hot European Union action? Or like me are you no longer fucked either way as long as they sort it out by the end of the week and don't mention it again?
People have voted for Brexit,then how can democracy be damaged!??!
paddington to replace may after brexit defeat chaos
Sleaford Mods - B.H.S. via this is how I feel about Green/Farage/Johnson/Banks/Gove and ensuing #Brexit dystopia #SleafordMods
Welp, that's one way to migrate back to Europe
2/ My vets have been told not to order anything from the EU, including insulin, and the UK doesn’t manufacture enough to meet needs. ‘The Brexit Health Alliance warns that unless an appropriate exit deal is reached, medicines and medical technologies could Thread ...
LIVE – final day of Commons debate on the Brexit deal ahead of the vote ... via
'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU on the Brexit deal vote
Can somebody please retweet David Cameron's tweet about the strong and stable government with him or chaos with Ed Miliband. Not seen it for days #brexit
“It cannot be ignored, however, that the UK tech sector must react to challenges that cast shadows over immigration policy, the future of EU nationals working in tech and access to international markets,” writes of . #Brexit
Theresa May has the same hairdo as Jay from Inbetweeners. #Brexit
New data from Facebook's ad archive has revealed a network of hard-Brexit and second referendum campaigning groups splashed more than a million pounds on ads in the lead up to Theresa May's crucial Brexit vote – but their sources of funding remain unclear
Please stop STOP, for whatever reason you choose, you aren’t going to get this Brexit some ‘elements’ desire EVER... as I read some of the comments to this post I become more and more convinced that the public does indeed need protecting!
Well said Heidi - shame Shailesh Vara doesn't share your views but he's looking after himself like many other politicians whose constituents are pro leave - it's not how he really feels.
Brexiteers owe Dominic Grieve and Gina Miller a debt of gratitude, says
your Tweet was quoted in an article by
While Theresa May tries to gain confidence as the date looms closer, ask yourself "will your organisation cope?" Complete our “BREXIT-PERIMENTUS” health check &amp; see if you are BREXIT ready.
Feeling a little fed up waiting for Brexit to be sorted.
England should brexit leaving wales Scotland and ni in the eu to prosper
Love listening to Geoffrey Cox , he should be the prime minister #parliment #brexit #BrexitDeal #AttorneyGeneral #Conservatives
When tough talk becomes reality: the UK’s new immigration policy Our January column by of #immigration #brexit #law #policy
#TheresaMay in House of Commons I can’t help feeling sorry for her. Although, sympathy disappears because I know she will mercilessly attack #Corbyn and blame #Labour at every opportunity. So the truth is May chose to start #Brexit negotiations with hostility. Reap what you sow.
Food for thought re banking regulation / political dislocation caused by financial crises. Brexit: Blame it on the banking crisis | VOX, CEPR Policy Portal
Stocks tripped by earnings angst, sterling huddled for Brexit vote -
#lbc #brexit #EU #Europe #gmb #goodmorningbritain #london #poland #polish Mogg for priminister he is wiping the floor with JOB
Theresa May faces worst government defeat in 95 years in key Brexit vote - Bloomberg
What's your next move Charlie? As a remain-supporter who has genuinely accepted the referendum result, (unlike many others) .What do you see as the best way forward now? No Deal? Cancel Brexit? Another option?
Anyone who still believes that Brexit is a great idea for the UK, is deluded, all the "promises" with the leave campaign were lies! Fair play to for trying to make it work, but lets be honest it was never going to work, we are better off in the EU. #BrexitVote
Is this the same bloke who like May did not want the full Brexit impact statement made available. No need to say anymore.
And is no different. One tricky pony, messing up brexit and the country. She doesn't support gay people in her own country. Never mind in Chechnya!
How will UK Parliament members vote on the Brexit deal? Here’s a look back at how their constituencies voted in the 2016 referendum via #tictocnews
Home building growth in the UK under threat from a no deal #Brexit #property
NEW TODAY! I cannot vote for a deal that squanders Brexit and betrays the British people writes Suella Braverman
Spot on from Brendan O'Neill
Meaningful coverage? Perhaps Mr Snow has been on a course.
For a laugh...
There are seemingly quite a few of our country folk who do not understand democracy.
UK Government Could Fall Today As Prime Minister May's Brexit Deal Set To Be Defeated By Record Amount.
#Brexit solution. Freeze all MP's wages until resolved. #Brexit #BrexitVote
German comedy sketch mocks Britain as it compares Brexit to an escape room
/ fucking brexit day
Whatever the outcome in the #brexit debate, there's sure a BAFTA in it for Geoffrey Cox #givingitsome
Stop trading pound sterling ahead of Brexit deal vote, top bank warns clients
In summary Bored of Brexit: Pass The Deal #BOBPTD
Keeping the pound in my thoughts and prayers today -- `A defeat by more than 220 votes could see sterling fall to $1.225, according to Neil Jones, head of hedge-fund currency sales at Mizuho Bank.' #Brexit via
People vote brexit for dozens of different reasons.
Love this #brexit
After hearing on I think he should be in charge of #Brexit. At least we might get a fair deal out of this fiasco!
Sadly, Brexit has brought all the rats out of the sewers, the weevils out of the woodwork and the ignorant, xenophobic dimwits on to the streets here.
No Brexit is not a danger it's sensible return to the status quo where are better off and well regarded it is the absolute best deal there is for the country and our children's' future. Leavers do not have any sensible alternatives #wato #brexitvote #SkyNews #RevokeArticle50
'I didn't agree with some of the language being used' which I always peg as foul, but in Brexit Britain could a number of languages.
What is clear about Brexit (Lexit, any Brexit) is that it will equal job loses, worsening austerity, less money for the NHS &amp; weakening UK influence (why Putin told to 'get on with it'). It is the tax avoiders big plan. A #PeoplesVoteNow is the democratic way forward
I would hate to bring an innocent child into this extremely unsafe, over-populated country.. and it’s only getting worse #brexit #brexshit #RAGE
I've donated to a local food bank this morning, it's a small gesture but thinking of people who will be struggling this time of year with Universal Credit, post Christmas, pre Brexit etc. We can all help in some way #payitforward
What’s the point of providing for a meaningful vote, a long debate, a long delay in the middle and finally a massive defeat if PM can just assert nothing has changed and come back with her defeated deal? She has to move on, or move out.
Yep. That’s Brexit in a nutshell. It’s all about the Conservative party not the country!
Is the AG lying about the certainty of the rights of EU citizens living here after #Brexit? #BrexitVote #brexitdebate
The amount of votes loses by is irrelevant 10 or 100, if she loses the #Brexit vote a #GeneralElectionNow should ensue!
Only by REMAINING
BBCNEWS 5:23am BREXIT DEAL VOTE. Murrison amendment on ending backstop not selectei BREXITDEA'L'VOTE. W. . . ....
this is the type of fuckwit mp who wants brexit
Don't forget the Brexit/Torys campaign have form for that and they lied. The torys get their funding from big buisness so who do you think they will represent? Me &amp; you or Google, Starbucks, Amazon, Facebook, Boots, Tesco, David Cameron or all other non tax payers?
Watching the #brexit debate in #Westminster on TV and it reminds me of the #talkingheads in particularly the angry ones. Probably the #Heads would have more chance of resolving the issues
Appalling decision. I really hope that you will be deselected at the earliest opportunity for your lack of support for your party! I don't believe that your constituents will support your decision, either.
Someone should tell Geoffrey Cox, speaking with gravitas in a style akin to Winston Churchill doesn’t make it the truth, fact, or any less deceitful in its attempt to mislead and coerce parliament and this vote. #Brexit
To think he coulda beena contenda. Say what you like about Brexit, you see what politicians really are. Gove is an ambitious little snake.
Brexit Vote: Parliament to Decide on E.U. Withdrawal Plan
#British PM faces defeat in historic #Brexit deal vote
Absolutely. I want Brexit buried in the deepest possible grave. It is completely toxic and will do nothing but harm to ordinary people.
Looks like another directionless day to me. Is there a time for brexit?
The only way this brexit could have been handled so badly is that if it was done deliberately. This then makes you wonder the actual agenda behind all this orchestrated chaos, it also makes me wonder if it’s worth giving up the whole of the Tory parties reputation for decades.
Take your weary eyes off dreary Brexit for a moment and wonder at the achievements required and the possibilities opened by working to a common purpose...
No no no. They have been taking the piss for 2 years. Now tell them to F off. Out WTO terms. Then we will dictate to them. Sorted.
Nice and impartial I see what about labours shambles over #brexit??
Stocks tripped by earnings angst, sterling huddled for Brexit vote
The dude filming this shows incredible restraint not to knock him out, fuckin wow
Try is the word . . .
Sterling Strength Just When You Didn't (Brexit) Expect it! #brexit #Circadianfx #marketmumble #politics #finance #Sterling
Indeed, but I think it's complete pie in the sky to expect that, by simply cancelling Brexit, we will be able to revert to the status quo ante. If we don't get out now, they'll tie us up in such knots we'll never get free
The latest System-Fuchs Daily! Thanks to #brexit #großbritannien
Brexit: How will MPs vote? - BBC News
I’m actually astounded. That there has never been a hard border is a lie she cannot be allowed to peddle. There were customs checks in the past. And it has never been claimed the border was sealed but there were literally thousands of troops carrying out inspections.
I will be voting against the PMs agreement this evening in the national interest.
Brexit: change the backstop wording regarding a border in the Irish Sea to “IT CAN BE VETOED UNILATERALLY BY NORTHERN IRELAND “ This is ESSENTIAL.
Today's Brexit vote options explained: MPs need to choose between - Edvard Munch's painting "The Scream" and - the "This is fine" meme of a dog drinking coffee in a burning house...
The night of the referendum the pound got you $1.53 the morning of the result it was $1.23,cost me an extra £800 for my dollars for my U.S visit.stuff your Brexit.
I know a lot of staff from RDE ( main hospital in Exeter ) and they have informed me that 67% of their staff are workers from the EU. Quite a few have gone home due to concerns over Brexit.
Not sure how writing names on naked body will take down brexit ..
Attorney General is not aware of market advantage fish landed in N Ireland will have vs fish landed in Scotland -confuses this with quotas rather than a marketable commodity to the EU if landed in CU &amp; SM or not. That is worrying response to both me and #Brexit
BBCNews : RT BBCRealityCheck: Attorney General Geoffrey Cox tries to offer reassurances about the controversial #backstop in Theresa May's #brexitdeal so what is it? #brexitvote (via Twitter
Pleased to advise I’ve now secured from Attorney General who is an honourable man the clear acceptance that #EU #backstop assurance letters won’t effect the legal agreement. They are political &amp; don’t change legal position #Brexit #MeaningfulVote
If you believe in free movement of people as I do she is the main problem I recall her extreme right wing anti-immigrant spell as Home Secretary
Nail - &gt; head
hahaha man up and accept brexit you shithouse
Brexit is a danger to the peoples of Britain, a danger politically, economically and socially. #BrexitVote
The government have not been honest with the trade offs that need to be made, and everyone who actually has a clue and that the Leavers are expecting to find solutions, do not want Brexit and already consider it a failed project.
Some in Labour seem more interested in a GE and beating the Tories than taking a serious stance on Brexit. Tonights vote will be interesting.
You are still fighting this like we haven't had a vote on Brexit. We have. We disagree on what would happen in the event of no deal clearly but, you need to accept that your side didn't win, and there is no real appetite beyond 2 thirds of remainders for another vote.
EU parliament shows the size of a portion of fish and chips after #brexit. How many chips per food stamp? ;)
MPs are lining up to say why they won't be voting for Theresa May's Brexit deal. By
She could learn a thing or two from that Gillette ad.
Every so often even #Tory #Brexit supporters surprise me with the depths to which they'll plunge. Horrible from
He really has been the greatest disappointment. I still think it’s because he thinks to succeed in becoming PM he needs the backing of remain MPs..
. telling believes Govt will lose #MeaningfulVote by about 50, estimates of huge defeat being propagated by Downing Street to make smaller loss look like a victory #brexit
The #russian #bot factories are really working overtime today supporting #reesmogg #brexit
Actual Radio News - DUP confirm voting against Mays deal - Northern Irelands Democratic Unionist Party confirmed that it will vote against the proposed Brexit withdrawal deal.....
Brexit in a nutshell
‘Do you not agree?’ Says I ‘No’ said the guy pointing to his badges! ‘I’m wearing a brexit badge what do you think?’ I laughed Not sure what’s policy is on brexit as a whole
Irritating Brexit discussion with Jeremy Vine - put me off my dinner.
Perhaps Sky, like most of us, see little point in platforming failed Brexit ministers outlining their castles in the air
Stocks tripped by earnings angst, sterling huddled for Brexit vote ...
That Pot Noodle will be worth a fortune post-Brexit.
Hence the reason it's being voted down there's no agreement in a second Brexit ref no agreement probably for GE even if it goes ahead Jeremy still wants Brexit EU says no more deals so what is the point Mays deal isn't and can't be excepted a no deal ???
Brexit news: Germany TERRIFIED of no-deal with 750,000 jobs at risk | World | News |
So reassuring to hear a BBC correspondent gushing at how exciting today is for politicians and journalists. For me - &amp; I’m sure many others Brexit = uncertainty &amp; dread. For the media it’s business &amp; politicians it’s career progression &amp; sport. Neither acting in national interest
This is important #LabourRebels. Treeza's deal is based on Treeza's red lines. #Corbyn's red lines are different. So we may be able to get a different 'package' ( how it works ). Interesting :) #Brexit #Remain
Here's how we're expecting Nottinghamshire's MPs to vote on the Brexit deal this evening. 4 for, 7 against - but all with very different reasons why.
Traitor looks totally defeated in Parl right now - good. #brexit #DitchTheDeal
Dimon: 'We still don't expect it will be hard [Brexit]' #news
sneaky greedy bastards!!!!
17m brexit voters rule 66m uk humans sound like new hitler brown shirts no freedom
All getting a little lively around London. So what is this Brexit thing?
At least 70 of her Conservative Party have publicly pledged to join opposition Members of Parliament in voting against her agreement The battle now is over not whether #TheresaMay loses, but how badly #BrexitVote
Theresa May’s RAF jet on STANDBY as PM readies quick escape in face of #Brexit vote defeat
Security Minister accuses former head of Mi6 of 'spouting hot air' over criticism of Theresa May's Brexit deal via
Argue against this...go on...
your Tweet was quoted in an article by
Would an alternative EEA (Norway) model work for Financial Services?
"I'm confused... what's happening?" Is literally the second headline on the BBC News website at this moment. #brexit
SNP's amendment to #Brexit Bill is the only one calling for extension of Article 50 to avoid Scotland and the rest of the UK hurtling off a cliff edge and endangering jobs. We must protect our economy and not leave without a deal - not play petty party political games.
You are also my MP and represent me in parliament. Please do not support this deal. If you do, you are not considering the interests of your country or your constituents. Will you be able to explain and justify your decision afterwards? Do we need a #PeoplesVote ?
Her deal is #SoftRemain. If rejected #NoDealBrexit is the ONLY democratic solution If Brexit does not happen Parliament loses its legitimacy and it would be the duty of all British People to overturn Parliament and restore democracy by all means
Sounds like Brexit all over
Geoffrey Cox just equated brexit to getting the bends after deep diving, although I'm not sure he realised. #airlock #BrexitVote
West Midlands Mayor Andy Street urges the Government to help Jaguar Land Rover after Brexit
"We can weather a No Deal Brexit through innovative hamberder exports."
This is the best and most righteous petition ive ever signed, cmon patriots lets see the back of the most treacherous politician ever .Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
Brexit , the easiest deal in history. Good job it wasn't difficult...
Cosmos Magazine: Punters’ instinct? Gamblers predicted Brexit before financial traders
She will. She will try to bypass Parliament again. #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy
Does a similar attention and concern also apply to EU-citizens under #brexit? Here too people are being used and forced because of who they are.
I just hope they cancel Brexit but we'll see about that
Not to mention the drop in the pound pre-brexit. It's taken money straight out of my pocket when transferring money to the Czech Republic. You could see it drop every time Boris opened his mouth. Post brexit will only bring more uncertainty to the pound and drop rates again.
How poignant that my choir is singing folksongs from around the #EU, suggested by our #Brussels-based members originally from #UK,Germany,France,Italy, Bulgaria etc for our concert 30 March. #Brexit is an unharmonious mistake... hoping it's dead by then. #PeoplesVote
May says opponents of Brexit deal risk 'letting British people down'
Jeremy, It’s Not Too Late To Change Your Mind And Offer A Real Alternative To Brexit
I used to think Boris Johnston was the perfect example of somebody using bombast and bluster to conceal the fact that he has no idea what he’s talking about. Watching the Attorney General in the #Brexit debate, Boris needs to up his game.
Quiz: how well have you been following Brexit?
Stocks tripped by earnings angst, sterling huddled for Brexit vote
well he is a tory donor and it may implicate tory mps
via MPs are lining up to say why they won’t be voting for Theresa May’s Brexit deal
Dimon: 'We still don't expect it will be hard [Brexit]'
MPs seize on German minister's suggestion of further Brexit talks
What the actual fuck has that got to do with brexit .....would that be a conversation starter for the whilst on holiday ? God you must be a riot
Theresa May's Brexit plan appears doomed as key Parliamentary vote looms. A lack of consensus in the PM's Conservative Party — and Parliament as a whole — for any one particular type of withdrawal is at the heart of the problem.
The latest The Pat Quirke Daily! Thanks to #ireland #brexit
Michael Gove is warning MPs that a defeat for May’s #Brexit plan would mean “winter is coming”. But he forgets to link to 's book from where he took the expression:
I continue to be struck by the similarities between the Wall Shutdown and Brexit: what happens when people vote for a lie with full knowledge that it’s a lie?
The same "famously pro Brexit MP" whose Somerset Asset Management are putting money into Ireland to avoid the effects of Brexit. In terms of morality he's right up there with Fred West
3 old men discuss Brexit, reminds me of Last of the Summer Wine!
Nice to see he's keeping his hand in as an unmitigated liar.
History is full of examples of those who have turned to the extremes when economic downturn and disillusionment of the established parties has occured. To assume that positive change will be enforced after Brexit is a dangerous assumption.
In the sense that we’re leaving and the EU is the ones who have the power over what our relationship will look like. What would have helped is if we had agreed at some point in the past 3 years what we want our future relationship to look like!
This shows the eu is controlled by Germany one door is closing so they look for another
Brexit: Angela Merkel denies giving any 'assurances' to Theresa May
936 days since the #Brexit referendum. London has haemorrhaged more than $1 BILLION A DAY since then. $1 BILLION. Every. Single. Day. We haven't even left yet. #StopBrexit
. has,live coverage of the #Brexitdebate in the #HouseofCommons via Twitter-- plug in your charger and enjoy!"Parliament to vote on May's Brexit deal"
A no-deal Brexit would have a devastating economic impact for all of Ireland with many firms across the Island simply not being able to cope with a no-deal Brexit #NoDeal Irish business groups warn against 'devastating' consequences of no-deal Brexit
Your 2017 manifesto promised a ‘smooth and orderly brexit’ A failure to reach a deal with the EU leads to turmoil for your constituents &amp; goes against your manifesto, meaning the decision must be put back to the people. We deserve an informed final say #PeoplesVote
Possible Brexit scenario from : UK could “sacrifice Ireland and agree to some end date for the backstop that is supposed to kick in if no agreement is reached can avoid a hard border between Northern Ireland and the Irish Republic.”
Dear Jeremy In the 1980s we fought side by side in the same party. When I returned to Scotland I became convinced that a better route to the social and economic...
Not much of a trot then were you? If you’ve been slavishly pro EU all these years. Labour can’t win an election by opposing Brexit. Show me how you think they do.
Would you bet your entire fortune on it.? That a Clean Brexit would only lead to prosperity. That not one citizen would be worse off only better off Put your money where your mouth is. #BrexitVote
No I think you missed the point, she's on about brexit and being a part of the EU and you're on about Rickets and fucking TB
DUP MPs will vote down Theresa May’s Brexit deal over the Northern Irish backstop, Arlene Foster has said, accusing the PM of failing to even ask Brussels to scrap...
Attorney General for PM! #brexit #meaningfulvote #makebritaingreatagain
Can someone remind me of the recent comment from Mr Bercow regarding his wife and chattels? A step backward in equality when it suits #waspiint #waspi_campaign
Brexit Vote D-Day
GE ... The people's vote...hmmm sound familiar?? Brexit was the people's vote and look how that's going!!! No one is happy unless it's going their way, screw majority seems the attitude of the day. No wonder there no direction with anything.
MPs expected to vote on PM's #Brexit deal between 8pm and 9pm Theresa May expected to lose vote by large margin #Labour MP pulls amendment which would have rejected PM's deal and "no-deal" Brexit Last day of debate on Brexit deal begins around 12.45pm: Timeline of the day
Not just Brexit going on in the Houses of Parliament today. At 4.30pm there’s a debate on Coventry City‘s future - or potential lack of. will be leading the conversation - and I’ll be there for as part of our extensive Westminster coverage today.
GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks tripped by earnings angst, sterling huddled for Brexit vote #news #reuters
MPs seize on German minister's suggestion of further Brexit talks
PARLIAMENT/THE HOUSE OF LORDS: BREXIT.. THERE MUST NOT BE AN EXTENSION OF ARTICLE 50 OR A SECOND REFERENDUM - Sign the Petition! via ..RT RT RT
No, the moment #Brexit leavers broke the law with their campaigns was the moment any legitimacy for any result they secured was lost. We’re a nation of fair play. #Brexit is a con.
Anybody Gues the Name of the BF Ship Featured on BBC News Re Brexit?? :) Jonathan :)
The DOOMSDAY Brexit Preppers! British families stockpile food #FBPE #Brexit #BrexitVote #BrexitDeal via
I've boycotted #Whetherspoons since this idiot came out in favour of #Brexit. I would hope everyone else will do the same. Hit him where it hurts.
Openly lying on about the NHS budget, where new money is coming from, the £350million!!! #Brexit #BrexitDeal
WATCH: German comedy sketch mocks Brexiteers as it compares Brexit to an escape room – The New European
Don’t be fooled: this Brexit deal creates a triple lock to shackle the UK to Brussels forever via
If Brexit were a phone deal
What trust?
Excellent political coverage on Brexit all day today on
Jeremy, It’s Not Too Late To Change Your Mind And Offer A Real Alternative To Brexit
May Delays Brexit Vote Until 30th Of February
This shouldn’t be necessary but hurrah for them anyway.
Dear UK Tonight's vote is not the end, whatever the result. Remember family friends &amp; neighbours are here now. Keep them close. Weak/ ineffective Brexit planning by Government changed the Country. But the people are the Country, &amp; the Country is the people.Come together.
Pound euro exchange rate: GBP rises against EUR as German economy stalls THE pound is trading against the euro at a rate of €1.124, which is slightly up on the opening levels as investors await the result of this evening’s parliamentary Brexit vote…
Attorney General is currently making a meal of sidestepping the straightforward point by . The #Brexit letters do not alter the reality of May's deal. The treaty would stand as is. The letters are nothing but political letters of comfort.
Cheerleaders for Brexit
man I don't know where you take that 5% out of, but having a such large trade deficit, it only means UK import from EU much more than what export to EU. which it doesn't sound promising for an hard brexit look fig.2 and fig.3
Thanks, cobber..!
The only way to secure myself financially for life in the event of May's deal going through is to put a tenner on it happening. #quidsIn #Brexit #BrexitVote #BrexitDebate #BrexitDeal #TheresaMay
So many people discussing brexit as if a choice. Democracy is clearly not perfect, but I for once do not want to see the alternative rise up again. It was decided two years ago
What a silly childish comment, all politicians leaving their post get farewell package, With 3 votes supporting Brexit up till now, just how many votes do remainers want.
Ladies and Gentleman, I give you Betty Boothroyd. The most sense we would have heard throughout this Brexit ordeal.
"Meaningful" vote on Mays deal due sometime after 19:00 today #Brexit #Petition #Petitions #YellowVest #YellowVests #NoDealBrexit #NoDeal #NoDealNoProblem #LeaveMeansLeave
Special case of "Brownian motion" as known as Brexit - the erratic random movement of microscopic particles of turd in a pool of piss, as a result of continuous bombardment from molecules of the surrounding medium. Fan about to close the circuit.
Previously on #Brexit..
Brexit is many different things to many different people, It would be almost impossible to get agreement. I know, let's try to change from within due to the fact we have a huge say in what happens in Europe at the moment. #BrexitShambles
ITALEXIT
1&amp;2. No the people want a second vote and most now want to remain 3. Parliament is sovereign and won't see the most disastrous of outcomes take place. That's clear.
Former Brexit Secretary David Davis to on cabinet plot if Mrs May loses badly: “She could reasonably tell the men in grey suits to bugger off.” 1/
#Brexit vote likely around 8pm this evening after speaker only selects 4 amendments. Looks set to be a 'clean' vote on unamended legislation. I'm still thinking margin of 100+ against deal with a steep fall in $GBP likely
Spot on. Only wish my MP, had the backbone to take the same stance. Her constituency voted overwhelmingly to leave. She promised, on selection, to honour #Brexit. Now seems she'll vote with , which clearly isn't leaving rule from EU.
Lol, new metaphor, Brexit is now being ejected into outer space via airlock (of agreement) says Geoffrey Cox. wow sounds great #MeaningfulVote #BrexitVote
I bet it was a Brexiter.....
We’ve been going for half an hour in the #Brexit debates, numerous interventions and only one woman has been allowed to speak by the Attorney General. Women across the House are trying to get into the debate. What do they have to do to be heard?
Law Society legal news Summary 15 January 2019 Litigants in person &amp; legal aid cuts,Chuka Umunna MP women in the law &amp; Brexit, LSB censures the SRA on transparency of policy,Legal aid review pushed back to 2020,£1bn courts programme under scrutiny &amp; more
Pound US dollar exchange rate: GBP calm against USD ahead of Brexit ‘meaningful vote’ THE pound to US dollar exchange rate began to climb overnight, reaching above the $1.29 mark before slipping again this morning. -» Get access to the latest express …
Pound exchange rate: How will GBP Sterling be impacted by Brexit vote TONIGHT? BREXIT has shaken the pound to its core with Sterling riding on a rollercoaster of uncertainty along with the rest of Britain as Prime Minister Theresa May grapples to push …
How would a hard Brexit Brexit deal ever happen though? Either they'd have to have a hard border with Ireland; in which case there is no way the EU will pass the deal? Or they'll be a border across the English channel; which will NEVER pass the UK parliament?
Insert your own Brexit gag:
I blame Brexit!
Tell her to cancel brexit please mate
i say, agitate for new Govt Lab gets in (fingers crossed) extends Art 50 Renegotiates and concurrently implements Art 50 If in good faith they decide Brexit's too much of a distraction, can it Revoke Art 50 No more refs...
I was so happy listening to her saying out loud, on a reliable news channel (BBC take notes) what most UK citizens following this idiocy that is Brexit, think.
May Delays Brexit Vote Until 30th Of February
PM's spokesman says Theresa May told her Cabinet "the Government is the servant of the people" and that she believes "passionately" that the result of the 2016 referendum must be delivered and will respond "quickly" to the result of tonight's vote on her Brexit deal
Son is Hilary - more astute. More correctly the "old guard" of Labour is Pro-Brexit - but the Labour membership effectively voted 4 Europe at their last conf.- so it is now interesting Corbyn to see that Corbyn said he would be guided by the membership &amp; is now ignoring them.
At least I will be passed out before the vote result
EU will be dead in exactly 1762 hours...
So, here we are - the end of #Brexit season 1, where a 4% divide in a non-binding referendum based on lies, media manipulation and personal gain comes to a head. How's that deal looking, everyone? Good? good. Can't wait for season 2.
These amendments do not change law. I still haven't heard how parliament is going to force the govt to introduce primary legislation to prevent brexit or no deal.
It's not the salary your on you are the top sports presenter on tv,keep your views on brexit when your down the pub with the lads.
My Twitter 7 anniversary today, apparently. Still enjoy it but #Brexit really exposing its flaws and limitations. Notion that a thread, a belief-based expostulation, a link to an article constitute analysis. No.
So - you 100% support a 100% clean Brexit, delivering WTO terms 9 months later than PM Cameron promised?
When we have left the EU, will the mostly right wing crew which insisted we stick with Brexit be called the Hard Left?
Important discussions on what easyJet or Ryanair flights are available to Europe after Brexit vote. How do you work with these DUP people who voted for Brexit when EVERYONE else including the CBI, Farmers and Small Business support more linkage to Europe????
New laws put on ice as Brexit takes over Dáil agenda -
I cannot afford to gamble on how much the £ devalues, I am not a Hedge fund manager, I do not have millions tied up in emerging markets and Mommy and Daddy left me nothing. Why would a no deal Brexit be of benefit to me?
So true
There's an irony here...
“SMEs, in particular, have been thrown into limbo by a lack of consumer confidence – an issue that has been compounded in the latter few months of the year,” writes Dafydd Llewellyn of about #Brexit.
I will add that the SNP could have gone straight for an independence ref but have chosen to try to help to stop brexit - a tory project. I'm sorry you are blind to that
Have you got the Brexit blues? We may just have the remedy in our latest blog…
#WATO EUref, Brexit and divisions in Parliament are symptoms of chronic social and economic problems that afflict the world and will get worse as the existential threats of climate change and fossil deposit depletion bite. It’s rearranging deck chairs on Titanic - so end it now
They'd have bitten her HEAD off!
What about all the EU nationals over here with so called driving licences !!!!!
FTSE 100 price: What is happening to FTSE today ahead of CRUNCH Brexit vote? BRITAIN’S FTSE 100 edged up somewhat today on the hopes Beijing will take measures to sustain a slowing economy but what is happening ahead of crunch Brexit vote? -» Get acce…
WATCH LIVE Final Brexit debate ahead of crucial vote — RT UK News
LETS GO WTO!
IFA president meets UK farm leaders over no-deal Brexit concerns via
More #Brexit job losses. M&amp;S 1,000 jobs, JLR 5,000 jobs, Ford 1,000 and that's only in the last few days. I'm sure that #Brexiteers will make up some lie or other in order to justify this. Only suspension of #A50 followed by a #PeoplsVote can save our economy.
Absolutely right . How dares the government waste our tax money for supporting something so harmful as no deal brexit
It's like a cult leader telling his followers that life on Earth is transitory and a space ship will soon be arriving to take them to a better life. #Brexit #JacobReesMogg
Obviously valuable stuff in fact better then brexit secretive files
Good
’s deal is a bad deal even without the backstop issue. It is still not Brexit and it is still not what we voted for. We reject this deal completely and want to move forward with No Deal which is the only Brexit option on the table.
MYSTERIOUS ANTI-BREXIT "BALLOT-BOXES" RETURN TO PENARTH via
I would also love a no deal brexit. It's what I voted for.
This for needs a serious reality check!! #Dreamer #Brexit
Nice. Not to be confused with Brexicorn. Which is the Brexit unicorn
The wrong kind of unique: Unlike U.S. and European stocks and bonds, U.K. gilts have slumped both in 2018 and since the Brexit vote.
British pound volatile as brexit-vote day arrives. Become a member to profit from economic events. Read more:
Have the BBC no shame to have a serial liar like Alastair Campbell on a discusion program about Brexit, although it is par for the course for remain supporting broadcaster why be surprised.
After the initial vote I muted Brexit and bitcoin, forgot to unmute for a year. I thought was strangely quiet, :)
Will Brexit cause a brain drain? | DW News
A new word in the #brexit lexicon: #airlock
's #IFRSNews discusses the implications of #Brexit for December 2018 year ends, hyper-inflationary economies and IFRS9. Read all about it in this month's edition
is a member of the Magic Circle and he could tell us the wood burning fuel legislation is simply a distraction tack-tick - eg while Nero burns Rome and the U.K. Fiddling to distract Brexit - well done Gove - more clown than magician
Can anyone tell me what benefit Rudd has brought to the Cabinet since she returned?
It occurs to me if Theresa May *really* wanted Brexit under her Deal, she'd just stand up in Parliament &amp; declare that she was taking #NoDealBrexit *off the table* with immediate effect. She doesnt need it for leverage (she already has her Deal &amp; after 29 March its irrelevant)
The vote was sabotaged by the dirty money and the lies. No. If you believe in parliamentary democracy then Parliament must lead. This Parliament was elected nearly a year later and, this may shock you, people may well have changed their minds about #Brexit. Let’s find out?
This brexit shit is boring as fuck. Let’s just up and leave like it our round at the bar.
Revoke Article 50. Replan, discuss with public for 1+ year - lots and lots of citizens of all walks of life in real depth. People's Vote on remain Vs one single approach to Brexit. That way we don't seem to be trying to either split the leave vote or promising a fantasy.
doesn’t know what an airlock is for #Brexit #MeaningfulVote
Something to ponder; while we’re heading into week 4 of a shutdown Trump has boasted he’ll let go on for months; meanwhile, our biggest ally is in complete disarray over Brexit: who stands to benefit most from this - Russia and China.
Nonsense. In what sense has she done that? She's generated a deal which is so soft it's not dicernibly brexit at all. Demonstrably worse than following an EFTA+EEA Norway model for example. May's Brexit is a Remainer's Brexit.
Shocked and disappointed to witness on such an historic day one of our MP’s with her phone out throughout the duration of the attorney general’s remarks. #bbcnews #parliament #ourmpshavefailedus #brexit #AttorneyGeneral #labour #skynews
It took Norway over 20 years to get out of their #backstop when they voted not to join. WOW... We CANNOT hold ourselves back. #WTOBrexit is the future &amp; the way forward. #NoDeal #NoDealBrexit #NoDealNoProblem #Brexit
It gets worse for Corbyn here: 45% of 2017 Labour voters want to simply stop Brexit and remain in the EU, whereas only 9% want to seek a renegotiated deal... Only 2% pick the 'something else' option (such as 'having a general election').
A denial of #Brexit or the acceptance of 's appalling deal is a betrayal of all those that fought to prevent the German totalitarian domination of Europe in the 20th century. The UK parliament MUST say "no" to ceding the nation's sovereignty to a European power.
An end to Brexit and a significant change in government is a requirement to re-grasp our national pride. The same things that are needed to begin to claw back our international respect.
Internal Tory democracy: Theresa May - VOTE FOR ME OR HAVE THE WHIP REMOVED + NO RESELECTION COME THE NEXT ELECTION if &amp; when vote of no confidence happens after Brexit vote. Reports coming in of Tory MPs now prepared to back her -GRAVYTRAIN overrides all.
PolSoc students - are you confused by all the Brexit furore? A good resource here that simplifies the issues and answers the main points of contention. Have a look at the frequently asked questions at the end of the piece:
She's so power crazed she won't resign .
Of course it will be an anticlimax. And it will achieve absolutely nothing! Some MPs will vote against the deal cos it's not brexity enough. Others cos they'd rather have no brexit than no deal, and others cos they want no deal! So everyone is agin it for different reasons!
Im not from Britain but from what I’ve seen of this guy he seems pretty solid. At least on Brexit anyway. Can anyone from Britain speak on this him? Is he based?
all MP that vote against their constituents should be de selected. Let their careers be over with . If you were in the business sector you would be sacked on the spot. This is worse as they are paid by us as tax payers.
Brexit talks could go on if May loses vote, says Germany’s Heiko (Punch)
Government ‘sneaks out’ £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote
you said on #politicslive that experts have said all forms of Brexit will make us poorer than we are now. Can you provide link to these reports please, I'd like to read them.
Yeah Brexit supporters are being patronised. Or as we call it, LIED TO... I do wish you'd address this blatant BS that emerged from your orifice.
Brexit talks could go on if May loses vote, says Germany’s Heiko (Punch)
Business ‘simply could not cope’ with no-deal Brexit … from international clients. Leading business organisations on both sides … in earnest. The business groups believe the proposed … progress. The assurances that business have been crying out … Goo…
Two-thirds of EU workers considering leaving because of Brexit
Public need a strong person to be on their side!
Listening to Commons and #Brexit how out of touch does it sound? #commonpeople not
It is also important to understand the distinction between a bomb being 'diffused' and 'defused'. Different outcomes, similar to 'No Deal' and 'No Brexit'
May has lied to us all along. How can you put someone in charge if brexit negotiations who never wanted to leave in first place? Should have been handled by correct people.
Do we choose May's utterly weak option and maintain the status quo, or do we go for the strong and ambitious option, which means we have to justify our value to the taxpayer? WTO Brexit please.
David Davis outlines next steps should Brexit deal get rejected qua
Theresa May has told the Cabinet she will STAY ON no matter what happens tonight as Brussels admits her deal gives them "almost everything" they want. Read More: #Brexit #BrexitBetrayal
I remainer...:)
The two #tory amendments seem totally pointless and just a waste of time. But why is no one proposing a #StopBrexit now amendment? That is the only sensilble one. Continuing with #Brexit is downright stupidity at this point.
The Brexit vote was the British version of electing Donald Trump and it’s working as well for them as he is for us.
When you see a remainer from across the room and remember those are your core beliefs but u still have to pretend you like Brexit
No deal contingency planning is progressing well, despite attempts by Hammond and Lidington to thwart it and to keep us unprepared and push us towards a soft brexit
ORDERED. As important a document to Brexit as is the Bayeux Tapestry to the Norman Invasion of 1066
and on and on it goes! Just leave, we voted for it, anything else is fraud !
My brexit deal for my vip clients on 2.42 pm. Made massive profits with proof. For vip group just whatsapp +61411206866 #forex #forextrader #forexsignals #forexprofit #forexsignal #forexmoney #forexstrategy #forexgroup #forexmarket #forexmentor #forextraining
Rather quaint to think that in 2015 voters punished the Lib Dems for tuition fees. Wonder how many are regretting that now we have #Brexit from the Tories and inaction from Labour.
Hey google, what will shopping look like post Brexit?
I agree. Only Corbyn openly addresses that point. That’s why I want his Brexit (if indeed there is to be one at all).
British PM Faces Defeat in Historic Brexit Deal Vote
Ruining people's lives since 1834. #Brexit #EU2018AT #RO2019EU
A heartbreaking statistic: "The Office for National Statistics (ONS) estimates one in 20 adults in England feel lonely often or always". We've wasted years on the nonsense that's Brexit when we could have been addressing this (and many other social ills).
bbc are now a gov mouthpiece they were once an outlet for truth honesty and openness long since lost due the the politics of hate that surround the brexit debate.
Speaking on #RawPolitics Show on today's #BrexitVote "N Ireland voted to Remain. If you have no N Irish MPs voting for deal then you are taking N Ireland out whilst they voted Remain &amp; without N Irish MPs voting for it." #Brexit #BrexitDeal
#VoteLeave overspent and the Electoral Commission has referred the issue to the Police. #RevokeA50 and let the police to their job. #Brexit #Referendum
Hardliners should stop threatening betrayal if a new public vote rejected brexit. Let people change their minds. The real importance is to understand why people vent anger at EU rightfully or wrongfully &amp; address real underlying issues, inequality and exclusion #BrexitVote
Why do #Remoaners always mention "not going back to the Empire" and wanting a "people's vote". I've never heard that once from a #brexiteer and can someone explain what part of the 2016 #brexit referendum wasn't a #peoplesvote
"In their mad effort to stop Brexit, [elitest] Jews are overturning precedents that have been in place for generation or even centuries. If their plot succeeds, we can expect an outpouring of nativist rage like nothing Britain has seen in modern times" DMF
Everyone is committed to #Brexit - it's just the terms under which it happens. Sounds like democracy in action to me!
Minford has stated that Brexit would increase GDP by 6.8% &amp; will reduce prices for British consumers. That is the opposite of recession. Also says EU policies are contrary to free market principles, i.e. will cause a recession. Probably not the best source for a remainer to quote
Thank you
Nor is it the will of those too young to vote in 2016 or EU citizens living and paying taxes here. They are people too and Brexit will affect them deeply. It is criminal to make this statement. It is a lie. It is an insult.
#ClwydJobs Clwyd Jobs: Administrator, Deeside: We are looking for Administrators to join a professional, successful company based on the outskirts of Chester. Due to Brexit negotiations, this global company are… For More Jobs &gt;&gt;&gt; Please Go2 Our Page!
Brexit negotiations could be reopened if MPs reject Theresa May's deal, says Germany #FBPE #BrexitVote #BrexitDeal #Brexit
This is what #PopeFrancis, UK's German Saxe-Coburg &amp; Gotha monarchy &amp; Germany sees/fears when the majority (52%) of #UK citizens voted for #Brexit, to leave the #EU. The UK leading D-Day offensive to liberate #Europe, once again, from Vatican Germany piecemeal #WWIII occupation.
Stand up to Trump abt shut down. Look@ polls. Rs blamed w/Trump but he's one who threatened months maybe a year. U need to save party from impulsive POTUS. There must be a large group of Rs who see writing on wall. Brexit failing. Trump similar. Get to him so he knows. Please
Stocks tripped by earnings angst, sterling huddled for Brexit vote: Spluttering noises from Germany and an earnings miss from banking giant JP Morgan dragged back stocks on Tuesday, while Britain's pound hovered near a two-month high ahead of a crucial…
Brexit is leading towards a slow death by suicide.
agreed but leaving without a deal is more like what we voted for then the watered down theresa may brexit
Geoffrey Cox, Shakespeare Orator of the Tories, full of Dramatic rhetoric &amp; imagery metaphors, saying absolute poppycock! Topped with illusion of grandeur with O knowledge or foresight of the chaos about to fall upon UK with Brexit! WHAT brand new World? JC4PM
"If there's more democracy, it will destroy democracy!!" #MeaningfulVote #r4today #newsnight
brexit breakfast same thing or not
Have to love this!
Just seen a post on Facebook saying that we should “pray to God about Brexit”. Christian folk... I believe Jesus walked on water, healed people and rose from the dead... but turning politicians into decent and honest people? Sorry, you’re on ya own on that one! #BrexitVote
What are key reminders for your year end financials? What are regulators focused on? What is the impact of #Brexit? Find out with 's #IFRS experts Tony Debell and Sandra Thompson in our latest #PwCIFRSTalks podcast. 20 minutes. Twice a month.
Nobody sensible is suggestion brexit will help the poor but getting rid of the tories is the priority. Labour cannot dismiss brexit and win a GE but they can try and deliver the brexit promised in 2016 which is probably impossible then they'd have no choice but to withdraw A50
EU confirms no UK MEPs means default Brexit 2 July latest. New ref ruled out by timescale via
#Brexit must see the #UK truly leave the EU &amp; all its institutions to become like other non EU nations. Nations like Brazil, USA, Australia, South Korea, India etc located all around the globe manage great outside of the EU. The UK must do the same &amp; break our #EU ties!
Mainly because Brexit is just the start. It is part of a worldwide battle against European social democracy. Trump/Putin &amp; their gang want the EU broken up so that they &amp; big corporations can pick off the resulting isolated nations one by one.
#Germany must help Europe's response to #Brexit "warning" - FinMin
if you going to have a decent prog as of now re Brexit, can we have some decent speakers please, as one has to listen to them!! Err, err and you know, you know are effing annoying#youknowwhatimeanpal
Cheerleaders for Brexit
Your suggestion is basically to hand the Brexit process to the opposition. If she moves to a softer Brexit, even more Tories will oppose it, with only a few dozen supporting. How can she continue as Tory Ldr or PM, if her Brexit policy is designed by Lab,SNP,LD and Greens.
: : #lbc #brexit #EU #Europe #gmb #goodmorningbritain #london #poland #polish Mogg james obv lied about inviting you. But i bet he wont invite you to chat again for a while.
Here's how we're expecting Nottinghamshire's MPs to vote on the Brexit deal this evening. 4 for, 7 against - but all with very different reasons why.
And then...voting for Brexit (next time around).
Labour MP tells that most MPs want to stop #Brexit. But he says “not all are stupid enough” to go against their Leave-supporting constituencies - sitting next to Kate Hoey who goes against her Remain-supporting constituency......
Disenfranchising any section of society leaves them vulnerable to abuse by those who do have a vote. I discussed BREXIT with my adult children and grandchildren. We came to a consensus of opinion and all voted accordingly - with their futures in mind.
Yeah but people didn't realise and were never told brexit would be economical suicide.
Stocks tripped by earnings angst, sterling huddled for Brexit vote -
Anyone else wondering what a back stop actually is? I just think of it as the role I always had to have if I tried to play cricket with the boys at school #brexit #PoliticsLive
Londonders welcome all people. It's our history and Will remain our future. It's what's made London one of humanity's great cities. Bring yourself and your idea's.
Ahead of today's parliamentary vote on Prime Minister Theresa May's Brexit deal, it's time to go back to basics -- here's everything you need to know about the divorce between the EU and the UK:
Brexit will never happen and neither will Scottish independence. Have a lovely day.
I'm kind of wondering if Theresa has actually gone a bit mad with her seemingly stubborn refusal to abandon Brexit negotiations should the vote go against her. Can somebody inform her it's very difficult to push water uphill. #Brexit #BrexitVote #PeoplesVote
Brexit means no deal
If it's #Brexit with no deal et al should lift the drawbridge immediately cutting off all trade with Britain letting &amp; deal with a collapsed economy &amp; society. The people will then turn on the Tories. #NoBrexit
Still seeking divine inspiration (and perhaps intervention on this #brexit day). . . . #transcendentgender #angel #drawing #sketchbook #divine #transgender #mixedmedia #markers #ink #whitegelpen #instaart #illustrationartists #instadraw #therewise …
Firstly it is not handing back control, it is pooling sovereignty for our mutual benefit. Secondly accusing those who disagree with you as being traitors or saboteurs as many in the Brexit supporting press have done is declaring war with ~50% of the population.
So far to responses just talking about how useless Brexit is. TOTALLY ignoring the video response I posted!
This says it all really. Isn’t it time MP’s actually got back to work &amp; focused on #NHS #KnifeCrime #Education etc?
Good question. No, I think he understands the importance of the current trade arrangement although I try to avoid Brexit chat now! His position was (as a Windrush-gen immigrant) the Brits are never going to trust political alignment with Germans/French so leave.
"Parliament to vote on May's Brexit deal" I'm actually watching people who wanted to end free movement use EU citizens as bargaining pawns.
This is the only the end of the beginning of our Brexit civil war | Polly Toynbee
It's when gets defeated tonight #LeaveMeansLeave #Brexit
Talking to Danish TV about you guessed it . . . . . Brexit
Requirements for all UK citizens driving abroad from 29 March 2019 #lbc #fbpe #libdems #conservatives #labour #plaidcymru #snp #ukip #abtv #waton #stupidbrexiteers #itvnews #bbcnews #c4news #5news #skynews #PoliticsLive #PeoplesVote #BrexitVote #StopBrexit
BBC News - Brexit: Theresa May faces 'meaningful vote' on her deal Meaningless vote! Meaningless outcome! Meaningless negotiations! Meaningless civil war U.K.! Meaningless future! Meaningless economic hardships &amp; sufferings of sectors, the poor &amp; needy
This is #Nottheonion attn:
Jacog Rees-Mogg's latest tweet about Brexit has riled people up
The No-deal Brexit Shock and Fintech, who is the winner? #daily #winner #fintech
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
Brexit remains the biggest challenge for businesses in 2019 #brexit #economy #croydon #accountants
makes dramatic claim of a 'plot by the deep state to kill Brexit' But it was Ok to treat public like idiots in 2016 &amp; feed us a catalogue of lies, falsehoods &amp; fear? #NotFitToGovern #BorisJohnsonResign
Because she is obsessed with Immigration. Many old people are. It blinkers everything she does. And she will be a stubborn one with it. She won't step down, she'll have to be dragged down. #Brexit #Remain
I assume th original post was intended to persuade folk of the merits of a 2nd vote. My feedback points out how this particular clip has the reverse effect. There's little point in a campaign speaking only to the already-persuaded. My storage habits hav no bearing on that #brexit
… Michael Gove is warning MPs that a defeat for May’s #Brexit plan would mean “winter is coming”. But he forgets to link to Gary 's book from where he took the expression. So I will do this for him:
A reminder on how British public was deceived: British fishing answers to Westminster not EU. It’s the UK government that gave big corporates large fishing quotas in British waters and wiped out small companies, not the EU.
brexit 66m humans 49m voters most where stopped by ex tory pm so 17m rule 66m crazy
Better off out of the EU dictators
Potters Bar MP reveals his Brexit deal voting intention
I don't wish to bring politics to this page nor bring more chaos to the shitshow, but I really wish Brexit and Trump would just fuck the fuck off
: this deal doesn't give anyone what they voted for. Please vote it down this evening. The deal we have today (EU membership) is infinitely preferable whilst we sort out what to do next. Thanks!
After Brexit vote: No 10 plans for cross-party talks on plan B options - Perhaps now some adults can join the conversation.
#Brexit - who even gives a shit anymore. #Labour #GeneralElectionNow #Conservativesout #MayResign #MayOutNow
She can... 'Deal' Students will be able to continue to participate in Erasmus+ placements post-exit until Dec 2020 ‘No deal’ the government will underwrite guarantee's of placements already submitted.
Now is the hour of brexit as we watch cowards or brave englishmen Westminister decide to our fate after we the people instructed them as to the way we british people shall move forward Proud and Unbreakable Nations under God
I agree - but conversely I don’t know what deal (or form of brexit) would be acceptable to enough leavers to maintain the majority they got in 2016
According to the Attorney General, May's #Brexit deal is an #airlock. We better bring a spare hose and a hammer then just in case! What a load of nonsense and spin. #BrexitVote
She won't lose a vote of confidence, but she won't win the brexit vote. It's not even close
This air lock metaphor is infuriating to listen to. It's ridiculous and poorly thought out- just like the Brexit policy.
MOST OF US HAVE NOT LOST CONTROL. WE CAN TAKE OUR TALENTS INTO EUROPE AND CAN BRING THEIR TALENTS HERE, NOT TO MENTION WE GET 50% OF ALL EU GRANTS. I AM WAITING TO RETIRE IN THE SUN AND I WILL NOT BE RAPED OF MY RIGHTS BY SOME MALE CHAUVINIST. DUEL?
BBCNEWS 5:26am BREXIT DEAL VOTE '. Meaningful vote expected avound 8pm this evening; I ' . BREXIT DEAL VOTE '. Meaningful vote...
I am a hard working, struggling single mum &amp; my daughters education &amp; future is my priority. Recently I have taken a great interest in politics. I can’t respect Theresa May. She appears determined to prevent Brexit at the cost of this county. I admire Jacob Rees Mogg. Ideal PM!!
It’s particularly galling when news of another ‘compassionate’ cut to pensions was released, last night by the DWP, and promptly buried behind all of the Brexit coverage.
May's "This Deal or No Brexit" is such a win win
Fits with my prediction:
Two-thirds (66%) of Prospect's EU membership have considered leaving the UK as a result of Brexit, according to membership research.
Sammy owns up.
We’re in Westminster today to bring you the latest in the lead up to the UK’s crucial vote on the Brexit deal. Follow the latest news in our Liveblog and from our reporter in London.
New article from skwawkbox on RedZine: EU confirms no UK MEPs means default Brexit 2 July latest. New ref ruled out by timescale - #socialist #news #labour
He said we can trust Australia. I am sure Australian agriculture Manufacturers Alliance are nice people. They just won't sell bad products. Employing a burglar to fix the door lock eh. #Brexit is just horse sh*t...Or meat.
But what’s the next step ? won’t resign as it’s her remit to screw Brexit Corbyn wants power &amp; wont commit to Brexit despite being anti EU his party isn’t but DUP won’t back him
TransferWise Caps Trades to 10,000 Pounds Before UK Brexit Vote
May deal is #SoftRemain. If rejected #NoDealBrexit is the ONLY democratic solution If Brexit does not happen Parliament loses its legitimacy and it would be the duty of all British People to overturn Parliament and restore democracy by all means
this is what the left is english, im not so sure lol
The EU still want us, half the country still wants to be in, even the most hardened leave supporters must realise this is a massive mistake. Its been over 2 years since the vote and nothing is sorted and we leave at the end of March. The UK and EU is stronger together #Brexit
Brexit is based entirely on lies.
Did you miss the convoy of trucks episode while you were away? It was some sort of attempt to show readiness, or perhaps chaos...
Brexit enthusiasts are literally attempting a Denial of Service attack on the British parliament
If only !
"Despite Brexit", surely?
Also people who shop exclusively in the frozen meal section voted brexit.
The government know that if Brexit doesn't happen they will probably be held accountable for the illegal things they have done in its name, the money thrown away &amp; the general chaos. If it does, they can refuse to tell us those things, because we will lose our rights.
After Brexit vote: No 10 plans for cross-party talks on plan B options
can anyone tell me what time the brexit shitstorm starts later? i know vote is some time between 7-8pm but anything else before that?
Cardiff SU have been writing letters to MPs following a vote of our Student Senate asking us to lobby for a People's Vote on the proposed Brexit deal. If you want to write to your MP, here's the link-&gt; Students, you can write to your home and Uni MP.
Anyone that is struggling in life day to day know its far more important to get rid of the Tories than a stance on Brexit You obviously don't struggle to feed yourself
I liked a video Brexit 2: May &amp; Trump vs Truth, with Stephen Fry
Spot on as ever
Possibly the most significant, humanising video about #brexit ( ) #euandme #eunited #bremain
Our fans have a horrible need to create and exaggerate any issue. Right now is Trent’s injury and Clyne leaving. Last week it was CB, before that it was the Brexit midfield (horrific term), not signing anyone in whatever position they choose and on and fucking on. It’s endless.
Schiff: Brits Deal With Brexit Uncertainty By Hoarding Gold #preppers #shtf #gold
New party, Brexit Alliance Party, you are in a party full of lying treacherous self serving swines and if you are one of us you should shun the lot of them.
‘I don’t trust the government to look after me or my dog’: meet the Brexit stockpilers
How, or more to the point, why isn't Geoffrey Cox Prime Minister? #Brexit #BrexitVote #EU
Tories are revolting: Theresa May prepares for a drubbing on #BREXIT vote. via . And offers a live update page covering UK vote on #EU withdrawal agreement.
Im not from Britain but from what I’ve seen of this guy he seems pretty solid. At least on Brexit anyway. Can anyone from Britain speak on him? Is he based?
What the Leave campaign are saying about hard Brexit and relying on the so-called WTO rules Not a good idea then and may well cause massive civil unrest. If we really are heading for that, might well be advisable to leave - the UK.
May deal fails, May quits, Boris PM, hard Brexit, £ tanks, UK sold to JRM for $1, Queen fired and sent to Tower, JRM King...........darkness
Member of the EP’s #Brexit Steering Group MEP tells : “We know what they don’t want, but the thing is we need to know what they want...I don’t believe that there’s a rabbit in the hat because the legal constraints set by the GFA cannot be removed”
The backstop doesn't affect the GFA. It's all academic anyway. There'll be a border poll because of Brexit, we're ready.
Utter rubbish it leaves us as a vassal state unable to agree FTA's with the rest of the world and a under the ECJ #Brexit Should be #WTOBrexit
i’m sick of this brexit shit i’m moving to canada
The Brexit battle of expectation management has already started.
But us Brits have never fully accepted that there is anything other than good old brilliant Blighty! It’s alright for you educated types, what about us Sun and Mail readers, it’s all in the knee jerk you know! Tory=Brexit. Just get rid
“The EU doesn’t represent democracy, it represents bureaucracy.” on show; and if it punishes us for leaving then it proves it’s a ‘mafia-style’ organisation that we’d be well shot of. #Brexit
The latest Brechtel's Daily! Thanks to #brexit #netzlese
Forget Brexit, climate armageddon, rising fascism.. a far more significant issue troubles me. According to twitter analytics it seems that the top interest of my followers is dogs. Not education (69%), not politics (84%) not science (95%) but dogs (97%). Just who are you weirdos?
No-one intends to install a hard border....no-one. This ***is*** no "Irish Border issue" It's a load of old remainer-concocted nonsense to stop Brexit
This is quite a significant issue. There simply aren't enough days to do a second referendum now.
the Attorney General is a buffoon
I had bookmarked this but forgotten it. JRM what a liar.
Not the right wing unionist fu*ks I know.
As a UK Nationwide Company there are very few things that will change for us after BREXIT, not even a loo roll logjam. If you find yourself affected by this, our #washroomservices also supply you with such products. #cleaningservice #Brexit #cleaning
Property firm Watkin Jones to stockpile materials ahead of Brexit - Evening Standard
Time of Brexit vote tonight - as MPs prepare to vote on Theresa May's deal
Savills sees property sales falling on Brexit uncertainty - Belfast Telegraph
Brexit has exposed just how corrupt MP’s are.With talks of coups against Brexit &amp; a 2nd ref it’s clear remainer MP’s are EU puppets who hate UK democracy &amp; think their own opinion is more important than voters. Sack all the MP's opposing Brexit &amp; democracy
Finish them Ash!
Superb as always!
in Commons saying we owe it to Brits living overseas to take May's terrible #Brexit agreement. How about we actually give them a say in a #PeoplesVote because your party wouldn't give them a vote in the EU referendum.
Brexit vote; Bank earnings; China stimulus
He said that when he ran for the leadership and he was rejected overwhelmingly. Shows how out of touch he is. Maybe he should go sell ice-creams. #NotJamesMills
Its been suggested has "dropped the ball" on Brexit. I disagree. She accidentally brought a melon to the park and dropped that. Now we're expected to play footy with a smashed melon. That or no ball or just don't play at all. #BrexitVote
A good time to re-visit Patrick Kielty. #Brexit #IrishBorded
Brexit LIVE 1:11pm John Bercow has selected the following amendments The Labour amendment to rule out no-deal Brexit The SNP amendment calling on the Government to seek an extension to Article 50 Of course, the Speaker is impartial! via
They don’t have to oppose Brexit. Parliament have to say ‘we’re at an impasse, there’s no majority in the house for remain, May’s deal or no deal. Pause/stop article 50 and Put it back to the people’
West Midlands MPs plan Commons vote to rule out 'no-deal' Brexit via #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote #RevokeA50
Hard not to think that had the #EU agreed to take citizens out of the #Brexit negotiation, you wouldn't be here having your virtue signalling amplified by anti democratic specimens like Wollaston. Oh well.
I’m beginning to think Brexit is a little like abortion or veganism. Fundamental differences in opinion about the basic core premise leave very little common ground to anchor a productive dialogue. 1/3
Love this!!!
Always very sound arguments. Dominic for PM.
A very handy guide, from a top lad
lol you do know that the brexiteers are some of the most right wing politicians we have who have absolutely no intention of using #Brexit to improve lives, this is the biggest #brexit lie
Morning Brief: 5 possible outcomes if Brexit deal is rejected today via
Theresa May accused of copying Donald Trump in desperate attempt to win Commons Brexit vote
BREXIT PARLIAMENT LIVE: FINAL DEBATE AND MEANINGFUL VOTE ON MAY'S EU WITHDRAWAL BILL #PARLIAMENTLIVE #COMMONSLIVE
looks like one of your best
Government ‘sneaks out’ £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote - The Independent
Working class here. I demand a no deal brexit. Happy now?
Who is on the right of the brexit charity single?
For those that dont want Brexit. Let them migrate to france.
There should be a Twitter ban on just repeating the same old shit about politics or brexit you've said a thousand times before. Original opinions only.
Opinion: Hard truths about #Brexit and a second referendum
I believe what he was trying to say is we cannot know for certain the outcome of Brexit. However his examples are hilariously bad. Appeasement emboldened a dictator, and history has condemned Chamberlain, while Suez ended Britain’s position as a great power...
Is Brexit for white people?
No Murrison figleaf then (it's a fantasy, but it might have saved blushes). So it's Withdrawal put back to July (and then some). General Election on April 4th - which May wins because she's promising a new ref in June. May wins, so in power until 2024, but Brexit is killed.
why not have a 3rd and a 4th-hell-let us have a penalty shoot out-David De Gea in goal?
#Brexit every democratic country gets the Government it deserves. #stabiility #uncertainty
admin RT Davies.
: : #lbc #brexit #EU #Europe #gmb #goodmorningbritain #london #poland #polish Ring the fire service James just got burnt lol
Quite, but I still wouldn't discount it! The ERG mob could conceivably calculate that an election serves their agenda, I can't see them giving up on their dream so easily! What other option have they got, when remain or a soft brexit are looking more likely?
Today is gonna be a historic day.
Furious Brexit bust-ups break out outside Parliament ahead of tomorrow's vote
Best guess so far (but still could be anything):
Which even Jeremy Hunt, among others, has suggested won’t pass through parliament? So, I will reiterate the point again, Brexit in its current form cannot be implemented.
Brexit amendments: How are MPs trying to shape the vote on the PM's deal? #FBPE #Brexit #BrexitVote #BrexitDeal
Brexit (Meaningful vote, 15 jan 2019): where winter gardens grow red roses in pure white snow (in the evening) today...
Translation: No Brexit is a political outcome from which the Tory Party might not survive.
Government sneaks out benefit cut announcement on day before Brexit vote via
admirable words, but stopping brexit de facto means no material change in circumstance, and therefore no reason for 2nd indyref.
Who the Hell cares?
Brexit's high noon has arrived and it spells danger for currency traders
Think the Attorney General just got it right, we so enmeshed, entwined with the EU is like we part of a living organ, thus necessary to take our time pulling things apart in exiting. Is perfectly reasonable and sensible. Some Brexiters can't wait like kids on Xmas night #Brexit
Why did you move so many resources to Dublin, Jacob? What financial interests to you have in a no deal brexit? Until these questions are answered, I think you should pipe down.
WATCH LIVE Final Brexit debate ahead of crucial vote — RT UK News
Disgusting behaviour enabled by internet ‘anonymity’, lies from the press, ‘campaigners’ and politicians alike; lies which continue to this day despite evidence to the contrary.
Brexit might overshadow earnings as the biggest risk to markets Tuesday -
It is a poor deal and shld not be approved. What is your alternative? No deal would be catastrophic economically &amp; socially it wld be dereliction of your duty to support that. I hope you will put it to the ppl to decide whr they still wish to go ahead with Brexit on known facts
Theresa May, cipher.
Brexit WARNING Her Majesty’s Armed Services In Jeopardy MILITARY UNIFICATION MILITARY UNION
The latest The DarkestAngel Daily! Thanks to #brexit #otd
#Brexit with #NoDeal #NoProblem
The echo chamber that is Parliament has me in stitches. Why do the news channels obsess about the Parly Green views of the professionals whose glaring inadequacies put us in this mess in the first place? 'Well, Laura, I'd screw up the UK this particular way...' #Brexit
Brexit: the most important meal of the day.
BECAUSE NO BREXIT HAS EVER BEEN AGREED ARRRGH
i know, the whole issue is avoidable
I liked a video LIVE – final day of Commons debate on the Brexit deal ahead of the vote on the EU
A no deal Brexit is a much bigger gamble now than it was 30 years ago when we joined. Buckle up my friend, this is about to get bumpy.
Time to kill while awaiting tonight's meaningful vote? Try 's bumper Brexit quiz..
#Brexit debate and the Attorney General introducing Airlocks and Bridges as metaphors for the EU Withdraw Agreement. Both of these can be exited in both directions. Promise us a #PeoplesVote
A lawmaker has postponed giving birth in order to vote on Britain's divorce deal with the EU: Report
Chuck Explains The Fed's Great Balance Sheet Unwind By #Fed #Brexit #DollarIndex #Oil
I still don't understand this. 52% voted Remain. That was the decision of his constituents.
When did we vote to leave the UK?
No what would have happened is that UKIP would have continued to pick up votes and eventually reached the threshold where they would pick up a lot of seats, if not enough for overall power, then certainly enough to hold the balance of power. Brexit was inevitable
Ibec/CBI Northern Ireland warn against ‘no deal’ Brexit
Had a long discussion last night with some Labour party members including a former MP. We had all come to the same conclusion. Brexit in some form had to occur and the People's Vote was a recipe for chaos. The yellow vests example shows how easy it is paralyse govt.
Actually chihuahuas with good imaginations ?
The debate around Britain's withdrawal from the EU has been long, repetitive, emotional and sometimes vicious. Here's a photographic journey through Brexit.
Judgment day for #brexit withdrawal agreement as MPs vote tonight. What happens next? Join us for the latest #historic day
Really couldn’t care what you wanted. You and people like you are not going to get it. The UK is not to be destroyed by brexit ignorance.
Brexit negotiations could be reopened if MPs reject Theresa May's deal, says Germany
Procurando Minha Galera.: British PM faces defeat in historic Brexit deal vo...
More Links: Bill Mitchell Must be Brexit – UK GDP growth now outstrips major EU economies The Local: ‘They tell nothing but lies’: France’s ‘yellow vests’ reveal their hatred of the media
EU project hits buffers #brexit
Rosslare's Brexit emergency plan could take five years
Brexit means Brexit! No Irish!
I have signed Labour’s important amendment today. We will not be voting for a deal that increases barriers to trade in goods and services and threatens workers’ rights, environmental standards and our security #MeaningfulVote #BrexitVote #Brexit
*brexit
Remember the Koch Brothers father worked for Stalin in the 1930 &amp; brought his philosophy back to US &amp; turned it into Libertarianism. / Brexit which is about to go down was Putin’s idea too.
"Brexit is simply a device to create market volatility so that hedge funds have a huge opportunity to make billi..."
Today’s vote in the is one of the most important decisions Parliament will ever make. has secured the best possible #Brexit deal, one that protects jobs, security and the integrity of the UK. So let’s end the division and #BacktheBrexitDeal.
JPMORGAN CEO JAMIE DIMON ON BREXIT: 'WE STILL DON'T BELIEVE IT WILL BE HARD'
Anti Brexit, no confidence vote and a call for GE is tantamount to a toddler throwing a tantrum because mommy said NO!
The worst thing about Brexit is that means I have to work outside in the cold. That and all the other actual stuff.
The #Chesterfield electorate vote on #Brexit was 60%. We voted to leave the #EU not ‘half leave’.
For the sake of working people, the left must back remain | Aditya Chakrabortty
Theresa May vows to fight on for Brexit deal
How many of the 36% understand what's in the Lisbon Treaty? Many would change their minds if they did. No more UK by 2022 for one thing. and
...while history has also condemned the PM. As a result of his own logic, Brexit will end the United Kingodom, and history will more likely than not, condemn the Government. Interestingly, both examples were the result of a Conservative Government.
Government sneaks out benefit cut announcement on day before Brexit vote
This is brilliant.
#BREXIT would be fascinating if it wasn't, you know, real.
Walthamstow- will do first Brexit update today for you at 1.30pm on my facebook profile page. Please join me there to find out the latest on today's proceedings in parliament! #brexithaos
He has no idea. The #TrumpShutdown in coordination with #Brexit are meant to destabilize the global economy so every country can compete with Venezuela for worst living standards.
Since #brexit the eu treated you like shit! Leaving them is a matter of National Pride imo. The eu acts like a dictator when a country wants to leave and uses you as an example!
The UK now has the largest and strongest pro-European movement of any EU country. The EU27 must do more to support UK #Remainers and prevent the injustice of #Brexit.
'no matter the size of tonight's defeat'
Brexit....... in 20 years time, some poor students will have to study this shambles for their history GCSE's and A levels!
Bullshit! May's capitulation is not what I voted for and not what the country needs. Out means Out with a clean and open BREXIT
'Can Theresa May survive as PM if she is defeated tonight?' asks . Tory MP says she is "time limited severely" if she doesn't shift her position towards a "cleaner Brexit". Follow live updates ahead of the #Brexitvote:
Brexit debate LIVE
No it isn't. Sorry. I think Brexit is a massive load of shit and people pushing 'no deal' are psychos. I've never said otherwise.
That's fair. I think one of the reasons for the Trump Brexit, traditionalist nationalism asserting itself, is because its no longer obviously favoured by corporate capitalist entities. Who've recognised that being obviously racist isn't great for business.
What a Wally. #brexit
Why is Meghan's baby called Brexit, and will Corbyn be on standby to deliver it when she decides to go to labour?
Ha, Ha, Ha, #spode here is all upset, he doesn’t respect the law (well that obvious as he’s a convicted fraudster) Now he wants to over turn parliamentary democracy (what happened to taking back control) because it doesn’t suit him. I guess the wee Pratt is new to this. :)
and we all know that Brexit means Brexit whatever it was you wanted like ending austerity and getting Cameron and Osborne out of office!
Attorney General makes last-ditch appeal for votes for PM's Brexit plan #BrexitVote
Vote Leave finished on June 23rd 2016. Irrelevant what their position is now. #brexit
Best interview with a misguided uninformed person on the issue of #Brexit by except for the fact JRMoggy knows exactly that he's ripping the UK off for the benefit of certain extremely rich 'persons'. 'The hedge funds circling'.
need to read this. To be able to properly negotiate you must be prepared to walk away! Cameron put forward a negotiated deal people weren’t happy with so we voted to walk away. The same must happen now or Brussels has us over a barrel!
Sex doesn’t sell any more, activism does, from poorly executed 2 's attemptin 2 tap in2 a need 2 "right 2day's wrongs" of Brexit &amp; Trump. So, if a brand allows me 2 continue living as I was &amp; fuel my social conscience can they have all my pocket money?
Brexit T-shirts: artist Jeremy Deller sums up in two words what millions are thinking
Convinced Andy Murray’s injury is Brexit related. And my sore throat. It must be.
Government ‘sneaks out’ £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote
For all the plotting by remainers against Brexit they have still not solved the fundamental problems with the EU. The EU is still undemocratic, still threatens sovereignty, is still corrupt &amp; unaccountable &amp; still cripples the UK economy. Remainers have no solutions only sabotage
Labour trying to hold together its Leavers and Remainers by adopting a fantasy position: “we’re pro-Brexit, provided that impossible conditions are satisfied.” Sadly, at present both main parties are unfit to govern.
I don't know what's going on with Brexit. Time to tune my radio to the British Broadcasting Channel News Station so I can get my fill of Brexit news and views.
The best quote I have heard about those still backing Brexit, "The only people still supporting it are the tiny minority who will make money and those unable to understand it"
THREAD: The Commons Speaker, John Bercow, has just selected four amendments to May's Brexit deal, which MPs will debate today. Here's the amendments explained...
UK parliament holds final discussions on PM May’s Brexit deal ahead of key vote
#Brexit Reading twitter today I’m really scared to make a comment. So many people who really know nothing about our Troubles in NI weighing in to lambast people
I have said that since Chequers when it was clear what Theresa May's tactic was - play a long game to frustrate Brexit before finally trying to thwart it altogether. She is the most duplicitous politician of our times. She cannot be trusted. At all. She has to go. #DitchTheDeal
This thread should be preserved for posterity in the Commons Library so historians have a permanent record of precisely how the UK was lied to and hoodwinked over the EU referendum in 2016
ICYMI in the Brexit hubbub: A review of GP Partnership model has made recommendations to ensure GPs still want to become partners. Tackling unsustainable increases in the volume and intensity of GP workloads will be critical, says 's :
"After prioritising a #GeneralElectionNow, all "options" remain on the table including a 2nd Ref." Your article below , won't change what was already agreed at conference.
My brexit deal for my vip clients on 2.42 pm. Made massive profits with proof. For vip group just whatsapp +61411206866 #forex #USDJPY #bist #AUDCAD #AUDJPY #sp500 #CADJPY #AUDUSD #EURCAD #EURJPY #EURGBP #EURUSD #GBPAUD #DXY #NZDUSD #USDCAD #USDCHF #USDJPY #BTC #DAX
Obviously using hyperbole and the absurd to illustrate a valid point. It is vital that Brexit is delivered. Nothing else matters half as much.
People’s vote No Brexit No deal GE Or Referendum Now that the masses have been brainwashed into thinking leaving is bad
BREXIT IS AN IMPORTANT EVENT, CREATED BY LEADERS AND PEOPLE, WHICH FOLLOWED WITHOUT TO UNDERSTAND A DIVINE PROJECT. WE WILL DISCOVER AFTER YEARS THE REAL MEANING AND PURPOSE OF BREXIT.
5 things to know for January 15: Russia probe, Brexit, Jayme Closs, shutdown, opioids — CNN
I hope there is enough mulled wine for the evening program to Brexit decision #brexit #london #schwadenser @ London, United Kingdom
if you are the servant of the people, serve the people!! We do not want YOUR deal... NOBODY voted for what you’re proposing!! Have the servants taken the people hostage??!?! #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote #EU
That’s a pointless amendment parliament can’t set a date on the backstop without EU agreement #brexit
The average man/woman on the street who blindly voted for #brexit should be forced to read and understand this article, especially those who have been interviewed mumbling “They just need to get on with It” Ah, the bliss of ignorance... via
ICYMI: UK Medicines &amp; Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency published guidelines for the situation of a no-deal No Deal Brexit: #medicaldevice #TheMoreYouKnow
Not quite. The Lawson boom (followed by bust) was arguably self inflicted. However, Brexit will be far deeper and the effects will be felt for many years to come.
Business ‘simply could not cope’ with no-deal Brexit via
Not sure about the country but I have reached peak brexit. House of commons on the TV is all I have planned. If my friends disowned me now I couldn't blame them. #Brexit
No it doesn't. That's rubbish. The WTO tariffs are the MAXIMUM that can be charged. If the UK government wanted they could charge zero duties on everything we import. Read and Learn
The British people first . They voted Brexit leave means leave fully
A big part of me really wishes I was there We’re always living through history, but the Brexit process has been the first time in my lifetime that I’ve really been struck by the idea that what we’re experiencing is a Big Deal™
Speaker not selecting Murrison amendment potentially tears up PM's ticket to Brussels because it would have given her a very specific bargaining position.
I wrote to in December and haven’t had a reply. #NoDeal #Brexit will mean food and medicine shortages. And that is the default option, if the minority gov don’t get a move on. Devastating!
I see Jeremians saying Brexit is a Tory mess. I also see Jeremians claiming to stand against the far right. And yet Brexit, which is clearly an agenda of the far right, is being propped up by The Jeremy, and He's being supported in doing so by His apolstles.
Well that's okay then
BREXIT WRECKING! Theresa May’s deal dealt fresh blow as Bercow blocks key amendments
‘How Theresa May’s Brexit deal was killed off by her own incompetence’ There’s a common misconception that a bad deal was inevitable. But a better leader willing to bridge the 2 sides of the ref could have avoided the prime minister’s catalogue of errors
JRM kicking his arse I’m sure
It has to be said, this is a genuinely impressive speech from the Attorney General - whether or not your agree/disagree - it's truly one for law nerds out there. #Brexit
Pretty please
The #Brexit agreement is facing likely defeat — on a day that could bring a very British mix of high drama, low insults and convoluted parliamentary procedure.
This Brexit mess. Wow, just wow
Perhaps after Brexit we can introduce it as a trial in London to see if it has any effect on reducing knife crime. I wish the U.K. was more like Singapore - lower crime, higher average GDP, lower taxes, higher productivity, longer life expectancy and much more public housing.
Obscure pro-Brexit group spends tens of thousands on #Facebook ads
So why can't voters have another look at the decision they made in June 2016?
Brexit: Vote to take place in parliament as Britain's future hangs in balance
Stocks tripped by earnings angst, sterling huddled for Brexit vote
UK, please stay
Stocks tripped by earnings angst, sterling huddled for Brexit vote: Spluttering noises from Germany and an earnings miss from banking giant JP Morgan dragged back stocks on Tuesday, while Britain's pound… #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachKavanaugh #TheResistance
Mine: 1) Brexit is Brexit, 2) Nothing has changed, 3) We're leaving EU on March 29.
Brits Deal With Brexit Uncertainty By Hoarding Gold
Stocks tripped by earnings angst, sterling huddled for Brexit vote
With the #Brexit vote happening today a reminder about last week’s Think Friday - we need to pray, model civility and as a church declare - Fear not - and instead speak hope and life
brexit 17 m out of 49m voters rule uk now most voters where stopped by ex tory pm so 17 uk humans rule 66m
Not challenging 'alternative facts', aka lies, is alive, well &amp; on bloody steroids in much of the UK media currently - at a time when forensic questioning of politicians, on all sides of the Brexit issue, is what is so desperately needed &amp; required. #VoteLeaveBrokeTheLaw
BBCNEWS 5:28am SYLVIIWON MP. Independent, North ann BREXIT DEAL VOTE. Meaningful vote expected avound 8pm this evening: I BREXIIaEAL...
Via : Stocks tripped by earnings angst, sterling huddled for Brexit vote
Sat here thinking #Brexit must currently be the most hated word in the English language right now
Stocks tripped by earnings angst, sterling huddled for Brexit vote
Are your logistics arrangements #Brexit ready (whatever the outcome)? Get in touch to discuss your requirements. #BrexitVote #BrexitVote #logistics #Yorkshireis #Sheffieldissuper #Rotherhamiswonderful #barnsleyisbrill #Freight #supplychain
"Labour has always made it clear . . ." WTF - I heard you on #r4today this morning, and there was nothing clear about what you said. You and Labour are as a deplorably incompetent in opposition as May is in government. #BrexitVote #PeoplesVote
Chaos better known as WTO Brexit.
Democracy with all the bells, whistles and drums... #westminster #Brexit #meaningfulvote #MetroBrexitVote
EU confirms no UK MEPs means default Brexit 2 July latest. New ref ruled out by timescale via
#Brexit and #MAGA have similar vibes to me.
Germany CAVES IN: EU urged to find a ‘better solution’ as no-deal Brexit fears hit
I hope #brexit dies. I hope quits #please #prettyplease
The bells, the bells, those f**king bells #westminster #BrexitVote #brexit
Second Brexit referendum looking likely as Remainer MPs join forces
Tories only got in last time by a fag paper BECAUSE UKIPpers voted to keep Labour out and/or believed Mays Full Brexit lies. UKIPpers were utterly betrayed. They Wont Be Fooled Again. (My motto since 1990).
My opinion, #BBC continues to think of "both sides" as aspects of the Conservative Party.
what ur talking about brexit
Canon J. John: praying on Brexit vote day and days to follow:
The people didn’t vote for unemployment to rise, businesses to fail, and our country to be in absolute disarray. #Brexit is a mess and #Nodeal would be devastating!
Senior MPs begin preparing legislation for fresh #Brexit referendum
Wrong! Talk was always of a satisfactory deal with our nearest trading partners. AND stop calling it clean brexit. There's nothing clean about it.
Dosed with a proper flu, feeling sorry for myself. Then Jim Shannon from the DUP comes on to say everything will be grand with #brexit. Feeling better already (but could be the drugs kicking in.
Walthamstow- will do first Brexit update today for you at 1.30pm on this facebook profile page. Please join me there to find out the latest on today's proceedings in parliament!
Crunch day today. Corbyn is right to keep his powder dry until he sees how things develop after may loses her vote. He won't repeat the mistake made by Rees-Mogg and co in calling for a premature leadership challenge when there aren't the votes to carry it. #BrexitVote #Brexit
Me waiting for the Commons Brexit vote #BrexitVote
Many of her MPs are “joining the opposition “ Not if they don’t pay their £3 they’re not! #Brexit: Theresa May faces 'meaningful vote' on her deal
It's not a matter of pharmaceutical companies refusing to supply us, it's a matter of the government having utterly failed to prepare for the impact of a no-deal Brexit on our transport and supply systems. Do you know how many lorries go through Dover each day? It's not 150.
#UK: Brexit Debate: Day four highlights
The shadow chancellor says if Labour pursued a second Brexit referendum, it's "inevitable" Remain would be on the ballot paper
10/15 ... not bad. Quiz: how well have you been following Brexit?
There is more to politics than Brexit and in my opinion Labour is far better than more Tories who have already sky rocketed poverty and homelessness and killed 100s of thousands with their policies. I say this as a remainer
Iv renounced Violence but if ever I met this Twat I think I would have to be restrained...
First time I've visited my dentist since 2012 and not needed any treatment. I also really enjoyed writing this business automation systems malware story (I'm weird, get over it) for Now, if nobody mentions Brexit my day will be just perfect. Oh...
BREXIT WRECKING! Theresa May’s deal dealt fresh blow as Bercow blocks key amendments
This is all utterly ppointless. #Brexit is GONE, DEAD, DEFEATED, FINISHED, IMPOSSIBLE, NFG for ANY good purpose!
yeeesh
Do you have to film paid EU Supporters waving flags in the backdrop behind your reporters? The bias against #Brexit #NoDealBrexit is disgusting. Reminds me of the paid staffers filmed welcoming Tony Blair arriving in Downing Street in 97
EU members of course can study in any EU country, with FREE access to world class higher education - which Labour will put a permanent stop to thanks to its support of #Brexit.
Theresa May made another speech - but people pointed out one hilarious thing
What will the British Parliament decide on Brexit? Vote to take place around 3:00pm EDT. Let’s hope the UK comes to its senses and decide to reform and enhance the EU instead of leaving it
UK and EU Diplomats Now Assume Brexit Will Be Delayed
If she did that, DUP &amp; ERG would be forced to back her Deal (as the only way to achieve it), along with all other MPs wanting Brexit.. It would certainly be fascinating to see which way Labour would be asked to vote, &amp; totally expose Corbyns position... Hopefully she wont do this
People aren't buying enough teddy bears because of Brexit. Who knew?
It’s not binary. None of this is binary. Please let’s stop pretending that it is.
Lord Kerr told News - Man Who Wrote Article 50 Says It’s “Balls” To Say Scotland Won’t Get Into the EU, Scotland all ready follows all EU laws/ policies so when Scotland becomes independent after Brexit, its entry back into the EU would be "very fast", knock on door - accession
and people in these times of Brexit wonder why May and the rest think they can lie publically and get away with it :D
The #British people had a #Referendum to originally join the #CommonMarket ( a simple Trading arrangement ) . We NEVER had a #Referendum to join the #EU ( a Political arrangement which is UnDemocratic Ineffecient Meddling and Corrupt ). WE have had enough of the #EU . #Brexit
Details of the 4 selected amendments confirmed by Speaker Bercow: 1/5
Amendment K: SNP wants to reject the Brexit deal &amp; calls on the UK Government to "respect the will" of the Scottish Parliament/Welsh Assembly in rejecting the Brexit deal. 3/5
Bir oynatma listesine video ekledim: Theresa May's Brexit deal faces vote in Parliament
Attorney General for PM! hashtag#brexit hashtag#meaningfulvote hashtag#makebritaingreatagain
Part 1 of a series on 2019 #SupplyChain trends. Good overview of key influences including global #economic trends, #Brexit , #sustainability goals, &amp; more. &gt; #supplychainmanagement &gt; via
FFS. Your side broke the law. the evidence is lock solid. Why the fuck you want to do something in Russia's interest, fucked if I know. Brexit makes Britain poorer, weaker and takes away rights from our children. If you want that you are not working in the interest of Britain.
Michael Gove warns ‘winter is coming’ if MPs vote down Brexit deal tonight in bizarre interview.
Agreements over Gibraltar to remain same even in no Brexit: Spanish foreign min.
UK’s May to make last-ditch plea to rebel MPs on Brexit deal. The reported plan would see British Prime Minister Theresa May lose control of parliamentary business to MPs, threatening her ability to govern.
What are the implications of Brexit on business travel? Read the GTMC's summary here: #Brexit #LetsTalkTravel
UK Drivers who are living in EU may have a need to exchange UK driving license with the EU, if there is No-Brexit Deal. Huge No. of Migrants may lead to longer waiting times and delays in exchanging driving licenses.
Dear Theresa May... A scathing response to Theresa May’s open letter on the Brexit deal #Brexit #BrexitVote #MeaningfulVote
Hence Parliament should do its job, reject all forms of Brexit and insist that the Government #RevokeA50
About 2 weeks ago I unfollowed anyone who tweeted about Brexit, my whole Twitter feed has been so much more relaxed since. It's lovely
Are you listening?
Brexit vote 'D-day': The UK papers give their view
UK’s May to make last-ditch plea to rebel MPs on Brexit deal. The reported plan would see British Prime Minister Theresa May lose control of parliamentary business to MPs, threatening her ability to govern.
An excellent guide to the amendments that the Speaker has selected for votes this evening.
JPMORGAN CEO JAMIE DIMON ON BREXIT: 'WE STILL DON'T BELIEVE IT WILL BE HARD' #BREXIT
#Brexit is the nitous oxide of politics. When released into the atmosphere it immediately turns into something foul and toxic.
NO greater threat than an unwitting brexit. We MUST do everything possible to ensure we get a fickle brexit, like we voted for!
We said this from the start ,a person can not do something that is against their heart and mind ,its a constant battle and you will never ever do your best as this has shown from Mays attitude with Brexit .
The vote, which Theresa May looks set to lose, is likely to prolong the uncertainty around Brexit just over two months before Britain is due to leave
WINGS Tues 10:30am The Brexit Referendum
May deal is #SoftRemain. If rejected #NoDealBrexit is the ONLY democratic solution If Brexit does not happen Parliament loses its legitimacy and it would be the duty of all British People to overturn Parliament and restore democracy by all means
Theresa May faces defeat in parliament over Brexit plan
How long is Geoffrey Cox going to speak for? He could run the clock down until Brexit day all on his own.
The Skwawkbox - EU confirms no UK MEPs means default Brexit 2 July latest. New ref ruled out by...
Procurement: Brexit - all bases covered? Read more here: #brexit #bevanbrittan #procurement #law
#EUNOTFORME WHO DEMANDS A SECOND REFERENDUM? #REMAINERS WHO FAILED IN THE FIRST #REFERENDUM!!
Leaving the EU without a deal in place could spell disaster for medicine supply chains and continuity of care for patients across Europe, pharmaceutical companies, organisations and MPs have warned.
Theresa May vows to fight on for Brexit deal
#Brexit deal vote just hours away: #Agrifood and #ecommerce fears of cross-border chaos in “no-deal” scenario
How to watch the Brexit vote like a pro [ ]
Extending A50 is meaningless as very little would change. Quick question: If the electorate returned another 52/48 split in favour of Leave on a people's vote, would you then support Brexit?
Theresa May vows to fight on for Brexit deal
Cox has just told the Commons it's time for everyone to come together in the national interest. Didn't hear him saying that when Opposition Parties Brexit Sec's / Spokespersons were systematically excluded from negotiations "in the National Interest". Shambles.
Theresa May vows to fight on for Brexit deal
Ireland credit rating looks secure even with risk of hard Brexit - Moody’s:
#eucopresident #michelbarnier have not sorted out NI Border with #theresa_may because they want to make the deal as hard as possible. They need us more than we need them #houseofcommons #euronews #brexit #reuters #europarl_en time to deal with real problem than going over coals
Ahead of today's crucial Brexit vote, a council report has revealed how Southwark could be affected.
Before we start getting attacked by the “sensible Brexit” crowd chaos = destruction of the establishment position of treating Brexit like a disease
You need a airlock permanent, my shut your shit up!! #BrexitUncivilWar #BrexitShambles #brexit #BrexitChaos
I’ve become obsessed with scouring Olio for the weirdest crap people try and give away. So far: Brexit yo-yos, a pack of nappies for dogs, and three paper cups.
WATCH LIVE Final Brexit debate ahead of crucial vote — RT UK News
Corbyn's amendment seeks to reject the government's Brexit deal and call for a Brexit agreement that includes a customs union and a closer single market deal. It would also demand protection on environmental and workers' rights issues.
Might be time to ask the audience
Brexit vote: Gove tells Tories they can 'improve' outcome if May's deal passed - Politics live
Ian you should fill your Brexit bunker with 10000000 new pairs of socks. Then you can ride out the madness that will unfold secure in your socky cocoon.
This skulduggery is going to cause civil unrest to put it mildly.
Some great works of #art at Millbank #brexit #london #westminster #discreethelp #infidelity #divorce #marriage #rural #countryside #crime #corporate #surveillance #legalhelp #evidence…
This is the youth movement pushing for a second Brexit referendum | Via: Vice
No teddy bears for children post #Brexit Each child will instead get ten mins with 's nanny, where she will stare at you coldly and tell you to stand up straight and mind your manners #BrexitVote #BrexitShambles
The Canary - MPs are lining up to say why they won’t be voting for Theresa May’s Brexit deal
My friend Hayley and I have a joke that Theresa’s relationship with objective reality is roughly equal to that of Cersei with her stupid map, going on about how she’s queen of the Seven Kingdoms just like her father wanted, because daddy issues ...
I don’t think I’ve ever been so excited to stop work for lunch and switch on the news... #brexit
In your opinion. I don’t recall any remainer opposing the referendum, arguing for a threshold or that it was only advisory, or prior to the vote seeking to determine what Brexit would mean in practice. No they arrogantly assumed it would be a vote to remain. The vote was lost.
By the time you are done covering Brexit it'll be far too late to have children. I'm not sure if this will ever end.
We already had the Brexit or no Brexit question. IF there is to be another question it should ask what type of Brexit do you want. Eg WTO, Norway model, Canada plus or customs union.
What I’m saying is, if you’ve ended up in a position where by default Jaime Lannister is the responsible adult in the room, something has gone extremely wrong. (Look, if Michael Gove’s going to make terrible Game of Thrones/Brexit metaphors, I might as well, too.)
How easy it is for some politicians to change their minds. No principles at all.
Former MI6 chief gives Brexit warning
Theresa May vows to fight on for Brexit deal
BREXIT - Update Sky News and the Guardian have the Government defeat at over 200 votes (225 and 216 respectively) - previous record government 116 votes - This would be enough fro Corbyn to call fro no...
If Corbyn's solution is "my red flavour of Brexit is better than their blue flavour", then it's really not a solution. That's IF that's his position (I've never been quite sure - and neither has anybody else).
'I have NEVER liked the French!' Frustrated Brit has SIMPLE solution to Brexit CHAOS #Brexit #BrexitVote #FBPE
Is the #UK just going round and round in circles on #Brexit, creating uncertainty and division. Is a decision, deal or no deal or remain in EU, just better? So people and business know and can plan... #BrexitVote #BrexitDeal...
A note to the attorney general... An airlock is NOT a method by which one gets used to 'pressures' before achieving normality- that's a decompression chamber. An airlock is what you get disastrously ejected from when it's opened to a vacuum Like- Brexit.
#Brexit showing that an #eton and a #oxbridge education are a complete waste of time as some of your graduates can't even tell that Britain is actually an island or why the Irish thing might be an issue
this brexit deal/vote at british parliament will cause big movement inside world's market
The best thing we could ever do as a country, is leave the EU now. The EU is heading for a huge recession, Germany is virtually in recession now, If we leave with our £39 billion intact, the Germans are doomed, as they would have to foot the majority of the bill. #Brexit
Which events will drive markets over the coming months? 2018's unresolved #trade, #political and #economic concerns are here to stay. #Brexit #China
[FT] RT FinancialTimes: FT Analysis: Theresa May could lose today’s meaningful vote on her Brexit deal by a margin of more than 200 votes — which would break all records for a Commons division in the last 100 years
#PeoplesVote #Brexit #BrexitVote #StopBrexit If trump pulls out of NATO, then what a great idea to leave the EU.?
In fairness, it’s not just the government who haven’t been straight with voters; the opposition have excelled at it too. Thereby making the whole Brexit thing a complete clusterfuck.
Ah, good times!
Theresa May vows to fight on for Brexit deal
Theresa May vows to fight on for Brexit deal
When the history books are written she will go down as the most stupid egotistical PM ever #PeoplesVote #Tory cock up
Wish my MP, had said this. It is what she promised constituents and party members. Now reneging on that promise, just as herself is. Makes one ashamed of our great nation's government.
I really do hope goes for job as #PM after May...
Well said . Brexit is a farce and a potential disaster that has already damaged the country. Your representation today in will be key as ever.
Or private sector investment from the likes of Hitachi and Nissan that invest in the UK, in part becasue of its EU membership. Or the financial and service sector, some of which are now relocating to EU member states becuse of the Brexit uncertainty.
ICYMI: UK Medicines &amp; Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency published guidelines for the situation of a no-deal Brexit: #medicaldevice #TheMoreYouKnow
And guess what He Is Not The Only One!
Attorney General for PM! #brexit #meaningfulvote #makebritaingreatagain
EU confirms no UK MEPs means default Brexit 2 July latest. New ref ruled out by timescale via
degenerate dumbass woman will even compromise her kids health for politics.
INFH UXEYX 150119143034
i hate it all
'two wasted years negotiating with her cabinet' - The man who's been leading the Shadow Cabinet for 4 years and who still doesn't have a coherent #Brexit or foreign policy and has faced countless leadership challenges.
The British prime minister is set to lose a vote on her Brexit deal but time is running short for a plan “B”
Watch out for BBC 'droppings'..
‘How Theresa May’s #Brexit deal was killed off by her own incompetence’
Brexit vote tonight. You'll want to die even more tomorrow.
From Cameron's resignation to tonight's vote - the key Brexit dates in full
Tbh I wouldn't be surprised if there's someone walking around outside Parliament at the moment with a brexit Lambeg drum
Thanks for picking the right quote! Of course I am in favour of revoking the withdrawal notice! and everyone else. Just not tactically, in order to extend the negotiations. These have been too painfully long already. Now I think I need a break until 7 pm
I think it's likely we'll disagree on this point. Corbyn is pro-Brexit. The policy of a GE is to allow him/Lab govt to negotiate Brexit again (but better). Polls show Lab voters/members are pro-remain. Q: Does Lab enter GE proposing Corbyn Brexit or 2nd ref? I dunno
Why UK should still appeal to Gulf investors despite Brexit doubts #Dubai #properties #UAE
It's exclusive and cruel, but it's social justice. Of a sort. The same way Labour were "liberal" for 70 years. Labour have fought for the rights of minorities, all sort and dress it up in socialist clothes. Nice. However the new politics is OPEN v CLOSED. It's the Brexit divide.
Definitely and it will make difficult to dogs travelling it will be much more complicated . Brexit is a misery even animals will suffer
“Good luck MPs, we’re all counting on you.” #brexit #farce #WithdrawalAgreement #airplane!
your Tweet was quoted in an article by
With Britain's impending departure from the #EU creeping closer, leading political comedian will further render the complexities of our tumultuous times with a 25 date national tour '#Brexit Through The Gift Shop'. Buy your tickets here:
Tomorrow!
Why did we think the UK population could be trusted to vote on Brexit?
Lol, new metaphor, Brexit is now being ejected into outer space via airlock (of agreement) says Geoffrey Cox. wow sounds great #MeaningfulVote #BrexitVote
"It is likely that the upheaval of #Brexit will contribute to increased adoption of cloud-based services as organisations continue to prepare themselves for a potentially turbulent environment." The #publicsector should be ready, reports
Today marks the most significant day in UK political history and will remain in the history books. The UK has always honoured the results of any UK held referendum. Once the Meaningful Vote is lost tonight there can only be a snap general election in Feb or a no deal Brexit.
The Attorney General is an absolute star. He restores my faith in Parliament... #Brexit
Ah yes. Con Manifesto- just like the Labour manifesto last election. Both backed a real Brexit. Funny- both turned out to be complete lies. If you believe manifestos, you have issues. Then you allege Torys are dishonest- Wrong. The majority of MPs from all parties are liars
The debate around Britain's withdrawal from the EU has been long, repetitive, emotional and sometimes vicious. Here's a photographic journey through Brexit.
Meet The New Brexit 'Doomsday Preppers': Housewives Stockpiling Food And Medicine
It is possible, though unlikely, that Corbyn could lead a government of National Unity following defeat of May's only deal which leads to no deal chaos. #BrexitVote #Brexit #GeneralElectionNow
UK Manufacturers #Stockpile goods to prepare for Brexit -&gt;
I remember the EU saying there would be no deal, no negotiations, that the people of the UK had voted and they should leave the EU immediately. #Brexit #BrexitVote
Loooool, just got interviewed by BBC north west about Brexit
The vote, which Theresa May looks set to lose, is likely to prolong the uncertainty around Brexit just over two months before Britain is due to leave
brexit
Stand up to Trump abt shut down. Look@ polls. Rs blamed w/Trump but he's one who threatened months maybe a year. U need to save party from impulsive POTUS. There must be a large group of Rs who see writing on wall. Brexit failing. Trump similar. Get to him pls.Thx
It’s vital we understand the consequences of these changing times. Europe will divide further post Brexit with a rise in right wing nationalism. International bodies such as NATO, the EU and the UN will loose their relevance. Anarchy will lead to war.Changing History eBook.
Dangerous pc must b stopped. Brexit..then dump these nazis.
Of course the 'letter from the EU' is UTTERLY WORTHLESS!
The battle is not whether May loses but how badly.
Round of Applause Lammy
. , Head of Politics &amp; International Relations at #CardiffUni, provided comment for ahead of Theresa May’s #Brexit speech, which was rewritten following criticism it made inaccurate claims about the Welsh assembly referendum in 1997
I really hope that the UK #Brexit won't affect the worldwide export of my favourite doggy nibbles, 'Britsh Bulldog Boners'. I doubt that the ardent #Brexiters have even considered that !
Dear me
Letters: Brexit has turned into the British exit from civilised debate – the sooner we do away with it, the better
#indyref2 #ScotRef #DissolveTheUnion #BrexitVote #brexit #BrexitShambles Questions the AG, Geoffrey Cox further on the issue of legal force wrt the withdrawal agreement.......
what a political moron &amp; two faced double standard ass wipe this political creep this guy is of making claims of political purposes who lined his pockets of #brexit ?
Exactly!!
Mason sells himself hard as a leftist, but he adores NATO.
If this amendment is passed, does this not render worthless a vote on the entire deal? #brexit
Everyone needs to read this statement by Dominic Grieve maybe before the latest election... It shows the depth of his lies, deceit and betrayal #brexitvote #brexit #Bercow
Trump throws wrench in May's plan to sell Brexit deal | The Japan Times (Co) #ICC #CgAn
To anyone watching the Attorney General, Geoffrey Cox, making a speech on the Brexit Deal vote, I offer this comment: "What a fucking pantomime performance this is!" That is all!! #DissolveTheUnion
.... BUT Still major concerns ... World slowdown, #China, FED, or even next tweet (lol) via #CautiousInvestor $ES_F $SPX and over the pond #Brexit Update
The politicians are useless, and by the intelligence of your last caller about how many voted for brexit , blimey, it’s no wonder it’s a bit of a pickle.
Just a calculator of how much all of this Brexit process is costing us by the second. Promise it's not depressing at all...
The day has finally come for MPs to vote on Theresa May’s Brexit deal. But how could today’s decision impact what happens next? We asked all living foreign secretaries about Britain’s future in a post-Brexit world. Eight replied — here’s what they said
is a very smooth speaker but Bernard you cannot claim that the reality of where Brexit is heading deal or no deal sounds like the incredible promises you and others made - sorry
If a no-deal Brexit went through, it's likely the UK's NHS would collapse anyway. Ireland is significantly increasing healthcare spending, whereas the Tories are chronically underfunding healthcare in the UK. I'd be in favour of a better, all-Ireland solution.
Over the last two years, we’ve sat down to lunch with some of the more controversial characters in the Brexit saga. From Jacob Rees-Mogg to Gina Miller, Claude Juncker to Nigel Farage, you can read them all here:
If true, then why is IndyRef2 still being punted as a possible way to avoid BREXIT? It isn't if it has been refused twice.
Fucking hell. Someone tell Geoffrey Cox pantomime season is over #brexit #WithdrawalAgreement
One key Brexit broker you’ve probably never heard of is Olly Robbins. In October we asked whether the civil servant could prove Brexit’s unlikely hero
#BrexitExit #HARDBrexitExit make #Scotland great again! #NoBrexitExit #NoHARDBrexitExit
I reckon 40-50 is about right. Anything more than that and May ought to throw in the towel.
Aagh... From a Brexit-swamped Britain. Could so do with the respite of California firepits and wonderful IABC friends
For live updates on the Brexit vote, check out the live blog
my boyfriend, who hates twitter, would like to contribute to the brexit discourse
Four amendments selected with Theresa May facing crushing defeat in Brexit meaningful vote
This is quite a good trick to get the Government line out as we will all read it and think it is secret but of course has been deliberately leaked #politicslive
Translated: UK independence will be so disastrous Scots will flock to be free #brexit
Brexit-hamming
Brexit actually means Brexit, but that does not seem to compute in Britain.
AngusMacNeilSNP: Attorney General is not aware of market advantage fish landed in N Ireland will have vs fish landed in Scotland -confuses this with quotas rather than a marketable commodity to the EU if landed in CU &amp; SM or not. That is worrying respons…
Don’t blame Brexit for UK wobbles, says ‘Mr Copper’
Don’t blame Brexit for UK economic wobbles, says ‘Mr Copper’
No one's on the Brexit bus. #RevokeArticle50 #BrexitVote
No one's on the Brexit bus. #RevokeArticle50 #BrexitVote
What a cow...
I’m so shocked at the blithe indifference To “no deal” brexit. Its sickening
BREXIT MEANS BREXIT UNLESS BREXIT MEANS BREXIT
This is getting desperate now... #ProjectFear Hard Brexit to hit Danish bacon, butter exports to Britain - OECD via
There have always been People on both sides of the Brexit divide who have been willing to compromise. The problem is that the narrative is dominated by those who believe in the twin fantasies of No deal and the belief that Brexit will magically vanish after another Referendum.
Agreed!
Listening to this man makes me feel totally ashamed to live on a country where so many people voted for Brexit because of bigotry, racism and xenophobia.
When it says "here", I mean getting the wait over rather than leaving the EU. Don't want to get involved in a discussion about the pros or cons of Brexit.
"The debate around Britain's withdrawal from the EU has been long, repetitive, emotional and sometimes vicious. Here's a photographic journey through Brexit.
Where is the evidence that today, January 15th 2019, that Brexit is ‘the will of the people’?
Oh god. This is the worst timeline.
UK parliament holds Brexit debate before crucial vote
great, prime time
I think that's a good shout. The number one aim of the Conservatives is retaining power, even Brexit is secondary. We are leaving the EU, but with a whimper. My only interest is whether that will be enough to convince the remaining couple percent of soft Nos we need to get out
We go now live to Brexit:
Stocks tripped by earnings angst, sterling huddled for Brexit vote
Theresa May vows to fight on for Brexit deal
Don’t blame Brexit for UK economic wobbles, says ‘Mr Copper’
“Free trade in cars is not just a matter of having zero tariffs—it’s a lot more complicated.” A #Brexit #readinglist by , Professor of Economics and Public Policy
Brexit Britain deserves a better PM than who has failed in Brexit talks &amp; betrayed the country with her #BrexitDeal. The UK needs a real leader with vision. Someone with ambitions for the country, with idea to reform the country &amp; reboot the economy. That is not May!
Faith in democracy will be shattered if we force through the harshest Brexit because of a wafer thin majority in an illegal referendum. Even worse, not a single one of the promises made to the elctorate by the Leave campaign would be honoured. #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy
TM's deal is a bust without it. EU face increasing the odds of no deal and no Brexit. The ball is in their court because in ours the players can't even form a lineup never mind play the game. The PM's deal needs one final concession from EU for her to get a majority.
Good for him. I am too. Anyone else? #StopBrexit #Brexit #Brexitvote #LEave #EU
Time will tell but while Tory’s are in power (just) it will never be a brexit for the many. That’s been obvious from 2010.
FINAL BREXIT DEAL FORECAST (range in brackets) FOR: 209 (202–217) AGAINST: 418 (397–430) Majority of 209 (180–228) against the deal.
Markets more concerned with #Brexit than BoE’s stance on interest rates #business
BBCNEWS 5:30am BREXIT DEAL VOTE. Labour amendment rejects deal due to no customs unioL BREXII UEA'L VUTE '. . Labour amendment...
Forget #Brexit! Just over 2 weeks till the
Lord above
Just interviewed Rugby MP who told me he will back ’s Brexit deal tonight. But, if it is defeated, he wants the prime minister to go back to the EU and renegotiate. More on with this afternoon.
Frankly, at this stage I’m viewing Brexit as an opportunity to lose weight
Heres mine . It's a con from our plutocracy.
In the perfect world you should need a test before you can vote because some of the comments about Brexit over the last two years from the public defy any intelligent explanation
UK parliament holds Brexit debate before crucial vote
Yuck.. that man makes me shudder Katie. x #Brexit ASAP Please! x
(Brexit Vote: Parliament to Decide on E.U. Withdrawal Plan - The New York Times) #news #trendingnews #todaynews has been published on Review Journal -
Maybe Trump and Brexit have shown that identity (in these cases nationalism) is more powerful than economic well-being. Identity is simple and emotional. Money is complex and boring.
Please show your own - &amp; the Country's strength of feeling by signing these 2 petitions &amp; by making as many people as possible aware of them: Leave the EU without a deal in March 2019 Brexit re article 50 it must not be suspended/stopped under any circumstances:
Once again, David Squires knocks it out the park this week.
‘EU will get EVERYTHING’ Brexit trade deal will be ‘RUINED’ if May’s deal voted through
‘Biggest bote’?! Not by turnout it wasn’t! Btw why would we wait for the EU to come to us cap in hand? WE voted leave !!! #Brexit #BrexitDeal
Just listening to the attorney general patronise and talk down to not only MPs in the Commons but also to all of us. How dare he say the rights of 3.2 million EU citizens in the U.K. and the 1 million U.K. citizens in other EU countries have been protected. No they have not.
Stocks tripped by earnings angst, sterling huddled for Brexit vote
Just caught some of the Brexit debate. Still someone saying we don’t make our own laws. And unfortunately it wasn’t challenged firmly enough
Nothing but respect for my new Brexit Bulletin.
On this momentous day, I want to pay heartfelt tribute to the (anti-) #Brexit Spokesperson, . He has been outstanding in his persistent and detailed criticism of Brexit and May's woeful deal. In the press, on social media, and in the House. Thank you, Tom!
It is clear that having considered the facts and the interests of their constituents this HoC are inclined towards No Brexit over any option presented so far.
Gotta love our evil overlords... give people a vote to leave EU. People vote to leave the EU (apparently they didnt like Brussels making their political policy or Berlin...
I prefer a No Deal to a bad deal but this whole issue is becoming a farce and all of Europe are laughing at us. We voted to leave, the majority spoke and won the vote so we need to leave please do not vote for a No Brexit or a new referendum
- No-deal has to be off the table.. It's bad for the NHS, bad for public services and bad for economy".#Brexit #BrexitVote
VOTE: MPs prepare for crucial Brexit vote - what would you do?
EU's chief Brexit negotiator Guy Verhofstadt appointed to co-ordinate the European Parliaments response, to the UK’s bombshell departure, agrees that independent Scotland would gain automatic entry to the EU. ---------------
Thanks will c if i can tune into it, have been in utter silence up till now, can't bear to listen to BBC at all,the turn off knob is threadbare now
What hope for Britain's high streets? Following a right turkey of a Christmas, it's unlikely whatever happens with Brexit is going to help in the short term. We took to Plymouth city centre to gauge the mood...
EU confirms no UK MEPs means default Brexit 2 July latest. New ref ruled out by timescale via
U.K.'s future hangs in the balance with key Brexit vote: #BrexitVote
The body language #Brexit /// its now history
That’s fine. No dodgy-deal. No vassal-Brino. No cash. Now the nasty fonctionnaire’s must go beg with menace elsewhere.
And those scientists and academics have been saying over and over again that Brexit is a disaster for science and innovation
What does 'no deal' Brexit mean, and how would it affect daily life in the UK?
Brexit latest polling: Public hate Theresa May's deal - but still back leaving via
If the deal were to pass tonight, one of the biggest advantages would be that we could finally start to move on from #Brexit. So many issues - regional inequality, skills shortages, ageing population, etc - will matter more to our future than whether or not we’re in the EU.
Brexit Plan B - All the rich folk happy to say that a No Deal WTO Brexit is great to sign a legally binding declaration that if it’s not they will forego their entire fortunes After all If they’re willing to gamble with other people’s lives then why not their own #BrexitVote
Genuinely saying that Britain will survive Brexit because after the war the population responded by growing veg in the garden. You tell that to the large portion of the UK whose intelligence boundaries go as far as Jack and Dani, life after Love Island
Excellent work by today to completely demolish in his interview with him (at last) ...
if Brexit gets overturned surely that undermines all future votes in our country?? So will the result of the next election get overturned because people don't like the result?? I doubt it, so why should Brexit??
"Today will defeated by a massive margin on the central plank of her governing program. The consequences of this will be unpredictable — which is precisely why the government pulled the vote in December," writes
has the #UK ever felt itself #European? Europeans love #Britains. Stay as you are: independent, authentic and stylish. Today is commotion. Leave now, accept the short time rubbish and enjoy freedom. Be proud of being #GreatBritain! #Brexit
Imagine being that sad you feel the need stand outside #westminster with an EU flag! #brexit is 10 weeks away you morons! Yet more shameful behaviour from the far left remainers! 29/3/19
Withering #Brexit
100% accurate!!
Brexit 2: May &amp; Trump vs Truth, with Stephen Fry via
Deviant traitor pls deselect
I respect we need certainty but I’m afraid I can’t agree with he current agreement as it stands. Worst of both worlds in my opinion. Costing us huge amounts of money with no say on any EU matters. Either delay Brexit or hard Brexit.
At this point, I'm convinced 's new series of 'The Thick of It' is just him planting cameras around Westminster, whilst sobbing that they've almost killed off political satire. #brexitvote #brexit #fbpe
Businesses are leaving the United Kingdom because of its economic uncertainty—and because Dublin, Paris, and Frankfurt are more attractive anyway.
It has to come back to the people.. government no longer works.. we need a complete overhaul of british politics. Brexit isn’t a good idea!
I believe the journo is question was working on a feature about the effects of Brexit on football (I wasn't there, but am told). Not sure he'd have expected the answer he got though!
Shove #brexit up your arse
Brexit so far...
I see the pro-brexit thinktank 'Liverpool Research Group'preferred by Mogg &amp; the other pro-brexiteers are the worst ranked
Am I being a bit dumb? Im no brexit fan but I know its happening. Is it not cutting off your nose despite your face to vote against this deal? Vote 'no', you get no deal brexit? Isnt the deal on the table the best shitty option?
My ears have cognitive dissonance... Not just because Geoffrey Cox's voice sounds faintly Welsh, but because he sounds like a real PM in a government of incompetents. #brexit #brexitvote #eu
More #ProjectFear from #Brexiters
The worst computer game ever.
You’re very welcome. I hope I do too. Have an amazing week. Currently I’m discussing paedophiles in Hollywood although their fans are very abusive so careful if you join in, and regularly discuss Brexit (I’m a remainer) but I respect all views.
I feel sorry for decent Labour MPs like that worked hard to gain thier seats from the Tories that will end up paying the price for Corbyns pro brexit stance and general incompetence.Tragic Grandpa is making Labour unelectable. He simply has to go. Now! #CorbynOut
Lib Dems vs Brexit: Menzies Campbell: Deal does not deliver promised utopia via #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote #RevokeA50
David Lammy for motherfucking PM. All. Day. Long.
Uncle Ebenezer took a day off from fox hunting to practice his amateur dramatics #brexitvote #parliament #geoffreycox #BrexitDeal #DitchTheDeal #brexit
Parliament cannot be in control of the Brexit process because: 1. It has no corporate self; 2. It has no means of internal discipline; 3. It has too many divisions when it comes to supporting a Brexit option; 4. It has no means of implementing its decisions.
Our MPs are currently debating how Air Locks work. #Brexit #HelpMe
Three years ago. After illegal campaigning and incredible lies about a Brexit dividend instead of the massive Brexit deficit we face. With only a couple of percent difference in a country of 65 million - a clear argument for a referendum on the options. #WithdrawalAgreement
Outright untruths, ignorance and disrespect will be the legacy of her leadership of Unionism. A fallacy. Still does not show one iota of decency, to give the Taoiseach his proper title.
Eurobites: UKCloud Seeks to Make Hay From Post-Brexit Mayhem #news
Government ‘sneaks out’ £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote - The Independent
The people voted to Leave. Parliament rejects a Withdrawal Agreement. It's clear that everyone wants to leave WTO, . If you stand up and say that, tonight, you'll have the backing of the people of the UK. #StandUp4Brexit #Brexit #LeaveMeansLeave #NoDealNoProblem
He should’ve been voted out by you lot for being this way, but needs must with Labour, you kept him on so he could stop Brexit. Just desserts.
And still they are in denial, the attorney general (aka Rumpole of the Baily) is grandstanding, full of blustering and B/S
Absolutely. ‘No Deal’ is merely pure Brexit.
Yes I need a tutor. Quiz: how well have you been following Brexit?
It's a huge day for Brexit — but the divorce deal appears doomed #FBPE #Brexit #BrexitVote via
Quiz: how well have you been following Brexit?
Why is Cox guldering? This is a pantomime to these people..I'd wager he's never seen the inside of the dole in his life or have to shop solely in the "reduced pile" in the shop. Tories are out of touch not just on Brexit, but are pushing many into poverty &amp; destitution.
May faces defeat in parliament over Brexit plan
When Americans Want to Understand Brexit, It’s Clear Britain Is in Trouble ( by #QuadrupleWitching #brexit #uk #eu
UKCloud Increases Data Centre Capacity As Parliament Moves To Brexit Vote #datacentre #brexit
I honestly think if there was a GE this year many would cave on the basis Brexit is happening anyway so get the Tories out. I could not in good conscience be one of them. I also think they will vote Labour in a GE after Brexit has happened. FPTP is a disgrace to democracy.
Post-Brexit, when we return to the 1950s, what popular form of punishment would you like to see reinstated?
Who cares if we are subject to the laws and controls of a foreign, unelected supranational power, as long as we can get brie and Mars bars?
I'm not sure TBF, brexit has got more of a cat IDGAF/ push it all off the table feel to it. It's not got Big Dog Energy.
The government's decision to sneak out a £7k #pension cut for the #elderly on Monday evening – as MPs held talks ahead of the meaningful vote on Theresa May's #Brexit deal - is deplorable. The #Tories think they can pull the wool over our eyes, don't let them. #UniversalCredit
Dear leavers here's your chance - just one real benefit off brexit that will make us all glad it happens - come on just one #wato #brexitvote #skynews
Amazed how commenters manage to make this world-shaking scoop on Congo election fraud about... Brexit
Political Chaos Is Driving the U.K. Off a No-Deal Brexit Cliff via
‘I don’t trust the government to look after me or my dog’: meet the Brexit stockpilers
PM faces crushing Brexit defeat and a vote of no confidence via
Stocks tripped by earnings angst, sterling huddled for Brexit vote
Just Leave on WTO terms is the best option.
#Brexit No deal Brexit = Freedom. Otherwise it's Room 101 and the Ministry of Truth and Victory Gin.
a sizeable chunk of those people were just fed-up with foreigners, according to most analyses – even by scholars sympathetic to the Brexit cause. certainly law-abiding and honest, but just as certainly xenophobic.
"the lady's not for turning" but when she needed to Maggie would shift her position so skillfully you never noticed the change. seems to have taken the words and made them into a mantra over #Brexit to the point its irrational beyond belief
Meanwhile in non-Brexit news, all species, humans included are about to be wiped out by increasing environmental destruction and #ExtinctionRebellion are making a terrible fuss about it in Bloomsbury.
brexit metaphor
You too support #Brexit. What's your substitute? Or you want to play in the same band with a different tune. #BrexitChaos
German FM Maas says if Parliament rejects May’s Brexit deal, there could be new talks with the EU — RT World News
Brussels MEPs told Scotland CAN be given special Brexit deal with EU keeping Scotland in the EU were handed a boost today after the European Parliament was told Edinburgh could secure special terms with Brussels.
Yes is was... and many of us agreed this meant leaving the Customs Union and the Single Market &amp; ECJ when we voted to implement the Tory Party manifesto in the GENERAL ELECTION which followed the Referendum. The Withdrawal Agreement is not Brexit...
Talking to a friend about taking a trip to Europe later this year and she said let’s wait and see what happens with #Brexit What a fucking time to be alive ffs Can’t see May getting the win with the #ParliamentVote #BrexitVote
Can’t wait till I can put the TV on without #Brexit being mentioned
Watching the whole #Brexit thing is like waiting for a new pope. I have literally no idea what’s going on but at some point they’ll probably set fire to something and we’ll know it’s over.
Heard or seen nothing on the Brit media, it seems though that Japanese car makers have been having discussions with an undisclosed EU country to move there after Brexit! Seems many Brit owned banks and insurance companies have applied for trade licences in Germany and France.
Bizarre Dream: but called Eevelyn was workin in Mitchell’s Dairy I Inverurie dichtin tables when a person cam in, opened an umbrella an according tae LK fu scuppered Brexit by rain so; this follaed anither dream (I sat doon an fell asleep) which woke me in fleg:/
Feelings running high at Westminster. Pro brexit protestors confront a pro EU couple
This news was rather quietly announced last night - And people will still vote #Tory!! #ToriesOut
A Likely Brexit Defeat That Will Expose A Lack Of Leadership
Living comfortably unlike those currently in job insecurity because of the Brexit shambles.
Remember statements like "... hours left to save the NHS" or "Labour isn't working" or run up to the last election and thinking the PM is scared of debating the leader of the opposition? Anything in the current nastiness change anyone's mind about Brexit?
If there's a second referendum and the vote is remain, I want a third referendum to do best of 3. That's only fair. #Brexit
Scottish National Party leader Ian Blackford says the Brexit negotiating period must be extended to avert the risk of a no-deal withdrawal from the EU
What is this
Stocks tripped by earnings angst, sterling huddled for Brexit vote
OB: Why has it all gone so wrong? JRM: Why has what gone wrong? OB: Brexit. JRM: Well Brexit has yet happened, so... (next stupid question please James) DING! Round one to Jacob #obingo
No brexit won't happen ........democracy dies with that plan
Summink about #Brexit.
Obscure pro-Brexit group spends tens of thousands on Facebook ads
'two wasted years negotiating with her cabinet' - The man who's been leading the Shadow Cabinet for 4 years and who still doesn't have a coherent #Brexit or foreign policy and has faced countless leadership challenges.
Wonderful speech! As a US citizen, I sincerely hope your words are made manifest &amp; the English people can stamp out the con of Brexit &amp; the swindlers profiteering from it.
MPs should be honest about Brexit and stop the proliferation of all the MAD anti-EU lies and propaganda. First country to commit suicide via lies, ignorance, &amp; propaganda? History will judge all MPs who allowed this disaster to unfold! It’s utter madness! #StopBrexit NOW.
Or, quite frankly, any Brexit, given that political declaration is wishy-washy, revocable &amp; without any legal force.
Amendments to PM's #Brexit deal selected
The delusions of Boris Johnson and his chums have been shattered, that doesn’t mean they’ve been disarmed quite yet via
Your ignorance of soubry and umunna's votes over brexit. All this, yet youre gonna come in here throwing out lessons.
The analogy will gradually transition by the end of the day to the Brexit Xenomorph being blown out of the 'goddam' airlock.
Soros has deep pockets doesn't he!
David Mundell: We'll re-run the Brexit vote until we get the result we want
Heard or seen nothing on the Brit media, it seems though that Japanese car makers have been having discussions with an undisclosed EU country to move there after Brexit! Seems many Brit owned banks and insurance companies have applied for trade licences in Germany and France.
Heard a lot of arguments in favour of extending Article 50, but never the most important one - Game of Thrones will be over by the end of May, and we can have the conversation without this shit keeping coming up
Shove #Brexit up your arse
Exactly. We all knew this but our PM chose not to listen to advisors. Why oh why didn't she have the vote in December and then the EU would have had the 6 weeks to reconsider. What a waste of time.
#BrexitVote | GERMAN FINANCE MINISTER: Brexit is no accident, it's 'madness'
#Business | Stocks tripped by earnings angst, sterling huddled for Brexit vote #RTGFinance
There's so much I want to say about Brexit that I can't be arsed saying any of it.
Today I will be retweeting animal photos. Animal photos will soothe the torments of a Brexit-addled mind. So here we go...
And this is why I love the Internet
If you ever want a case study on how not to manage a project. Theresa May and #Brexit is it. No stakeholder engagement. Ambiguous lines of responsibility and accountability. Deadlines as fixed as jelly on a raft in the mid Pacific. End result? A massive cock up.
Below makes some sense out of tonight's amendments, and the ones that weren't called by the speaker. Watch last day of debate unfold here:
How will U.K. Parliament members vote on the Brexit deal? Here's what we know
WATCH LIVE Final Brexit debate ahead of crucial vote — RT UK News
Government ‘sneaks out’ £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote
Matt Hancock has already admitted that the government cannot guarantee that people won't die as a result of a no-deal Brexit.
Brexit Twat.
The nervous laugher of Arlene Foster talking about having no 'border before' is like when a child asks about Santa and puts you on the spot in front of other adults. They want to see how you handle it?..she didn't #Brexit is will give her a healthy pension by the time it's sorted
The upshot of all this turmoil is that the U.K. is looking more and more likely to face a no-deal Brexit at the end of March, whether or not anyone wants it
Factbox: Britain's big Brexit vote - What happens in parliament?
Brexit update part one - tuesday 15th January 2019
brexit is not cox's main worry; it's a corbyn led labour government. simples!
So, in David Davis' world - a stonking defeat is what the PM needs to strengthen her position in Europe? Dear god!
Live Briefing: Brexit Vote: Parliament to Decide on E.U. Withdrawal Plan
Global stocks tripped by earnings angst, sterling huddled for Brexit vote #UK #UKBiz #England #Britain #UnitedKingdom
What time is the Brexit vote? And more of your questions answered
It’s almost as if Brexit is a severely complex conundrum with a billion moving parts. Not to old Lionhart1066 though...”we voted out, so let’s just leave with all the bells and whistles we like and appoint King Richard to lead the new crusade! RULE BRITANNIA!”
Yes, there’s only one deal on the table &amp; it is crap! It is just like the sort of “withdrawal agreement” a bloke makes when he’s forgotten to get a condom, and even less effective! #brexit #gowto #WTOLetsGo #GoWTO. no-Brexit is a myth! We leave 29/3. It’s the law!
Because they don’t care about the people only themselves.
Sadly too many think you can. WA is “a little bit in/a little bit out”. Brexit offered Leave. Leave is WTO. Let’s get on with it.
Just because you put words into an image, doesn't make them facts. You can hold the opinion that Brexit is bad, and it is an opinion that you are welcome to. But it doesn't stop you being in the minority.
"Eurobites: UKCloud Seeks to Make Hay From Post-Brexit Mayhem: Also in today's EMEA regional roundup: Nokia's Nuage Networks powers sports data analysis; BT Global Services turns to SevOne; Helios enters South African market. h/t LightReading
The latest A Taste of Honey! Thanks to #brexitvote #brexit
#Nodeal #Brexit is brexit in its purest form. This is what Brits voted for in 2016, we did not vote for negotiations, we did not vote for a deal, we voted to leave. MP's can keep plotting against Brexit but it will only inspire Brits to support Brexit more. The UK needs a no deal
Spot on !
Came to the conclusion is my anaesthetic to Brexit. No matter how bad it looks at #westminster we can always rely on the leader of the free world to make us look competent!
Totally agree.
Stocks tripped by earnings angst, sterling huddled for Brexit vote
.or end brexit.
Stocks tripped by earnings angst, sterling huddled for Brexit vote via
Stocks tripped by earnings angst, sterling huddled for Brexit vote #topNews
[EURONEWS] What time is the Brexit vote? And more of your questions answered |
BBC News - Theresa May says no qw ww 00mm 9 Brexit more likely than no deal m,s-46856149
LIVE: PM vows to respond 'quickly' as she faces huge Brexit deal defeat
Well, first of all, I should point out I'm not a remoaner, I voted for Brexit. I can only speak for my own freedom: I won't be able to work in the EU anymore without a work visa, which is fine. And I won't be able to travel freely or live in the EU. So, that's my freedom reduced
Is this really democracy ? , petition with 1000s of members asking for #Brexit conf since before Xmas. No reason it couldn't have been organised-if the party actually wanted it. The members want #PeoplesVote
No-deal Brexit: Poland and Czech Republic to allow Britons to stay if UK crashes out
What time is the Brexit vote? And more of your questions answered
"Toot 2 stop #brexit" lol... go home mate - you're drunk!
First charity I've heard of doing this - will pay about £4,000 to cover its 60 or so EU employees’ settled status fees post-Brexit
BREXIT WRECKING! Theresa May’s deal dealt fresh blow as Bercow blocks key amendments
Agreed think it will be a lot closer than everybody thinks. May's team have done a great job putting the fear of no Brexit into them that I think there will be a good few voting in favour, even if they are not saying so publicly.
F**king hell..... that is a piss take #Brexit #BrexitVote
. in Commons saying we owe it to Brits living overseas to take May's terrible #Brexit agreement. How about we actually give them a say in a #PeoplesVote because your party wouldn't give them a vote in the EU referendum.
NTAs AND a Brexit vote on the same day. Not sure I can cope !!!
Eurobites: UKCloud Seeks to Make Hay From Post-Brexit Mayhem
It has already arrived.
Government ‘sneaks out’ £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote
What time is the Brexit vote? And more of your questions answered
No Deal must be ruled out as an option today. Were the real consequences of No Deal properly debated and made known in 2016? of course they weren’t and Parliament has a responsibility to rule it out.
My proposal for #Brexit: Cancel everything until after the election after next (i.e. a clear 5 years). Then have a brand new binding &amp; properly informed referendum. Stopping, standing back &amp; rethinking has to be the only sensible way.
Eurogroup chief sees room for more talks to avoid hard Brexit #UK #UKBiz #England #Britain #UnitedKingdom
Brexit camp will have an even weaker negotiating hand after May defeat in parliament then before.
We know, May is trying to destroy Brexit with a deal that enables transfer wealth and jobs to EU and impoverish UKwhilst denying it ability to exploit opportunities of Brexit all to then say oh it didnt work lets go back. PUNISHMENT deal designed by EU and May to evade leaving.
BBCNEWS 5:31am BREXIT DEAL VOTE. SNP amendment rejects deal as damaging for nationi SNP amendment relfc' SNP amendment rejects deal...
Letters: Brexit has turned into the British exit from civilised debate – the sooner we do away with it, the better
yes wto = 4% loss of gdp = 500,000 lob losses, loss of aaa status more borrowings higher interest, yes lets trade on wto terms
#Remainers &amp; #PeoplesVote call for #Labour party to be canceled over donations breaking Electoral Law . . . . . . They say Labour MP's must be re-elected as not elected democratically! ?? Labour fined £12,500 over donations - #brexit #LeaveMeansLeave
Filming a segment on #Brexit with Danish TV, making my views of a #nodeal very clear! It would be catastrophic
PM 'utterly failed' on Brexit legal agreements - BBC News *PM 'utterly failed' on Brexit You're welcome
Depends what sort of brexit. If we must have brexit we need the softest type - something most remainers and most leavers can live with. We need to bring this country together urgently to tackle the massive problems created by Tory policies
Thread
Wow.. Jacob Rees-Mogg on show just destroys remoaners for fun!! #bbcradio2 #brexit #nodealbrexit
Hard Brexit to hit Danish bacon, butter exports to Britain – OECD #UK #UKBiz #England #Britain #UnitedKingdom
Today’s Brexit vote is a historical point for the UK follow the format with this guide. The big Brexit vote is upon us and all bets are on Theresa May’s deal...
Afternoon off. I'm watching the Brexit debate. The Attorney General chewing the scenery is giving me heartburn. Pompous af.
The only way to get Brexit right is to cancel Brexit. Clowns such as you Boris Johnson have contributed to the utter chaos brought on by you and your fellow Brexiteers. None of you have got a clue . Better to stay in the EU and relegate you BJ to the sewers where you belong.
Brexit is a battle in an ongoing war of globalism v nationalism across the planet. Nationalism is necessary to preserve sovereignty, democracy and freedom for the people and to preserve the political granularity essential to an healthy environment. Globalism will be defeated.
And the dead will rise again and walk the earth!! Bah!! Humbug
Yes I agree children born here should have citizenship. Do not agree with the grandparent rule, especially being abused by Americans and people escaping Brexit.
May says she will respond quickly after key Brexit vote #UK #UKBiz #England #Britain #UnitedKingdom
if Brexit gets overturned surely that undermines all future votes in our country?? So will the result of the next election get overturned because people don't like the result?? I doubt it, so why should Brexit??
Great to hear and talking about the true agony of gout yesterday lunchtime, I’ve had it for years, even before #Brexit
Brits Deal With Brexit Uncertainty By Hoarding Gold
Don't be fooled. Labour WILL thrive if it moves towards OPEN politics, embraces evidence, facts, experts, truth … if it opposes Brexit. Nothing Labour can do right now can pull together the new Open/Closed divide. You can aim for the centre ground in this. Lib Dem territory.
The NHS would have all the money it needs, if May's wasn't squandering £39,000,000,000 on a #Brexit the majority don't want.
Brexit has turned into the British exit from civilised debate – the sooner we do away with it, the better
Don’t blame Brexit for UK economic wobbles, says ‘Mr Copper’
Just realised that some of the people born end of March/start of April 2017 could be Brexit Babies, and now I feel a bit sick.
Say it all goes to plan. Brexit vote tonight 20.15, massive fail. No Confidence vote, DUP don't back Tories, passes. Do they *have* to call a GE? If so, how soon? I'm desperate for the Socialist Utopia.
May to persist with current Brexit deal regardless of defeat – Sun #UK #UKBiz #England #Britain #UnitedKingdom
Men shitting themselves over razor blades, Trump trying to give a sports team coronary heart disease, and every Brexit moron constantly in rotation on all news channels. All in one day! 2018 set the bar high but 2019 really has hit the ground running.
Stop wasting our money #brexit
Watch at 14:30 GMT today for the latest on #Brexit with Chief Market Analyst
The IOOA conclusion about #Brexit: "Encouragement and support for hydrocarbon exploration [...] can lead to #energysecurity, help build a low-carbon society through the increased use of indigenous #gas, and exploit opportunities for attracting new foreign direct investment."
Starts around with 19 mins left on catch up. The arrogance of the oozes out of the speakers... #Brexit
MP for #Rochford and #Southend East has told Radio Essex that Theresa May's handling of #Brexit is damaging the Conservatives, and the Prime Minister will need to get her house in order quickly if the Government loses tonight's vote #EssexMatters
Leading today's Brexit debate, Attorney General, Geoffrey Cox, continues to imagine he is Sir Laurence Olivier reincarnated. #GeneralElectionNow
Why does no one put this to him when he’s on a media channel and ask him to explain why he lied, and why he’s doing everything he can to obstruct brexit when it’s what he got voted on? Why can’t someone just ask him straight??
Brexit reminder from : 320 is the magic number tonight While the Commons has 650 MPs, 11 do not take part in voting – the Speaker, John Bercow and his three deputies; and the seven Sinn Fein MPs. That leaves 639, meaning 320 will get her majority.
If anyone needs an #ENG #HD #camera for #recorded and #live footage in #London this week for #BrexitVote #BrexitDeal #Brexit #BrexitChaos then email me now at &gt; dtm_1996 .co.uk
EU confirms no UK MEPs means default Brexit 2 July latest. New ref ruled out by timescale via
This. When the inevitable new party is formed, only the extreme tribalists will give their votes to either or for decades after the way they have behaved over Brexit.
In an act of cruel trickery and game-playing, this has just been sneaked out:
Michael Gove warns ‘winter is coming’ if MPs vote down Brexit deal tonight in bizarre interview
Stocks tripped by earnings angst, sterling huddled for Brexit vote
Complete lies. Labour voters don't vote for Labour/ Marxist Party now. only the delegates at the conference voted for overturning the Brexit vote. REAL Labour people in Labour constituencies voted for Brexit. This undemocratic lot are a disgrace to ordinary lifelong Labour folk.
LIVE: PM vows to respond 'quickly' as she faces huge #Brexit deal defeat
Where are OUR ASSETS? #MeaningfulVote #Brexit
Global stocks tripped by earnings angst, sterling huddled for Brexit vote
‘sneaks out’ £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit Vote. It's the least those Stupid Brexidiots deserve says #SpreadShitePhil
Just in case you missed it. Actual footage of 's interview with on importing meat products after #Brexit. A masterclass in professional journalism.
#Brexit: Theresa May faces 'meaningful vote' on her deal
`bbcnews Mark carney to assist our bought and paid for "government" in its struggle with brexit and what terror he might say it will hold up until 2020. The preferred tory version of the EU.
Do you honestly believe that the British people will vote Labour in, so that Jeremy Corbyn can traipse over to Brussels and start the Brexit negotiation process all over again?
So succinct &amp; so true. Example No 894 of Brexit delusions? #PeoplesVote
Don’t blame Brexit for UK economic wobbles, says ‘Mr Copper’
And this is why any Brexit must be opposed. Even if Labour were in power, what's to stop the Conservatives getting in to power again and getting on with their plans then?
“Inadequate British negotiators” And there’s me being told us brits are just naturally superior and brexit will unleash our genius Stop talking Britain down, you traitor!
Juncker's Brexit letter ‘WORTHLESS’ - Jacob Rees-Mogg blasts EU chief’s response
UK is worried abt Brexit, US is facing a peaceful shutdown and EU are engaging the Brits regarding Brexit. The4, Zim should mind its own affairs cos everyone is busy fighting for their own economy.
Tories spend a decade destroying everything built up in this country last century, harm and it kill millions including our children, elderly, disabled and otherwise vulnerable, do a simple yes/no Ref to blame us for poor attempt at Brexit then put blame for all on this! Madness
Not Brexit-related... but who knows? Maybe some MPs will be doing the same this evening...
Quiz: how well have you been following Brexit? I only got 10/15, probably because I can't be bothered to listen to Brexiteers half the time. I got all the facts right!
But it this way. If I’d gone into a comma in January 2015 and woken up today... I might believe that Corbyn was leader of the opposition (just), that Brexit had happened &amp; that May was PM. I’d be most confused by the idea that Barry Gardiner was a leading opposition spokesperson.
While I’ve had an avid interest in brexit and realise the future of our country rests on the outcome. Well to a point. It is also reflecting away from other issues such as the huge numbers of homeless on our streets. Some that are dying so needlessly .
UTTERLY OUTRAGEOUS. #NoDeal was what we were told we would get if we voted to #Brexit A dark and shameful day for democracy and British politics. #parliament #BrexitDeal #BrexitVote
I’m sick to death of privileged middle class kids thinking they have the slightest clue what suffering is.
Ask Mrs May, she voted against the Welsh assembly after it was voted for by the people of Wales. Besides, checking back with the electorate on the nature of Brexit is logical. This is often how referenda for complex and major change issues work elsewhere; do your own goggling.
My afternoon sorted! #Brexit #BrexitVote
It really is the case that your constituents don't like TM's deal (myself included) Please bear that in mind when you vote tonight.
Ouch!
Letters: Brexit has turned into the British exit from civilised debate – the sooner we do away with it, the better
I think the vote should only go to people that agree with the snakes in charge!! Excuse my language, but it's a fucking disgrace. Always kinda knew 'democracy' was just a convenient word chucked about, but, if nothing else, Brexit is highlighting 'democracy' tis but a myth.
Arlene has exposed May's failure to fight for her country in delivering a positive Brexit.
Shove #Brexit up your arse
What Brexit means has never been agreed.
"Comprehenstive"
Why are MPs sitting in the aisles of the House of Commons when there are many empty seats on the benches? #brexit #parliament #houseofcommons #EUWithdrawalAgreementDebate
Today's the Brexit vote. When May's deal is voted down, Article 50 will need to be extended. Then we want a People's Vote.
A No-Deal Brexit does not mean going global, it would mean going globule! A useless, drop-out globule.
It’s happened. I met the lovely woman behind Brexit pottery - produced in Stoke- Harriet Coles. She even made me read the Brexit tea leaves live on in her exquisitely crafted Uncertain-Tea cup. I saw the NHS, WTO, No Deal, and economy?! I promised photos
May have to reconsider my brexit position...
Dinna be messin with Jo Cherry QC part 43345 in a series.
The Brexit bus is calling us, Driver, where you taking us?
Not to the extent and with the ramifications of 'advisory' #brexit.
These amendments are a last-ditch attempt to get Theresa May’s Brexit deal over the line - she’s currently predicted to lose the vote by quite a margin. An audit by the Guardian predicts she will lose by 423 votes to 216.
Will the Brexit vote go through today. Are we scuppered What do you think?
Looking forward to my long weekend in the smoke great fun attacks with machetes abused by right wing facists stabbed if you accidentally go down the wrong street think I'll give Les miserables a miss I'm miserable enough at the thought of brexit anyway
He says this as he plays in the playground and looking more like an actor trying for an Oscar than delivering a speech. He's supposed to be a QC - his speech is lacking in facts and legal advice. More Brexit fun.
Then I think you're an idiot. I see Brexit as being nothing but detrimental to my daughter's future, as does she and as do all her 20-something friends and colleagues!
Hear hear...
MPs justifying their vote for this capitulation because it 'ensures Brexit happens' are deceived or deceiving. Almost all the arguments against the EU are even stronger against this 'Hotel California' acquiescence to EU anti-democratic and protectionist abuse of power
‘How Theresa May’s Brexit deal was killed off by her own incompetence’ ‘A better leader willing to bridge the two sides of the referendum could have avoided the prime minister’s catalogue of errors’
Doesn’t look so good on the side of a bus what lie will they try next time? The NHS? done that. Turkey? been there done that. #brexit a busted flush which will destroy the Tories - so that’s something positive for the country
London central #London #residential #property buyers are beginning to take advantage of Brexit uncertainty.
mars and onion crisp
. has tried her best &amp; therein lies the problem.
Headlines: Airbus Hamburg Airbus &amp; fear of Brexit &amp; fear of a production stop. Interview with T. Enders Chief Exec. Officer. (Every year, Airbus purchases goods worth £ 6 billion from British suppliers) This could changed after Brexit...
The government should just let Geoffrey Cox speak more often. He just dismissed all the myths about the deal and if any iteration of this deal is passed will be thanks to him. #Brexit
It has come as far as me seeing the Tories in this picture thinking they got the EU by its throat but it is really Putin hovering contently in the background. #Brexit
Unite has launched a specialist helpline to assist migrant workers concerned about immigration issues as the UK leaves the European Union. #brexit #unitetheunion
Doesn’t suprise me at all she’s been underhand and sneaky right thro this lot we thought she was ‘playing her cards close to her chest’ and she would only say ‘brexit means brexit’ she is downright devious
A variety of views held on the College Green backbenches #Brexit
Speaker Bercow removing from consideration the amendments that were most likely to pass has made a clean vote on Theresa May's deal increasingly likely. #Brexit
Are we supposed to believe that the EU that for decades has been meddling in the affairs of its members and imposing idiotic policies on them while it took more and more sovereignty from them is not involved in undermining #Brexit ? Whom is the British media kidding?
No offence but guy fawkes should have never of failed to blow parliament up, it was a democracy no this decision, Absolute joke #brexit
Final day of Brexit debate in UK parliament ahead of deal vote | LIVE via
#geoffreycox selling #brexit deal by arguing that we agree with 95% of its content. Perhaps he's happy with builders not doing 5% of the work. Or the shopworker whose contract involves getting 5% below the minimum wage. #MeaningfulVote #TheresaMay
Yea I wanna live in the version of the universe where HRC is president and the Brexit vote never happened!
You already know how today's Brexit vote is going to end, but how does this #alternatehistory end when 20th century British politics is shattered by first, second, unto seventeenth contact? #KindleUnlimited #selfpublishing
Tories have a new metaphor for #Brexit we the people don’t remember seeing ‘Airlock’ on the ballot paper? Another fanciful use of silly political language dodging real issues - how will an Airlock prevent no hard border in Ireland? #RevokeA50
This is funny. A bit of light relief from #Brexit
People are pointing out the major differences between Brexit in 2016 and Brexit in 2019 - and no one is impressed
That's odd, I was going to say exactly the same about Mrs May, who doesn't want to leave the EU and will NOT deliver it!
Regardless your position. One true BREXIT fact stands out . It's how corrupt our Parliament in Westminster is. No matter the party . It is a place of greed and debauchery, sponsored by the taxes of the poor. THIS HAS TO STOP !
I am sorry to hear that. You clearly have a genuine grievance though Blair could have limited EU migration within the rules but chose not to. If #Brexit depresses the economy then that may adversely affect your business also. I hope it doesn't. All the best to you.
Still No Trades. Waiting On Brexit Vote. Staying On Sidelines Til Then. Next Update Tom Morning 10AM
Exactly. Brexit - hurts the many, not the few.
Still No Trades. Waiting On Brexit Vote. Staying On Sidelines Til Then. Next Update Tom Morning 10AM
Wow! Based on this tweet, you've convinced me that I made the wrong choice by voting leave! (NOT!)
Revoke Article 50 which could help
Couldn't have anticipated this...
What about UK's claim to EU assets such as buildings and investment. The withdrawal agreement does not mention anything about what EU owes #Brexit #NoDealBrexit
“The Brexit Monologues”, narrated by Geoffrey Cox A fantastic performance of illusions, wherein one almost believes that chaos is what will follow as opposed to what we are actually living in right now #BrexitVote
Stocks tripped by earnings angst, sterling huddled for Brexit vote
I with I thought you were right. If anything was ready to die it is brexit, but May doesn't do logic or accepting the inevitable.
Let's not forget how we are constituted #Brexit
"We have made Europe, now we must make Europeans." As a Canadian, maybe the reason I'm so transfixed by Brexit is because I've seen the benefits of being in the EU, and I'm jealous AF.
Brexit does not mean #Communism!
Brexit could be a good excuse to kick the bucket, me thinks.
If they don’t deliver a real Brexit it won’t matter. Corbyn will get in.
Tory Brexit lies summed up in 9 words.. " has secured the best possible #Brexit deal"
British Lawmakers to Vote on Brexit Deal
Brexit: Voting down Theresa May’s deal is in national interest – Ian Murray MP #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote #RevokeA50
You are getting better at lying over the months, maybe your leader has taught you a good few things. This #Brexit ambition is nothing of a sort Philip
David Squires on … football spying and Neil Warnock's Brexit views Perfect as usual.
Brexit McBrexitface.
The so called bright future after #Brexit -What bright future-? Humans will adjust, air, what planet do they think the general public our on- it’s all about now nothing more- &amp; sitting there like a nodding away like a duck to water-
What time is the Brexit 'meaningful vote' in Parliament tomorrow, and what will happen if Theresa May's deal is rejected? I assume this vote is only "meaningful" and not legally binding etc
I've registered from abroad make sure you're registered too #PeoplesVote #GeneralElection #Brexit
March the 29th is #BrexitDay. Brits waited 9 months for #article50 to be used &amp; another 2 years to quit. We won’t stand for it to be delayed any more. If politicians still can’t deliver #Brexit after all this time they must be sacked &amp; replaced. They’ve had more than enough time!
Theresa May Faces Worst Government Defeat in 95 Years Over Brexit - Bloomberg
#Brexit My overriding impression of this monumental day in #British #History? None of the #politicians #partypolitics &amp; the #media are very good, are they! LET COMMON SENSE RULE, OKAY?
LOL #Brexit panic! Now bacon Darbies are under threat Desperate much? Hard Brexit to hit Danish bacon, butter exports to Britain - OECD via
This is one of the clearest explanations of a cards on the table guide to the #Brexit omnishambles - thank you : Brexit vote: What could happen next?
the UK is a Services dominated economy (80%). WTO does not govern Services, only products. Please ask your expert how Services would be dealt with under no deal Brexit.
Currently wearing an ECG for 24 hours due to hypertension and palpitations etc. Gone from marathon running to heart attack fodder in a year. (Eat yer greens folks!) Should be interesting to see what the readout is around the time of the vote tonight. #Brexit
#CAGEurope Wells Fargo quarterly revenue falls 5 percent #ReutersCES #EU #BusinessNews #Finance #Brexit
Yes - your man got a kicking. Look forward to the rematch #OBINGO
Banks warn of 1930s-style 'catastrophe' after a #nodeal #Brexit
And am guessing they don’t earn the required £30k per annum. Another Brexit policy not thought through.....
Stocks tripped by earnings angst, sterling huddled for Brexit vote [RTR
As one who lived in Dublin while the troubles were on and as one who visited Northern Ireland on occasions (as a child), I wasn’t imagining a customs border which was well and truly in place and significant checks of contents of vehicles took place. #Brexit
And people in these times of Brexit wonder why May and the rest think they can lie publically and get away with it, we British have previous form ;)
If this were the Us cue jokes about police and doughnuts
The Attorney General would be very skilled in court defending someone who was guilty, he'd probably win the case on technicalities, but this is Parliament &amp; signing a 'Blind Brexit Plan' would be irresponsible &amp; risk serious problems in the future. #Parliament #BrexitVote
The EU wouldn’t be deliberately holding up supplies. That would be the ‘government’ carrying out Brexit against the majority’s wishes. As you have presumably not seen government’s own warnings, and those of professional bodies, I’ve been tweeting a few citations in response.
BBCNEWS 5:31am BREXIT DEAL VOTE '. Meaningful vote expected around 8pm this evening; I BREXIT DEAL VOTE. SNP amendment rejecis deal...
Well, considering that his is just one voice among all this chaff from the other Leave campaigners saying it wasn't, who should you believe? And then they started o this whole tautological "Brexit means Brexit" BS which answered no questions &amp; left everything up to interpretation
Stocks tripped by earnings angst, sterling huddled for Brexit vote Spluttering noises from Germany and an earnings miss from banking giant JP Morgan dragged back stocks on Tuesday, while Britain's pound hovered near a two-month high ahead of a crucial parliamentary vote on B…
it has nothing to do with her beliefs, it's to do with her position at the head of the globalist table in the EU with Merkel, Macrron, Tusk and Junkers she is interested in, which means after she has given away our sovereignty, she will still control us
Brexit: Your simple guide to the UK leaving the EU - or ‘how it all started...’ Once upon a time ... #BrexitVote
All-Day Brexit
It's not a choice between May's Bad Deal &amp; No Deal. Both make us poorer, surely you won't vote for that? This whole #brexit farce is based on lies &amp; corruption, surely you don't want to be associated with that? A lot of polling suggests the people now want to #remain. Please?
Doesn't matter. Since she is a Muslim she will be in family way soon for family planning is haram for them. Multiplication for speedy realisation of a global caliphate is halal and a pious act in the service of Islam. #Brexit #NationalApprovalRatings
Lots of action at Westminster today. #Brexit
The irony being if Blair's government had brought in PR we probably wouldn't have had this Tory government or Brexit. Labour are the real Tory enablers.
Eurobites: UKCloud Seeks to Make Hay From Post-Brexit Mayhem #networks #networkscomms #networking
EU confirms no UK MEPs means default Brexit 2 July latest. New ref ruled out by timescale via
I think both sides have controlled opposition. State sanctioned protests to vent frustrations &amp; divide &amp; rule. But there are real people in yellow vests that are not part of either side. Labelling them all fascist is wrong. Some are genuine, they will grow if Brexit is stopped.
Beats watching the Great Brexit debate.
How do MPs actually vote? Take the behind-the-scenes tour of the Commons ahead of crunch Brexit decision
If you’re a Graphic Designer in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a failure for you. If you live in the South East of England then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this crisis! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
she didn't exactly come put her own party confidence vote glowing. I'm sure there's a growing number of Tories that would rather in opposition than be driving the Brexit bus anymore
#Europe: UK: Cabinet heads to Downing St. for final meeting ahead of Brexit vote
Attorney General Geoffrey Cox: "We are playing with peoples' lives" Yes, you are. "We cannot underestimate the complexity of what we are embarked upon doing" No-one in Remain underestimated the complexity of Brexit. Brexit is a costly, complex nightmare. Bin it. #BrexitVote
It went straight in the bin.
James, this isn’t Brexit. It’s an open ended licence for the EU to beat us into submission in perpetuity. Open your eyes man!
My Labour MP is great, committed remainer and backing a people's vote. 20 yrs of voting only Labour but if there's a GE, she won't get my vote whilst JC is leader and backing Brexit.
No it doesn't. #disgraceful that #jaguar are relocating to EU #EU will still dictate #nomoreEUbullies #brexitmeansbrexit #nodeal better than #baddeal
I've just watched the news about Brexit. I feel your pain after 5 minutes of watching those Muppets in the commons.
Hard Brexit to hit Danish bacon, butter exports to Britain: OECD - CreaWorldNews -
Reuters: Stocks tripped by earnings angst, sterling huddled for Brexit vote
Put that in black and white, with the bell effect it would look like a scene from a horror film #BREXIT
Please do the maths and co EU confirms no UK MEPs means default Brexit 2 July latest. New ref ruled out by timescale via
No Brexit isn't an issue at all for the EU, it is a purely political issue for the UK. The EU will not give up on the backstop, because the interests of a member state are more important to them than the interests of the leaving member.
AG making all the arguments against Brexit... in support of their flavour of Brexit. To crash out would be "height of irresponsibility", so they want MPs to vote for May's marginally-less-high deal. 'Do we opt for order or do we choose chaos?' via
agreed, then we can stop brexit. thanks Jacob for supporting #PeoplesVote .
The Rule of Laugh, at last. Here's the ultimate key to decypher &amp; enjoy our tragic, absurd &amp; utterly silly #Brexit / #Trump / #KimJongun times (PS the dog sums it up, , but who's curbing the humans?)
"Germany says Brexit talks could be reopened if Theresa May's deal is voted down" - Germany didn't say that. Heiko Maas was clear in saying: "The WA stands as it is. If there were a better solution, one would have put it on the table already."
#AttorneyGeneral is chatting like he is in #pantomime #ItisNot #ItisNot #ItisNot Just tell us all, (what we all know to be true!) that brexit will be the straw that breaks the camels back. (The camels being the UK!) No one in Scotland will trust a unionist party ever again! #FACT
It’s not Trump! Trump hasn’t rioted 10 weeks in France or not exited with the Brexit. Caravans are a Globalist problem! Trump along with the world want their countries back! Is your neighborhood safer than it was 10yrs ago?
Does she really mean #clustershambles?
Final Results from a small minority of people, even still suggests that there is not a lot of appetite for Theresa May's deal. However, there is a larger appetite to remain a member of the European Union. Something that is emulated through other polls! #Brexit
EU confirms no UK MEPs means default Brexit 2 July latest. New ref ruled out by timescale via
Brexit, Steve King, Carol Channing: Your Tuesday Briefing
I have a feeling we are in for an interesting day regarding brexit maybe a certain someone resigning
15 Jan 2019 Today's Economic &amp; #Commodity #Futures Perspectives admin's picture admin 0 Market reaction to today's Brexit vote depends on size of the defeat U.S. government shutdown continues even as the House votes today on a Feb 1 CR PPI...
My view on #brexit today #makeitstop
Excellent stuff from Fintan O’Toole: ‘There is a deeper contradiction at work: Brexit seeks to make history by unmaking history. In the imagination of its leaders and supporters, history both ended and began on June 23rd, 2016’
I sincerely hope that MPs vote against this Brexit deal tonight. It's a bad deal for the country. I'd rather leave with no deal than with the deal that's on offer. I suspect they will vote against it anyway but I think it will be a lot closer than suspected. #BrexitVote
This isn't true, is it Jacob? You personally will get a good deal wealthier with #Brexit, but don't pretend it will benefit the rest of us.
Richard Leonard, leading the Scottish public as the current FM and previous to her last FM rage in a civil war. Theresa May, has no where to hide she will not contest another election and when she losses her Brexit deal tonight she must resign and call a general. Election.
Is it just me or are the M&amp;S stores planned for closure almost all in Brexit supporting areas? #MarksAndSpencer
No point, All Labour wants is an election, they've deliberately disrupted brexit right from the start, just bloody minded politics. Like a bunch of kids that don't get their own way for the past two years. Pathetic idiots, messing with our democratic rights. OUT MEANS OUT!!
Yes, revoke Article 50.
Brexit ??????? The has put together a risk register and checklist to help businesses prepare for the change and to assess the progress of the negotiations.
I believe the betrayal of Brexit has been a conspiracy! And May has been at the centre of it!
There are wider issues that have caused the high street to become infested with betting and charity shops. Try the rise of the monster supermarkets that dot the local areas. This has nothing to do with Brexit, its all to do with fat payouts that local councils receive in return
Parliamentary Brexit vote primarily about the political class, analyst says Eric Lonergan, macro fund manager at M&amp;G, discusses the upcoming vote in parliament on Theresa May's Brexit agreement.
Will The PM’s survive tonight? #brexit
15yr GlenFid And Brexit talk while sitting in an airport lounge about to embark on my 30hr tour back to HTown
Yes. But I'd also expect a PM to be honest: PM Cameron said we'd have WTO Brexit on 24th June 2018 when he addressed the nation from Downing St on 21/6/16. THAT is what 17.4 million voted for. As for the Remain voters - who knows WHAT they wanted, as it was NEVER spelled out?
Stopping brexit all together is in the national interest.
When the PM’s deal is voted down, a vote of No Confidence must take place. If that doesn’t result in a general election, then we must press for a #PeoplesVote. Labour supporters and members want a #FinalSay on #Brexit.
John Longworth, Co-Chairman of Leave Means Leave, actually comes out &amp; says around the 19 min 10 sec mark of the C4 video “Of course there will be disruption [with #Brexit], but disruption is opportunity”. #DisasterCapitalism playing with people’s lives.
It’s had a profound effect on the mental health of the country...#brexit #wato #bbcwato
Brexit debate: Geoffrey Cox is talking airlocks now. I'll get me coat ...
Meanwhile, over at #brexit
. highlights UK Govt's backstop would mean fish landed in Northern Ireland would have advantageous terms for sale in EU over Scottish landed fish.Quite right to expect Mundell to resign as he said he would if backstop gave Scotland &amp; NI different conditions. #Brexit
Which is why May's deal is essentially offering us a blind Brexit - we have no idea at this point what the future UK / EU relationship will be.
This is a cracker of a Maybot poke: "Earlier, May told her cabinet that “the government is the servant of the people”. " Pass the sick bag, please. Brexit amendment that might have limited PM's losses is rejected
If her Brexit deal fails, a no confidence motion might help Theresa May | Spectator USA
May Never wanted Brexit , they been sitting on their hands for 2 years agreeing with Barnier,s Version to keep him sweet
Brexit: How the pound might react to parliament's crunch vote via
8% want a second referendum #Peoplesvote #BrexitVote
There's a lot to unpack there,. But see others are running with the airlock thing. Brexit: Touching the Void.
woman arent very well suited for leaders ,sorry girls but You dont know how to take the hard line and stand on it... #MAGA
Any chance, Jeremy, of asking more interesting, and less loaded, PRO Brexit discussions? Do at least pretend to be neutral rather than your siren tones of “I love the EU” emanating from your privileged and elite position. It might just be better journalism.
i’m attempting to watch the brexit vote stream right now but it’s all complete bollocks &amp; they’re using posh words to try and make themselves sound more clever
Brexit vote; Bank earnings; China stimulus Beijing announced 1.3 trillion yuan ($193 billion) worth of new measures designed to stimulate the economy, including tax cuts for small businesses and reduced tariffs.
Giving birth to one party, both intent on derailing Brexit.
The scenes right now. #london #brexit #protest #leave #remain
Backstop is soooooo yesterday. It's all about the airlock now. #Brexit
#MPs are meant to represent the people. Instead of doing their job MP’s are too busy sabotaging Brexit &amp; ignoring the public’s democratic vote. If Parliament can’t hold up their end of the deal, why should Brits? If Brexit is not delivered perhaps we should boycott paying taxes?
any of yous doing a livestream about the vote on the brexit deal because I can't stand watching the BBC or Sky News or any the mainstream Media
Absolutely agree! Well said Tracy
If only the would appoint a brexit cabinet, do away with their remain indefinitely strategy and get back to honouring UK democracy, they'd be in a far healthier position with a strategy that works.
Democracy is not a simple 1st past the post it has to be much more inclusive than that
EU confirms no UK MEPs means default Brexit 2 July latest. New ref ruled out by timescale | The SKWAWKBOX
What a surprise. Not.
The only way to resuscitate a hard Brexit would be a general election, as only way it's possible is May being replaced by a hard-Brexiteer and them winning a decent majority in an election.
I think desperation is creeping in , the EU need us , but WE do not need the EU, Europe is so much more without these corrupt EU self serving Dictators
He stands to make a lot of money out of Brexit. Not saying that’s the reason though...
’decided democratically’ - with 3 weeks (probably) in which to write, publish &amp; campaign for a Manifesto before the vote. What utter dishonest bullshite from on its # Brexit policy
David Squires on … football spying and Neil Warnock's Brexit views
A big day today! What are you hoping the outcome of today's #brexit vote will be?
I can’t stand that woman. She’s an elitist feminist remainer that essentially thinks all Brexit voters are the devil.
Stop spouting this nonsense. Clean sharp Brexit before any deal negotiations. The EU will come knocking with their begging bowl.
“Airlock” means a device which permits the passage of people and objects between a pressure vessel and its surroundings - sounds like #FreedomOfMovement to me. #Airlock #Brexit
Tim Farron on the Brexit debate: It's time to call a halt to physical and verbal intimidation
Stocks tripped by earnings angst, sterling huddled for Brexit vote
But Job first Brexit is just a sound bite when there will be job losses after Brexit even with Labour in Govt I don't believe in imaginary friend in sky
brexit is so embarrassing lol
Theresa May is a hardline remainer full stop pretending she wants Brexit. She’s also a proven liar.
#MyFirstConcertWas The Smiths at the Hacienda but surely #Brexit, the #BrexitVote and a #PeoplesVote with the option to #Remain is something we should now be focusing on to try and put an end to the mess we now face.
Note to self. Do not talk about Brexit at work. Baddddd idea!
Oh shit is the brexit vote today?
This speech by is succinct, fierce, and brilliant. He has emerged as a peerless Labour MP over the last year and I have high hopes that he will continue to be one of the MPs who will work with us on countering austerity and cruelty as well as opposing Brexit.
News before it happens .....
Geoffrey Cox is basically Brian Blessed with less beard and more Brexit. #brexitvote
So out of three of the four amendments of Brexit. Are called Amendment A Amendment K Amendment B ....... not something I’d expect to see in british politics
For example.
A good day to revisit on the #brexit end game:
The pair of them don’t really have to worry themselves about Brexit because they have a millionaire life style unlike most normal people
She voted for a referendum without a threshold, without arguing prior to the vote what Brexit would mean in practice and to trigger Article 50. I think we have heard quite enough of her.
What is the likelihood of the first 2 amendments passing? If one does, is it game over already for May's deal before getting to the main vote? Theresa May’s Brexit deal finally goes to vote in Parliament, with defeat all but certain via
Brexit Vote: Theresa May’s Last Pleas and What Happens After Brexit Vote
Tuesday US briefing: Trump's rhetoric jars with reality of border life: Theresa May faces crushing Brexit deal defeat in parliament ... Republicans condemn Steve King for ‘offensive’ comments ... Trump plans… #TheResistance #ImpeachTrump #NotMyPresident
Tonight is the 'big vote', so what are the potential risks to your company when it comes to #brexit? , we specialise in identifying, mitigating and reducing business #risk. Here is our take on brexit proceedings.
Conspiracy theory. reporter believes Brexit vote result was already agreed in 2015. What do or think?
Brexit: May faces heavy defeat in crucial vote despite last-minute plea to MPs
So apparently 59% of British people think colonialism was a good thing??? Now I understand how Brexit happened tbh.
China hopes boost stocks, pound near two-month top before Brexit vote
Global stocks tripped by earnings angst, sterling huddled for Brexit vote #stopbrexit
If nothing else Geoffrey Cox has a great post-Brexit future doing audiobooks. That voice. #BrexitVote
Today I'm also keen to chat to anyone who's started hoarding in case of a No Deal Brexit #hoarders #hamsterhoarders #hamsterlists - get in touch/ RT! #journorequest
Media there in force today, and demonstrators, as Parliament gears up for vote on #Brexit deal.
A lot has changed since 2016 and Brexit has turned into a national embarrassment. please support giving the people the #FinalSay on Brexit, including the option to remain.
Anyone have a contemporary Brexit explainer that can help me understand what the %@! is going on? What's up with May's vote? What's between today and March 29th?
Any Remain voters wish to bet me, no horror or catastrophic events will befall you after Brexit? The political elite are playing you for a fool.
15 Jan 2019 Today's Economic &amp; #Commodity #Futures Perspectives admin's picture admin 0 Market reaction to today's Brexit vote depends on size of the defeat U.S. government shutdown continues even as the House votes today on a Feb 1 CR PPI expected …
In a GE, every party publishes a manifesto. There was no manifesto for #Brexit.
Still feeling both mortified and guilty about this. Wonder how Cameron’s feeling about Brexit...
This news was rather quietly announced last night - And people will still vote #Tory!! #NeverTrustATory #ToriesOut
Arlene would gladly put a 40ft wall among the border. The DUP are using Brexit to rip up the Good Friday Agreement. They claim to represent the people of NI but all they represent is bigotry, homophobia, xenophobia and bible thumping.
You can find the full IOOA report here:
What are saying Darren,? Do you not believe in the sovereignty of Parliament?
Brexit and the Irish border explained: why the headache is not going away any time soon #Concordia_POLI_IRST
Just a friendly reminder to my MP he should vote against the PM today. The best deal on the table is the one we already have. This man has said it better than anyone else.
I have said this for months. What we need right now is an effective opposition to the Tory Brexit strategy.. Corbyn is offering no alternative other than 'give us a chance and we will do it better' which is weak by anyone's standards. Only the Greens have a clear strategy.
Stand up to Trump abt shut down. Look@ polls. Rs blamed w/Trump but he's one who threatened months maybe a year. U need to save party from impulsive POTUS. There must be a large group of Rs who see writing on wall. Brexit failing. Trump similar. Get to him so he knows. Please
Across the UK concerns are being voiced over potential labour shortages post-Brexit, with strong warnings emerging from industries as diverse as health, hospitality &amp; farming. This is why we are calling on Government to #LiftTheBan on asylum seekers working. #LetThemContribute
Guy fawkes should have never of failed to blow up parliament, it was a democracy no? Absolute joke this brexit shit, people had their say, decision was made. Twats
Government ‘sneaks out’ £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote - The Independent
We’d love to hear what you think of our latest publication #insurance #Broking #yutreetoday #paper #newspaper #informative #yutree #brexit #motorsport #terrorism
Maybe it wouldn’t be a bad thing if the aeroplanes were grounded because of Brexit. If it means we get a break from this shit, that’s a good thing. First break in the clouds for days and this is what is above. This is not normal. &amp; it certainly ain’t water vapour
Because it was nonsense. If the backstop had a time limit, it would not be a backstop. #Brexit
Yes, after Brexit has been implemented. Then a political party can campaign for it in an election and if they win then have another vote. That's democracy.
Will the PM’s deal survive tonight ? #brexit
LIVE: Theresa May's Brexit battle: Speaker John Bercow screws the government by ignoring the amendments it favours.
FUCKING THREAD!!
what the hell do you care about people anyway,if lifes meen so nuch then stop the homeless dieing on our sweets and help them,damn brexit
Every version of #Brexit makes us permanently worse off. The only choice between them is the extent to which they do it.
A future PM, I would vote for
Everyone always says this before they are punched in the face
As a lad born, educated in Birkenhead I sympathise. I came to London for Uni &amp; stayed here (with interludes abroad). Increasingly rare visits to my ‘home’! Until once great shipbuilding/industrial towns like Birkenhead have a future stuff like Brexit will happen.
The #Brexit countdown is on. Just 73 days to go #IndependenceDay but #PrimeMinister you have let 17.4 million voters down. Leave means LEAVE not have one foot in the door... let’s just be-gone &amp; be done with, now close the door once &amp; for all so we can tell the #EU to f*^k off
Your country will thank you one day. I do now.
Sanders more realistic comparison to Corbyn. Trump symptom of disenfranchisement as is Brexit. Do a politics/sociology course, may help your understanding.
Brexit is like a forced divorce for me. I never asked for it and was quite happily married, and like any marriage there were flaws and arguments, but none that made me think we should separate. #BrexitVote
I can believe the not blinking. I can’t believe the pushing the country over a cliff when she voted r3msin
Today's the day we find out. #BrexitVote #Brexit #BrexitDeal
If #TheresaMay stays after this no PM in future will be able to scare the MPs of their party into voting for them for fear of bringing down the government. An unintentional boost to #parliamentarysovereignty?
Well at least after #Brexit we can import all the #Hamberders we could ever want, infused with ’s personal hormones
The original Brexit 10,000 years ago #meaningful #vote
NO ITS BECAUSE YOU DIDNT BELIEVE HARD ENOUGH. EVERY TIME A FACT IS PUBLISHED A BREXIT FAIRY DIES!!!
#AttourneyGeneral saying that the best thing for nations is to have cordial relationships based on co-operation with their neighbours. If only there was a union of European countries we could be a part of to promote that. What a crazy idea that must seem. #Brexit
Thank you!
Nope. There will be far, far less money and jobs to go round if Brexit is allowed to occur. Decades of progress will be wiped out, voluntarily by the nation. Other countries will, justifiably, laugh at us.
's #solidarity with &amp; &amp; &amp; and all of #the5million means so much to us!
9:00 London time is the BREXIT vote!
"Passion comes from perseverance" And in this world of instant gratification and "Respawn" everytime things don't go our way, can we expect the future to be a passionless, sterile lab? #RunByChefs4Chefs #ChefLife #SuperStarStaff #ChefJobs #ArmyOfChefs
What Brexit has exposed beyond doubt is this. The UK is not a Democratic construct it is a crime syndicate run along mafiaso lines.
Someone just blinked (BMW, Audi, Mercedes, VW etc., just booted his door in, more like)
It is totally undemocratic to be bullied by politicians! What happens After Brexit (due to future mounting Economic pressures)? Well, returning to the European block with all of today's current benefits in trade etc., will no doubt require the UK to adopt the Euro! #PeoplesVote
no i not brexit i freedom
I see Geoffrey Cox the Attorney General is in full throat again. I say we ask Brian Blessed to play him in the eventual and essential "Brexit and the Airlock of Chaos" in the coming years. #WithdrawalAgreement
You don’t have a clue Kier, about #Brexit!
Oh let me bet my life away on Brexit odds
I liked a video Collins: "Very nasty of May to say that #Brexit would be frustrated"
New post: "Stocks tripped by earnings angst, sterling huddled for Brexit vote"
Brilliant.
Brexit amendment that might have limited PM's losses is rejected
Einstein left Europe because of German facist ideology - much like what the EU is today. Einstein would have supported Brexit. E(u)=M(uch) C(orruption) 2
#love that the EU think the vote could 'go wrong - wrong for whom?!? EU 'ready for new Brexit talks with May'
Actually it is quite simple: no deal, no Brexit, introduce euro etc. and become a real part of Europe. (Drive left if you must.) #BrexitVote #Brexit
I have family and friends in Yorkshire and understand the mentality. Brexit is a disaster for them and their children (loss of rights). This point needs to be made. I'll not support any Labour leader who backs it. We have to win the argument and then tackle underlying issues.
Those are not statements that the SNP prefer a Tory government. That's just nonsense. I doubt there will be a general election and even if there was, Corbyn won't get in, we'd have a hung parliament with zero consensus on a Brexit deal. Second ref is the only option.
Well, he asked him if the fella Mogg claimed was right about everything was right about the catastrophic effect a no deal Brexit would have on farming. it was a simple yes or no answer unless you think he should have given Mogg a free pass. Were you not listening?
MPs to vote on 'right to terminate' Irish backstop as Bercow selects amendments to tonight's Brexit vote
Word. ( )
There is a strong possibility that should the current lot of MPs try to stop BREXIT... they may not be there at the next election... instead it may be full of UKIP MPs who WOLL deliver Brexit...just a thought .... from one of the 17 million who voted to leave....
Let’s not mix up rejecting the current deal with rejecting Brexit...
I'm sorry, a what? A cluster shambles? Cluster. Shambles. I'm never voting Lib Dem ever again.
For those who can still bear more talking about this... #GoingMad #Brexit #debate #LIVE: "MPs discuss Theresa May’s deal for the final day." via
BBC News - Brexit: Theresa May faces 'meaningful vote' on her deal
So what do people on the UK's most "pro-Brexit" estate think about what's going on today? Fascinating piece here from
Seems to me that Mr Cox is happy to navigate the UK onto the Brexit rocks. We need to go full steam ahead for independence. We must break free from Westminster's (broken) anchor chains !!
B-Day
No-deal Brexit will kill startups, say eco-coffee capsule firm bosses
Indeed and you are right I give credit where is done he did a lot for animals when he was one of the Brexit ministers that helped to cause the situation in which is now. Now he is saying Britain should go to Norway model . He changes as the wind
Theresa May vows to fight on for Brexit deal (Sub)
At least she had a go, what have you and your party done for the people who voted for Labour, 61% voted foe Brexit, 61%and yet you all chose to go against our decide to breakclean from Europe, those of you who had majority towards Brexit, watch out hope they vote you all out.
Insidious political programming suggesting that the British have a right to do anything they want on the 'continent' forever. every day on TV for many hours. But after Brexit, the British will no longer get a Place in the Sun.
The only certainty is that we would become the lackies of EU, subjugated and powerless to leave. The worst of all worlds. Staying in as bloody difficult people would be better than May’s attrocious deal.
Heard or seen nothing on the Brit media, it seems though that Japanese car makers have been having discussions with an undisclosed EU country to move there after Brexit! Seems many UK owned banks and insurance companies have applied for trade licences in Germany and France.
The Brexit O'clock has arrived. Let us see what happens. #BrexitVote
As there will be no further talks, what do they want to reopen talks about now??
But what about Brexit? Do you honestly believe that Labour, in office, could deliver on all their promises whilst simultaneously delivering Brexit? I don’t.
President Macron suggested he'd force the UK to remain in the Backstop unless French fishermen are given full access to British waters.
Just when you thought that Brexit was about taking control from foreign influence, here's a clip of Farage thanking Bannon for Brexit disappears from Breitbart
Shame as the PM wants the opposite
It's Brexit decision day as UK Parliament will hold key vote on PM's bill #cnn
Very, very troubling. Don't let items like this be swept under the Brexit carpet.
The streets around Parliament are packed with protesters, flags and lots of different views #brexitvote #brexit
I doff my cap to thee. Funny how all Brexit arguments flounder under any kind of persistent sunlight.
Eurogroup chief sees room for more talks to avoid hard Brexit
Everything you need to know about Theresa May's Brexit Withdrawal Agreement
LIDINGTON: I think Cox is REALLY regretting that airlock metaphor now. GOVE: i CErtAINLy aM GRAYLING: I thought today was Brexit HAMMOND: It is Chris. GRAYLING: So why is everyone asking questions about airlocks now? MAY: Because fuck. My. Life.
Well, who’s stupid now? #brexit
UK parliament holds Brexit debate before crucial vote #cnn
“We won’t call a vote of no confidence to be defeated like SNP” says Labour who will be defeated upon calling a vote of no confidence. And who also don’t have an agreed or sellable Brexit offer either. An election is last thing the country needs.
Boris Johnson, the man who would be king, up until recently claimed a hard Brexit is the only way forward if a Canada + deal is not adopted..... .... Now supporting NO HARD BREXIT is shamelessly pretending he's nothing to do with "deep state" by placing THAT hat on remainers!
Decision time as British lawmakers vote on Brexit deal - NNU POST
May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails? by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE
- in layman’s terms, is there any reason we can’t hard border Brexit and ask the EU to come up with their own solution? Yes, 52% of us voted to Leave, but a hard Irish border is as problematic their side than ours? #brexit
What’s happening with Brexit ? all for it ?
Boris Johnson yesterday claimed that the Public would believe there's a deep state conspiracy to prevent Brexit. The statement was headlined across broad sheets, tabloids, MSM, social media..... world media. Everywhere.
Just a shame there seem to be so many different kinds of Brexit tin .... and you can’t agree on which one you want to use.
Here’s how history will remember YOU, Theresa: NHS Crisis Schools Crisis Brexit ruinous Great STATE PENSION ROBBERY! Prison Crisis Food bank use UP Homelessness UP Poverty UP Increase in debt Ruinous Brexit Austerity Racism Hostile Environment
These ninny - namby tories sound like turkeys voting for Christmas! Bring on Brexit and sweep the dust of these remainer things into the gutter! LW
That's not surprising. Boris Johnson, advocate of a corporate friendly ISDS empowered TTIP, previous Remainer and now fake Brexiteer..... ....has linked up with campaign manager guru, Sir Lynton Crosby. PR manipulator extraordinaire.
The management lesson is that being determined on a strategy is an insufficient condition for its successful execution. CEOs, please read this. It's short.
Nigel Green: UK financial assets and pound will rally if PM gets her way on Brexit – The UK Newspaper
Fuck off you prick
A Brexit deal, Stoke Newington style: Pizzeria pledges 25% off for anyone who writes to their MP backing second referendum
Overall the markets show odds of passing the Brexit Withdrawal Agreement at the first vote are about 50/1 *against*: betting on `no' will get you 2p for every £1 wagered.
‘I’d vote Leave again, but it’s a mess’: Blackpool voters give their verdict on Theresa May’s Brexit deal. |
Looks like the UK is going to end up in this weird limbo of voting down the Brexit deal combined with removing the chance of a no-deal Brexit. These two concepts seem incompatible. What happens when an unstoppable force hits an immovable object?
Geoffrey Cox on fishing is peak #brexit surrealism.
Fantastic to see so many MPs on Twitter declaring they will vote against the government's #Brexit deal. Let's get this right. #DemocracyInAction
Forget Brexit, could the next big decision be....Earth-xit?
May said accepting the Withdrawal Agreement would end the division and bring the country together. Cox is right. She has given the EU everything they want and gotten nothing in return, so her deal means this BrExit chaos will go on for years. Just get on with it. WTO BrExit
Ahead of Brexit, Transferwise applying for licence in Brussels #ERR
If you are unsure of what is going on with Brexit at the moment, give this article a read! #BrexitVote #BrexitChaos #EU #uk #questions #whatsgoingon
has TWO guests on who would not vote for any form of Brexit ever and so ignore the result of the ref completely. What is the point of having them on? #PoliticsLive
. to open Brussels office &amp; apply for European license in insurance policy against possible no-deal #Brexit #TopTrack250 #OTW
Well this retard better catch up fast because it looks like a hard Brexit will be coming soon
Did you watch that video of him banging on about money? He says IF the No Deal, Hard Brexit that he wants, turns out to be a bit bad, and he says he has no idea, then why should he personally resign? Why indeed? He'll need to be there telling you it's the EUs fault.
Donut #Brexit
The world won’t end is not really selling #brexit is it? Leaving on WTO terms will send many businesses over the edge, prices will rise because of the bureaucracy businesses will have to cope with, let alone tariffs, unemployment will increase, this country will be poorer.
the Atorney General is a good performer and speaker whatever ones view on Brexit
We could all do the conga or go on a jolly boys outing,or we could just stay in where it's warm &amp; have a nice Claret &amp; smile ruefully at what a pickle we're in.
Tuesday's Slipcase subscriber newsletter: featuring #Brexit #Automation #SharingEconomy
Really think now we should have another GE and ask permission to delay A50. Let each party present manifesto including Brexit intentions. Then whoever has clear majority will have a mandate. If hung parliament, then govt of national unity.
If you can’t respect the #Brexit vote you’re unfit to be in #Parliament. #MPs must remember they work for us. How dare they try to defeat the vote of 17.4m Brits they are meant to stand up for. MP’s are corrupt, elitist &amp; have total disdain for #voters. Unfit to serve the public!
MPs to vote on 'right to terminate' Irish backstop as Bercow selects amendments to tonight's Brexit vote
We have achieved amazing things in Europe. Unprecedented peace and cooperation, forged out of two destructive world wars. Brexit is a result of PAC which preys on those that lack neuroplasticity - the old and stupid.
Live webinar on 23 January: Learning from Carillion, Bracing for #Brexit: Strategies to Minimise Impact of Supply Chain Crises in 2019 and Beyond. Sign up is free. #procurement #supplychain #supplymanagement
New York Sun | Stephen MacLean: Is Britain Really Going to Leave? #Brexit #Brexiteer #StandUp4Brexit (via &amp; )
New poll finds 60% of the public backs People’s Vote
Good luck to the communities fighting this challenge!
hahahaaaaa!!! you can't tell if i am pro or anti EU?? your brain is really up your ass...what does #WTO #BREXIT mean to you? WHY BOATLOADS OF AFRICANS ARE SHIPPED INTO EUROPE THE KALERGI PLAN TO CREATE EURASIAN-NEGROIDS &amp; COMMUNISM
This just shows will always take the EUs side above UK. She cannot be trusted ever.
Don’t blame Brexit for UK wobbles, says ‘Mr Copper’
Well hopefully Brexit will be stopped, the pound will go up. Companies will start to reinvest in us. The car workers won’t lose their jobs. That will all be good news.
Wherein sums up most legislative “successes”
#NihalArthanayake bullying a pro-brexit guest on behalf of the British Brainwashing Corporation, right now, live on 5Live. Outrageous.
When is The PM going to leave . She &amp; only she can say her Brexit is the only 1 that matters . She is no better than Margaret Thatcher. She is showing the world that the United Kingdom are a laughing stock . GIVE IT UP &amp; BLOODY LEAVE before u are the WORST PM ever .
The #Europeans... The self-appointed #Globalists of the #EU Elite mourns those days when simple ordering another vote was the way to assure their electoral victory in politics. #Brexit #BrexitVote #BrexitDeal
Amazing. Bravo Chef !
Definitely going to lose!! Bad deal for #GreatBritain PEOPLE!
Anything in particular prompted this tweet...? #Brexit
Bias in presentation of Question. Should have been -"Which way is your MP is likely to vote in the hashed worst possible compromise Brexit vote?"
Ok, but I would imagine most other countries will look at the UK and the EU (post Brexit) and think the EU is bigger and more powerful than the UK. Especially if Scotland and NI leave the UK. But if that is not your perspective then so be it
Still waiting on a nat explaining how Brexit is bad but Scexit would be great?
Geoffrey Cox (AG) currently on Parliament TV showing his theatrical chops for a later career in the West End playing in Hamlet. Unfortunately Brexit is not a play where you can get your money back if you don't like the show.
The problem with Gove is he was always about Brexit 'light' and immediately after the referendum when faced with a real Brexit stabbed Boris in the back to stop any such thing.
Brexit deal: final day of Lords debate | House of Lords
What about revoke Article 50
Who do you think could have delivered the Brexit you thought you were getting?
What time is the Brexit vote? And more of your questions answered
Crikey
Minimum of 10 cats.
A tragic spectacle in the UK
What's the most likely scenario? Tuesday #F24Debate counts down to #BrexitVote
So Brexit hasn't even happened yet and we're already guarding food with machine guns?
The Big Brexit Vote
brexit is an absolute mess jesus christ
Brexit is the Australian word for breakfast
Had to switch off bbc talking politics today ;The smug face of Bernard Jenkin repeating all the sentences we're all word perfect in, and his self congratulatory tone*it's done*Brexit that is,just drive me crazy.
A No-Deal Brexit? Leaders Are Alarmed; Voters, Not So Much via
“The older Irish generation are worried about their status living in London after #Brexit.” Meet the London Irish who moved from Ireland in the 1950s. Hear their stories &amp; what they think of #Brexit from 2pm #BrexitDeal #BrexitShambles
I think all this Brexit escapade in the last few months has shown is that the Speaker has way too much power. That wpuld not have been good even if you had a totally impartial Speaker but with Bercow it's outrageous. (However, he *seems* to have been fair with his selection.)
17.4 million people disagree with you about #Brexit. I do agree, though, that we need to reform Parliament. FPTP must go, for a start: to be replaced by a sensible PR system such as MMP.
WATCH LIVE Final Brexit debate ahead of crucial vote.The UK Parliament is holding a final debate on Prime Minister Theresa May’s Brexit deal before a vote on the agreement. Theresa May is to take part in the debate.
it doesn't work! #PeoplesVote #Brexit #PoliticsLive #BrexitShambles #BrexitDeal
This is what some key figures are tweeting ahead of the Brexit vote via
#Brexit Turmoil Spurs #British #Investors to Buy #Gold, #RoyalMint Says via #TheresaMay #EU #volatility #coins #bars #preciousmetals
The latest The Scottish independence Daily! Thanks to #brexit #peoplesvote
Government ‘sneaks out’ £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote
Brexit doesn't fly
I loved before and this just makes me love her even more. The #BrexitDeal squanders the potential of #Brexit and that alone should be reason enough for MPs to vote it down. #MeaningfulVote
Don’t blame Brexit for UK economic wobbles, says ‘Mr Copper’
Don’t blame Brexit for UK wobbles, says ‘Mr Copper’
when will the pm admit the referendum was a fraud
They continuously tell us how angry Leavers will be if they don't get #Brexit but imagine the anger when the Unicorn turns out to be the rotting corpse of a donkey with an ice cream cone stapled to its head.
Britain's May faces defeat in parliament over Brexit plan
There's quite a hard-looking border in parts of inner-city Belfast still.
Boon? Or do you mean the result of a no deal Brexit? Unless you can move your financial assets around quickly. Always opportunities in an economic disaster.
I got 11/15, which isn't bad considering I've subconsciously repressed much of the last three years
Market report: UK stocks steady for now ahead of Brexit vote, 15 Jan 2019 09:24 | Shares Magazine:
Don’t forget the Biased Broad Casting ‘news’. Which pretty much starts every line with——in spite of brexit ( the sun came up this morning ) etc
Went outside to see the protesters &amp; found this is a pretty sobering reminder of the issues that are not being discussed because the country is tearing itself apart over Brexit.
It's not Brexit Britain most likely to have a recession. It's Germany
Get him off. #Brexit
Theresa May warns that a no-deal Brexit could lead to a united Ireland |
You will get your favorite logo only $ 5.Kindly contact.
Missed opportunity for a "The Great Brexit Swindle" placard.
THREAD: The Commons Speaker, John Bercow, has just selected four amendments to May's Brexit deal, which MPs will debate today. Here's the amendments explained...
And what happens if she does lose? We’ve skimmed through the options here with political experts.
With the Brexit due date less than three months away, ongoing political turmoil is making a no-deal Brexit look more and more likely
Posted...
Go get em Nigel. America is 100% behind you, Brexit and WTO!!!
Arlene would gladly put a 40ft wall along the border. The DUP are using Brexit to rip up the Good Friday Agreement. They claim to represent the people of NI but all they represent is bigotry, homophobia, xenophobia and bible thumping.
Posted...
You don't say.... then deliver BREXIT...
EU confirms no UK MEPs means default Brexit 2 July latest. New ref ruled out by timescale via
He went to Eton and Oxford, has been an MP for a significant portion of his adult life, served as Mayor of London and Foreign Secretary, and edited the Spectator. If there was a "deep state", he'd bloody well be part of it.
After Brexit vote: No 10 plans for cross-party talks on plan B options: -
This is pleasing in a sort of tragic poetic justice kind of way, given that Brexit's etymological (and possibly political) roots lie in Grexit
Putin has done a lot of damage through his puppets. Here's a few of his demolitions: - BREXIT (weakening the EU) - Paris Climate Accords - NAFTA &amp; US-China trade wars - Iran Nuclear Deal - US Govt. Shutdown - Ending Russian sanctions Next target: NATO.
If so, then that's another case of let's renegotiate something we already have- the usual Brexit idiocy
The latest The FiBs gGmbH Blomberg Daily! Thanks to #brexit #trump
had interesting and measured people talking about #Brexit this afternoon about 12.15. Bishop of Liverpool was particularly measured.
Remain or Leave? A Photographic Journey Through Brexit
A brief explanation of all 4 amendments which will be voted on tonight, in the House of Commons - and the one of those the Speaker did not pick.
"More companies are moving part of their operations to Europe amid mounting concerns about the nature of the UK’s Brexit settlement." #relocation #brexit
You’re going to be so bored when brexit is over
German Foreign Minister Maas says if May's Brexit deal is rejected by parliament today there could be new talks with the EU. #MeaningfulVote
Brexit Vote: Parliament to Decide on E.U. Withdrawal Plan
I bet it’s just a tray of basic glazed as well. After Brexit this is how all snacks will be delivered I imagine..!
Live now:
Nigel: May should show 'real leadership' with No Deal Brexit
Important words a brilliant article #Brexit #DJs
"We will not reopen the withdrawal agreement." Austrian chancellor says the UK will be in a "difficult position" if the Commons votes against Theresa May's #Brexit deal. Follow live updates ahead of the #Brexitvote here:
After Brexit they’ll all be made out concrete not gold (little Milton Keynes joke for you there)
BBC Look North Yorkshire have confirmed that these MPs will vote FOR Theresa May's Brexit Deal.
I am not a well known 1970s / 1980s Thatcherite member of parliament #torysout #pip #esa #poverty #satire #disability #brexit #theresamay #PMQs 4
Britain’s May says she will respond quickly after key Brexit vote
Message for Germany's Foreign Minister: Too little, too late. When the bully starts crying the first thing is for them to apologise. Otherwise FO You may have been able to bully Mrs May and her fifth column, but history foretells that you cannot bully the British public.
I’m a working family in London and am praying for a NO DEAL BREXIT. You don’t speak for me Femi.
Theresa May’s Brexit deal finally goes to vote in Parliament, with defeat all but certain via
UK’s May to persist with current Brexit deal regardless of defeat: Sun
IT IS TIME TO BUILD WALL WHERE NEEDED!! #CloserNation #ClosersAngels #FundTheWall #BuildTheWallNow #MAGA #SecureOurBorder #BorderSecurity #NationalSecurity #ICE #Brexit
I'd suggest that 600+ of them have not read it, let alone understood it. Even Ken Clarke admitted at the time (and doubtless since!) he'd never read ANY of the Lisbon Treaty he so strongly supported in the HoC, both then and now.
So, CBI don't believe in free enterprise anymore. Very interesting as most MPs on the right know that trade with Europe will continue as Britain will not put up barriers to trade and Europe would be mad to do so as well. No string Brexit is fine in reality. City &amp; bankers agree.
Meet The New Brexit 'Doomsday Preppers': Housewives Stockpiling Food And Medicine | Zero Hedge
Dont think theres anything more devastating, then going to grab an #aftereight mint, and the box is full of empty packets...... #devastated #why #rubbish #nestle #Brexit Fault #insta…
is in favour or reinstating NIs hard border
May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails? by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE
Cancel Brexit Cancel Brexit Cancel Brexit Cancel Brexit Cancel Brexit Cancel Brexit Cancel Brexit Cancel Brexit Cancel Brexit Cancel Brexit Cancel Brexit Cancel Brexit Cancel Brexit Cancel Brexit Cancel Brexit Cancel Brexit Cancel Brexit Cancel Brexit
No less than 43% of Germany's industrial companies believe there will be a hard #Brexit
What does #Brexit mean for your workforce and accessing talent? Jas Dubb will be a guest expert at our next Brexit Clinic providing the latest intelligence on what Brexit means for people &amp; skills #GBCCBrexit
Good to see this important speech documented . "We want no part of this insular, devastating Brexit".
House speaker John Bercow has announced the four amendments which will be debated ahead of this evening’s vote:
There was already a people vote you mong and the people choose to leave, so hard Brexit it is!
NYMag: With the Brexit due date less than three months away, ongoing political turmoil is making a no-deal Brexit look more and more likely
Can someone put a sock in this fool's mouth, please
Don’t blame Brexit for UK wobbles, says ‘Mr Copper’
May faces defeat in parliament over Brexit plan
#Brexitconcerns from president Andrew McCornick about the hugely negative impact of Brexit on the capacity of Britain's farming industry to function without freedom of movement for workers.
I find this an unwanted bureaucratic intrusion. #FBPE
The idea that it would be undemocratic to have a second referendum, whilst risky in some ways, is unjustifiable. On the contrary, people are now much better informed and more young people, those who will be most affected by Brexit, should have a chance to vote.
Vote Leave, the official pro-Brexit campaign from the 2016 poll, is bidding to sue the Electoral Commission
Don’t blame Brexit for UK wobbles, says ‘Mr Copper’
You could say the same about moving forward with Brexit. It would also be quite decisive.
15 Jan 2019 Today's Economic &amp; #Commodity #Futures Perspectives admin's picture admin 0 Market reaction to today's Brexit vote depends on size of the defeat U.S. government shutdown continues even as the House votes today on a Feb 1 CR PPI expected …
‘Son’ again? We’re done here, pal. Enjoy no deal Brexit. May it bring you everything you deserve.
"Countless memorials were erected across Britain to ensure that the destructive cost of war would never be forgotten" #Brexit
He may well have voted remain back then- but he’s obviously changed his mind since and is very much in the Brexit camp. All true remainers see the current mess as the greatest opportunity to stop Brexit. He is absolutely proposing to LEAVE. Can we at least agree that?
Reuters: Britain's May faces defeat in parliament over Brexit plan
no Brexit is better than a bad Brexit I keep hearing "no deal is better than a bad deal" OK, lets remain because that's an acceptable no deal outcome. A no deal Brexit is failure and unacceptable
Since 1992 UK enjoyed 63 Quarters of Economic expansion From 2008 it was smaller now 20% below previous success Austerity is an obvious cause./(ii)
And I think the people saying all of these things still believe them. They should be fooling nobody but themselves; unfortunately, that isn't the case.
I do blame you. Politicians are useless as a general rule, but you especially are a massive tosser.
Objection to a Tory led Brexit, is for me, the schere impudence of deception, misinformation and lying. If Brexit goes ahead there will be enormous disappointment across a Nation that was better than this Source doc:- by analysis bec
Parliament debates and votes on May's #Brexit deal – watch live via
He's also alienating huge numbers of voters like me who desperately want to see the Tories out but refuse to vote for a party that supports Brexit. (I'd probably vote Green in a GE.)
Chancellor Merkel is a quantum chemist who survived #TheLivesofOthers in the GDR, not a banking lobbyist like #Maybot, she will not take kindly to lying
This is evidence of the falsehoods told to people on the British mainland
I have yet to hear a politian who doesn't spout a lot of self-serving nonsense, and I am 70. Brexit has brought even more of them spouting even more arrogant rubbish. The referendum should never gave happened, but now it has it should be honoured. It is not TMs deal it is the EUs
Brexit
It's really satisfying to know that Mr Johnson senior is not am MP; just another voice. We joined the EEC back in the '70s and so you cannot expect too much from the negotiations. T-May's agreement will be a foundation of Brexit.
Go mad Jack Brexit bodyslam them all
Today I'm also keen to chat to anyone who's started hoarding in case of a No Deal Brexit. or anyone who's bought a special 'Brexit box' #hoarders #hamsterhoarders #hamsterlists - get in touch/ RT! #journorequest
Subscribe Here to get a few chapters for FREE from the book Please #RT #gold #silver #stocks #trading #trades #markets #Investing #today #rich #education #hope #dreams #Giveaway #free #positivity #focus #goals #life #money #success #fun #levelup #brexit
BBCNEWS 5:35am BREXIT DEAL VOTE. Speaker selects four amendments ahead of vote ', I ' nHFuI-v urn nn'JI ,. Speaker selects four...
Actually I think it's been made obvious by the majority of mp's that they don't want brexit at all. She's doomed either way
I’m finally tired of seeing your silly rigged polls. bye bye, good luck with your brexit.
And let us not forget Brexit.
Shameless #dup #hardborder
New tumblr post: "Brits Deal With Brexit Uncertainty By Hoarding Gold" , Gold, IRA, rollover, 2015, 401k to gold
Brexit supporting man interviewed on #wato just now complaining that he thought he was ordering a big, shiny school bell but what was delivered turned out to be a somewhat pathetic bell. No hint of irony to him. But, oh, the irony. #BrexitVote #StopBrexit
Recent events such as #Brexit and the way the have literally abandoned everything else over the past few years I have felt like I didn't belong to or have a strong support for any particular #party but our #country really needs this man right now #leader
#TheresaMay and her #CONservative govt are expected to suffer a #MassiveDefeat today #Brexit
Are you looking for a graphic designer?? Please click this link...
"There is no option in Article 50 for no #Brexit" says after cites exchange of letters with the EU as backstop 'assurances'.
Brexit vote: Decision day for Theresa May's deal as UK Parliament holds key vote - CNN
Correct, the vote in 2016 was carried out and MPs continue to honour that. However, when I voted on the ballot in 2016, I did not see a box for a bad Brexit deal.
Brexit amendment that might have limited PM's losses is rejected
A moving speech that hits home to all my feelings about why Brexit is a disaster. Although what makes me angry is that barely any MPs bothered showing up to be able to listen to this.
less time worrying about Brexit and more time worrying about London would be nice.
80% infected with the Zionist Disease...all Conservative Fiends of Israhell.... Check it for yourselves....
If we go for new elections Brexit saga will be still looming on our business Why not Kill Brexit issue and move on. Nation is getting nervous on financial implications
If, assuming #TheresaMay loses the #brexitvote, her whole premiership will have achieved NOTHING AT ALL. Apart from making sure a divided country is even more divided than when she was given power. #Brexit #StopBrexit
Agenda 21 NWO Destroying Britain, from within . England via #brexit #Europe #Briton #Unitedkingdom worth watching!
Can anyone think of any major decisions where the UK was definitely wrong?
Sometimes I think the Brits are intentionally screwing up this Brexit thing just to make us Yanks feel better about our government.
Rare sight of robin in Beijing causes stir and Brexit jokes
If it happens and the break Britain we need to make them pay.
Stocks tripped by earnings angst, sterling huddled for Brexit vote RT
Vote Leave, the official pro-Brexit campaign from the 2016 poll, is bidding to sue the Electoral Commission
What now?
I don't agree with you about May's WA either, because leaving the EU will be a socio-economic disaster for areas like Dudley. Please can you explain "the opportunities that Brexit presents"? And can people please stop talking up No Deal. It's suicide.
Pleased to announce that the first findings from this year's British Social Attitudes Survey will be released very soon. More pleased to announce that it won't be anything Brexit-related #BSA36
So you are denying Russia created fake news stories to swing Brexit - and you think people who bring this up should ‘watch what they say’. Hmm. What’s your next move? Send the boys round with the Novichok and Plutonium 210?
Good day, there were mainly two reasons to cover the German a yesterday - today's brexit vote of the British Parliament, whose consequences are completely uncertain, as well as the worse than expected short-term economic data from China, choking the....
Is #Brexit good or bad for the #dental industry?
The complete roadblock in parliament with a complete disagreement about what brexit should look like. Even the brexit leaders are voting against it. 5) what was promised can’t be delivered 6) what they are proposing will make the country poorer 7) it was 52/48. To go ahead
Austrian Chancellor on #brexit today: Even if the #brexitvote doesn't go our way tonight, it is important the EU27 "continue to sing from the same hymn sheet"
Parliament to vote on Brexit today
I thought Corbyn actually had a chance. I think it’d have been a disaster but a possibility. His approach to Brexit/Second Ref has killed that chance off imo. Young people will emerge out of this with a much stronger voice and the establishment on both sides is gonna get screwed
I think you will find that the #brexit process has destroyed any illusion of Scotland being in a Union of equals. Not over stating the issue even Scottish supporters of Britain see the disrespect. has shown that Scotland is a prisoner. Trust me the mood has changed.
If did indeed say this then he would be correct. You can of course critique for over-conflicting with one another but at least it concerns the biggest issue of the day in Brexit and not something so offensive like anti-Semitism being ignored.
Meanwhile: Labour MP Tulip Siddiq delays Caesarean for Brexit vote
What could happen after MPs vote on the Brexit deal?
Twitter and Tinder should do a joint venture. Deep discussions about Brexit, mental health etc with a whiff of cunnilingus. Whats not to like?
May's deal is a betrayal of brexit, remain mutton dressed as leave lamb. You will never be forgiven Mr Hammond for the way in which you have tried to thwart contingency planning for a no deal, and helped to weaken our negotiating position, leaving us with this shambles.
Interesting from #BrexitVote #Brexit
The idea that it would be undemocratic to have a second referendum, whilst risky in some ways, is unjustifiable. On the contrary, people are now much better informed and more young people, those who will be most affected by Brexit, should have a chance to vote.
It’s either that or arguing with people who have a different perspective on Brexit!!
What next for Brexit? Three main scenarios
It is not Brexit. Deliver WTO!
‘Brexit Crisis’ Hahahaha fuck offfff
Thread by : "As May is likely to lose her Brexit deal vote tonight, here are the 6 things I think she got most wrong over the past 2 years: 1. She initia […]"
Someone please explain why does #HilaryBenn ammendment carry such weight to have Theresa May and/or #brexit at ransom. T.I.A
I've had a #Brexit overload today. I'll be glad when the vote is over.
Sod #Brexit. #CarolChanning has died. Where’s the rolling news coverage?
Wind your neck in Jeremy and do the best thing for Britain by working with the other parties to secure Brexit rather than pathetic point scoring all the time. You haven’t a hope of winning a GE so do something useful instead.
Tory whip quits government ahead of May's Brexit deal vote #Tory Whip resigns from Government over Brexit deal
When the Prime Minister of our country has to bribe the DUP to keep her in power, bribe dissenting MPs with elevation to the Privy Council or knighthoods/ennoblement and blackmail the House with threat of 'My Deal' or 'No Deal' something is rotten in the state of our democracy
#Brexit Auditions for the part of Neville Chamberlain still ongoing at parliament.
A reader challenges James Gray MP to public debate on Brexit #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote #RevokeA50
Under normal circumstances the opinions of the people of a Labour safe seat like Sunderland would be of no interest to a Tory. Your party had abandoned any pretence to creating one nation, and a non-deal Brexit would just double down on inequality in this divided nation.
Sugar coated not particularly good for you America doughnuts / donuts hmmm there’s an analogy in there somewhere to BREXIT....
It's a huge day for Brexit but the divorce deal appears doomed
Should the economy suffer hugely and jobs be cut would you support people who were pro Brexit putting their hands up to lose their jobs first?
Hope that helped lol #Brexit
It's going to go tits up then
So, we come to the final episode of the first series of Brexit. Overall, I've found the plot confusing, the writing unconvincing, and the characters almost uniformly stupid.
It's about time there was a meaningful vote, I'm fed up of all of the pointless votes #TheresaMay #idiot #MeaningfulVote #brexit #doomed
Exactly the point: referendum was advisory. Should have used this to build consensus around an alternative version of Brexit that everyone could accept, regardless of whether remain or leave. But there has been no attempt to do so: this is all about keeping Tory right happy.
MEANINGFUL VOTE IS NOW THE REFERENDUM in 2016 – Theresa May PMQs 12/12/18 Theresa May stated on the 12/6/18 PMQs Meaningful vote outcome NOT BINDING ON GOVERNMENT. Fuhrer of Torydom has spoken.
"I've said before, and I'm still very clear, that the obvious option following this vote - if it wasn't to go through - is to revisit the vote,"
#PeoplesVote #BrexitVote #BrexitVote She sounds like Ken Dodd. "Did you know, that if I use my tickling stick as a wand, then #Brexit will be great"
If they don't agree to May's Brexit. Then if there's a No Deal. Obviously the finger points to all MP'S who voted against it. Majority are labour MP's. You better email all the MPs and say vote for Theresa May deal. #nobrainer
Watching with and we are now planning to make our own sit com about brexit the season finale
70% back No Deal Brexit in Sunderland poll
Attorney General saying "90%; or 450 of the 585 pages" of the Withdrawal Agreement are acceptable to the house. 450 of 585 is, in fact, 75%. Admitting 1/4 of the #BrexitDeal is no good to the house is slightly less convincing. #Brexit #BrexitVote
. You do realise The Queen is unelected and the Royal Family are from abroad. #Brexit #BrexitShambles #Brexitvote #nonsense
The country over the party any day. #auspol #Brexit #LeaveEU #DitchTheDeal #WTOBrexit #NoDealBrexit
#May claims her #BrexitDeal ends #freemovement but when you read the small print it does not. #EUmigrants can bring in their entire families after Brexit keeping #UKborders open to millions &amp; free movement will not end in March 2019 either but continue for years after Brexit day!
Cos Brexit is smoke and mirrors to extend austerity. GE will cover EVERYTHING by getting the Tories out, and mps across Europe have already stated they like Corbyn's policies, and would negotiate with him over May. What do you think another referendum would ask of the people?
"nice" to see you choose to bury bad news on Brexit day. Towns like mine #Deal #Kent are going to be take a big, nasty hit. I understand store was profitable so what a waste of 45 people's jobs. Appalling. Plus your Dover store is a soulless metal box
They need to close the Brexit window earlier next year, may in December to avoid chaos...wait a minute.
Brexit was framed in that a way to mean loads of different things to distill into a binary choice. The issue is how do you satisfy that panoply of issues into a type of Brexit that will gain support. That’s why it is undeliverable and will fail.
1. Three quarters of MP’s want remain so they will not agree to any deal regardless. 2. Hardline brexit MP’s are opposed to any deal other than WTO. If you are so opposed to no deal then vote for the deal
As Chapter members, I believe we will need to work together in a flexible and friendly way as we navigate the repercussions of the #Brexit process, whichever way they unfold. That's another reason why I'm standing for #election this year. #trust #digitalidentity #OIX
You just know in hundreds of years time when kids are in their history lessons and they get to ‘2016-2019 Brexit’ they’ll be like, wtf were these people on?
The latest "How to Deal with Life Changes" Thanks to #brexit #news
Have you chosen to postpone a financial decision (moving house, changing job, buying a big-ticket item like a car) because of #Brexit and its associated uncertainties?
Will somebody think of the Brexit? - the week. #speedtest #mercedes #auto
After Brexit vote: No 10 draws up secret contingency plans
Why should we reopen talks now? They’re only offering because the EU is opposed to WTO. And Germany in particular.
There once was a fellow called Gove A flipperty-flopperty cove For Brexit he voted But then he turncoated So now a Remainer, by Jove
This Brexit crisis we are in is costing us trillions in brain cells.
For birders and twitchers :) BBC News - Rare sight of robin in Beijing causes stir and Brexit jokes
O’Brien tried all the cheap tricks he has perfected over the years and none of them worked. There are two sides to brexit. JRM stayed polite and coherent. O’Brien couldn’t even read the time out correctly at the end. “It’s one minute past three.”
The best thing about brexit
Well, the news is consumed by Brexit, we've got hours to wait until the vote, and we all probably know what the outcome is going to be.
Deep shame and sadness for those of us that prior to brexit thought uk was better than this- we have to fight this
She has shown right through this brexit procedure, that she wants rid of N.Ireland come what may, by fair means of foul primarily the latter love to know what she has against us
Calm and eloquent as always. Should be next pm for this country and should have been allowed to lead Brexit negotiations to deliver a true Brexit deal.
Great news.
#Architects practice casts aside #Brexit doubt with £1m of new appointments
After Brexit vote: No 10 draws up secret contingency plans
“There comes a time when silence is a betrayal” MLK evoked by in the kind of Impassioned speech we don’t hear often enough
WHAT'S THE BEST BREXIT OPTION FOR BRITAIN? I voted SECOND REFERENDUM on CNN International. What's your vote?
EU is willing to extend the #BREXIT but will not change the agreement. What the EU wants is for May to convince her government to go along with the deal.
Belated confirmation that my decision to step away from Twitter and Brexit, and sink a couple of bottles of Prosecco with a few amazing women last night instead was the correct one.
Agree. This is the most important issue that has come from this. You cannot have a situation where 400 payroll lemmings can stop an overwhelming 17.4m vote.
Brits urgently warned to buy holiday money TODAY as Theresa May faces Brexit vote: The warning from experts comes head of Theresa May's Brexit vote
I just need a part 2 vs on the eve of Brexit where his first question is, "what have you done?" then my life will be complete.
The British have kings and queens live lavish lives with millions wasted. The young generation wants to stay in the EU while the older bigots want to leave . They want a fairytale back that really wasn’t. Brexit is a disaster
“Accept the deal or accept the chaos” - British Attorney General. #Brexit. Who couldn’t see this coming? Common sense is melting before us. Gov using a new “project fear” to get this passed. Incredible double standards. LOI not same as legal agreements.
Brexit amendment that might have limited PM's losses is rejected
'The House' Brexit vote today, either way what a mess. This painting from '17 is about choices we face and alternative pathways. Quite appropriate as our MPs go to vote. #painting #brexit #BrexitVote #contemporaryart #paintingontwitter
Examples of affordable housing, post-Brexit.
brexit no deal is the default position it is what the majority of people in the country voted for and it is what we should get
What a prize prick that's why I don't take grandpa to the Acorn.... liquid Brexit personified.
European stocks are set to open higher Tuesday morning, with market participants braced for a showdown in Westminster over the U.K. government’s Brexit plan. #europeanmarkets #1businessworld #onebusinessworld #oneworldonebusinessworld
A U turn and revoke Article 50.
It extends to other constituencies this feeling vote against this deal tonight and fight for a true Brexit.
There was never a better deal than we have now. No sunny uplands, no benefits and no ideas. I’ve not seen on good idea from any Brexit politician that would make the UK better off. But you keep blaming everyone else.
Please do,I so want this to happen. Brexit is the worst thing UK could vote on for itself. They surely can't be hating themselves so much!
is a member of the Magic Circle &amp; he could tell us the wood burning fuel legislation is simply a distraction tack-tick - eg while Nero burns Rome and the U.K. Fiddling to distract Brexit - well done Gove - more clown than magician
So what's the sense in negotiating international agreements with Britain if it can override it unilaterally no wonder Brexit negotiations are a disaster
Yep Tesco value does photograph well, that's what #brexit will bring us.
'Theresa May has forgotten how to tell a blatant lie. It was the only skill she ever had'
Thanks #JimJones I'd rather not drink the #Brexit KoolAid
Talking to 2 "well fed" Brit couples here in Portugal about Brexit. They'd voted out, one of the reasons, the influx of foreigners into the UK. They live permanently in Portugal as foreigners! When I questioned this they seemed insulted! I forgot Brits are never foreigners!
The irony.
That would totally make sense if it wasn't outside #10 Downing Street. They're all in there trying to make sense of Brexit - God help us all!
great to hear my cousin Damien Roche this am on Ireland a long with Glen Carr of #Brexit
Don’t blame Brexit for UK wobbles, says ‘Mr Copper’
UK, 80% of which GDP is made up of services which have never made it into the #Brexit debate because gammons think of fishes.
This is the only the end of the beginning of our Brexit civil war | Polly Toynbee - the guardian
Can anyone actually tell me any benefits of a no-deal Brexit? I mean, anyone who isn't Jacob Rees-Mogg?
Confirmed that the 10 DUP MPs will vote against May's deal tonight
Good to see you and Brexit supporters outside the HoP today in contrast at last to the usual noisy EU suspects.
Brexit Vote: Parliament to Decide on E.U. Withdrawal Plan
'No Deal' or 'No Brexit'? If May's deal fails, which is more likely?
You're really trying to spin this claim of civil war into reality, eh? How's Brexit going? Looks like a circus on telly right now. There's a Poundland Churchill shouting hyperbole gibberish abow fishing boat bows while his own party heckle.
you're a couple of years late, mate, to vote against BREXIT. That vote was in June 2016. Have you been away? Anywhere nice?
Interesting if accurate
Reminder that we have never had Brexit before! No way can you keep on saying PM will have biggest defeat in history!
Germany and Ireland have the most to lose from a No Deal Brexit. The EU has less to lose. Little wonder it's the EU playing hard ball with the future of Ireland and Germany.
Four rebel Cabinet ministers ‘back plot to seize control and force soft Brexit’
Yes we all know Brexit is the 'edgy' position
Brussels casts doubt on IAG’s no-deal Brexit flight plan di
Spot on. May should have sought compromise from day one, especially given the narrowness of the result, but instead sought only to appease the Hard Brexit types for whom nothing would ever have been enough.
Would you work with Labour on a deal that can pass if a PV was given on it?
'using World Trade Organization terms could lead to “short-term confusion” and “teething problems” for the UK...' teething problems. hmmmmm.
It requires determined reading, not least because it's about #Brexit, but this article on the form that a #PeoplesVote might take is quite intriguing and actually rather important. via
Stand up 2 Trump abt shut down. Look@ polls! Rs blamed w/Trump but he's one who threatened months maybe a year. U need 2 save party from impulsive POTUS. There must be a large group of Rs who see writing on wall. Brexit failing. Trump similar. Get 2 him pls.U have 2
Genuinely don;'t think a lot of these Brexiters realise they will still be Europeans after Brexit.
It’s not just the backstop. It’s the whole piece of crap that the PM wrote with the EU and without parliament. Tear it up and let’s leave on March 29th as prescribed in law. We’ll be OK
If the British parliament doesn't approve UK Prime Minister Theresa May's #Brexit deal today, observers say it could spell trouble for Theresa May and the global economy's future.
#Brexit #BrexitVote #POTUS45 #NATO #Referendum Well folks, the potty POTUS is sticking to his guns, holding the barrel at his own head. NATO disparaged, no friends, shut down continues with no funds for the states. Will they next break into blocs via UDI so new nations appear!
My brexit deal for my vip clients on 2.42 pm. Made massive profits with proof. For vip group just whatsapp +61411206866 #forex #forextrader #forexsignals #forexprofit #forexsignal #forexmoney #forexstrategy #forexgroup #forexmarket #forexmentor #forextraining
This will be fully sold so get your tickets urgently from #TheOldRep #Birmingham #TheOutsiders #Brexit #GeneralElection #Labour #Corbyn
Brexit has shown us all the contempt that our MP's have for a democratic vote . Our democracy is broken and now being used against us .
The people voted leave . And what did they get years of MPs trying to do the opposite of leave ,the parliament must get Britain out without all these clauses ,all this messing around is only to give time to the eu and its cronies time to destroy brexit
BREXIT FIGS - Leave 53.4% England 52.5% Wales get priority over Remain 62% Scotland 55.8% in NI 96% Gibralta England should just vote for its own independence and then leave. Stop mucking everyone else up.
Good grief! How can David Davis be so monumentally ignorant! The absolute lack of strategical vision and thought...
That bloody Geoffrey Cox AG grandstanding in the House of Disrepute again. Why tf she keep rolling out this bombastic know-all who knows how to twist things to the advantage of remain or no brexit. Must be a matey of Grieve
Stocks tripped by earnings angst, sterling huddled for Brexit vote #business #globalbiz
I have muted most of the news on twitter. Didn't bother and no impact for me. Lol
No deal Brexit.
After May loses here are SIX ways the Brexit drama might play out
The future of politics is on the line today.... #brexit or #remain Is it time to look at proportional representation &amp; compulsory voting to ensure fairness.
Michael Gove uses Game of Thrones warning to SCARE MPs into backing Theresa May deal. He has no option having betrayed Boris who remains a No.1 contender for PM.
In all of these brexit brouhaha, where is Mr Boris Johnson, Nigel Farrage and others? Madam PM is simply overwhelmed.
Who hates the EU more now? Not those that have reversed their view, you speak for yourself &amp; no-one else. Parliamentarians vote today on two versions of Brexit - so explain how they're refusing to respect the result?
I think we need to go into business together as Brexit artists...
Government ‘sneaks out’ £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote
It's not brexit I really have a problem with. It's the halfwits of politians that have no clue what they're doing.
Don’t blame Brexit for UK wobbles, says ‘Mr Copper’
The MSM think their bias against Brexit is best served by the flag waving eu guys on college green. What they actually do is to intensify our resolve to LEAVE.
BBCNEWS 5:36am BREXIT DEAL VOTE .. Meaningful vote expecteggouyd 8pm this evening; I BREXIT DEAL VOTE. Meaningful vote expected...
How covered the record defeat in a parliamentary vote - Ramsay MacDonald's govt went down after losing by 166 votes over the prosecution of a communist editor. Will do better than 166? Our #BrexitVote liveblog:
I agree - though, to be pedantic, I am not sure that either Clarke or Major managed to phrase it quite right. The first step is to revoke, unequivocally and unconditionally, ending the Brexit process. 1/
MB NEWS: How the EU uses British Tax Payers money to destroy what's left of British Car Industry, make 4,500 British Workers unemployed, and create 3.000 Jobs in Slovakia, who contribute NOTHING to the EU Budget. The UK need to leave and FAST. #Brexit
Yes I’m a high earner but only too aware of the strain of zero hours contracts put on people’s health and well-being. There’s something very wrong with our society. And it’s not going to be helped by Brexit.
Government ‘sneaks out’ £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote
Please stop building #brexit and our future on lies to further your own party, carer or interests. #JustStopFullstop #honesty #humility #equality
After Brexit vote: No 10 draws up secret contingency plans
The DUP do not care about Northern Ireland - their obsession is with British colonialism &amp; integrationism. They are an extremist British Nationalist Front - no more &amp; no less. Their sole aim &amp; goal is to maintain a totalising &amp; exclusively British hegemony in Northern Ireland.
May Day in the , with the accurate insight of and
You really are an idiot
If that is your political judgement, then we will judge you and your Party by it ...
Parliament debates and votes on May's Brexit deal – watch live via
mandate came also from the Conservative manifesto to deliver Brexit with “No deal” a clear option.
Yes, and VoteLeave broke electoral law. Normally, this would be enough reason to declare the result null &amp; void, throw the perpetrators in prison and chuck Brexit into the long grass never to be spoken of again. (1/3)
*breaking news* Theresa May halts brexit discussions as new priority question put to the house by unknown male in long socks. The question "are you coming to my talk?" left the house in a real predicament as they were due to spend time with family.
Four rebel Cabinet ministers 'back plot to seize control and force soft Brexit' Usual suspects, clearly weak management and control of the cabinet
I know not a single one of the 17.4m fools that voted for Brexit, not a single one. Millions of British citizens disenfranchised tho promised a vote in the 2015 Tory manifesto = fraud.
What I dislike the most is the implied threats from May and co...... Hey remainers, here comes civil disobedience if you dont vote my deal in...followed by hey leavers here comes no Brexit at all if you dont vote my deal in. The politics of desperation....
May’s #Brexitdeal is surrender. The deal enslaves the UK stops Brexit happening &amp; must be voted down tomorrow. The deal annexes NI,sees us pay a £39bn brexit bill,lets EU courts rule us,traps us in a CU,transition deal &amp; backstop forever &amp; opens the UK to blackmail in trade talks
WHAT'S THE BEST BREXIT OPTION FOR BRITAIN? I voted SECOND REFERENDUM on CNN International. What's your vote? Second referendum.
Is it just me or does Geoffrey Cox look and act like Wallace? #brexit #ukparliament #BrexitVote
Sign interpreter is unimpressed with Geoff's speech. #Brexit #BrexitVote #MayOutNow #PMQs
I wonder how much sleep Theresa May got last night? She’s looking a bit peaky this afternoon and might even have been crying earlier. #BrexitVote #EUWithdrawal #Brexit #BrexitDeal
The 2016 referendum result was for a catchall Brexit. Absolutely everything that isn't Remain: just cast your vote here. That's easy to win. But whittling that down to a specific offer and pretending you still have a mandate is much more difficult. #catchallBrexit
David Mundell: We'll re-run the Brexit vote until we get the result we want
All nicely time to coincide with the Brexit hoorah.
#Brexit If England wants to go ahead with Brexit, that's their choice. But clearly I am concerned about the difficulties it creates between the Republic and the North. We've been striving to break down borders. This is the wrong direction.
Remain or Leave? A Photographic Journey Through Brexit via
#Brexit is all one big pantomime to playing to the audience.
Our latest blog post by : Outcomes, context and collaboration (oh, and Brexit): the future of TV
quiet morning in the equity futures #ES_F and #oil #CL_F ahead of #Brexit vote
Yeah and 52% means that brexit is happenin
Today is the day. If we get another referendum, we will need to learn from our mistakes
Here's what you need to know about Brexit
Alternatively, that can be one of the best times to trade if you have signal. We sent a note to people that was correct for the Brexit move in 2016. It was the largest British pound daily move in history. Contact us for bespoke solutions. $GBP $GLD $GC_f $EUR #Brexit #BrexitVote
Yep..... good times ahead #Brexit onwards and upwards #takebackcontrol
MPs now doing their best to come up with individual #airlock analogies. Tiresome. #brexit #EUWithdrawalAgreementDebate
Real Time Economics: Big Brexit Vote, Chinese Car Wreck
Why? Europe does not equal EU. Even with Brexit, unless all of a sudden there is a massive continent shift, we will always be a part of Europe and hence be European
‘How Theresa May’s Brexit deal was killed off by her own incompetence’ A catalogue of errors, disdain and hubris has brought May to this oncoming defeat
Should be in the darkest dungeon at the Hague with Tony(Blood on my Hands) Blair....
open bokep diblokir news Factbox: Britain's big Brexit vote - What happens in parliament?: Prime Minister Theresa May must win a vote in parliament to get her Brexit deal approved, or risk… no bo colmek real cs Porn jav asian sex
He won’t be talking bout that tomorrow. He’ll be having ‘a day off’ from Brexit hahaha
If there was another referendum about the UK's future in the EU, how would you vote? #Brexit #MeaningfulVote #BrexitVote #PeoplesVote
#BRexit #UK reporting - infected blood distribution #UKgenocide #haemophilia
Brexit is the biggest issue in a generation - hardly a big deal balloting members is it?
Government ‘sneaks out’ £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of #BrexitVote Ministers accused of attempting to bury the harsh impact of the change to pension credit MORE THEFT FROM "PENSIONERS"
&amp; it makes me fucking angry. We're shackled to the whims of the most stupid &amp; obtuse arseholes in the country. Anyone still advocating Brexit is either someone who doesn't read any news or is too stupid and obtuse to be allowed a voice.
Trumps crude language, childish tone and narcissistic self-indulgence belie the method of his madness. . . since it works, it is replicated.
Forget May’s Brexit deal... Now feast on battle of Bercow
“Democracy” would be our elected representatives complying with their duty to act in best interests of the country and stop Brexit. Blindly following a fraudulent advisory referendum in contravention of that duty: not so much.
Actual footage of Britain leaving the EU #Brexit #BrexitVote #BrexitDeal
DO #leave fanatics really thin that if they win the #brexitvote today, or get their destructive #NoDeal , things will actually be better? Do they really think it will bring the country together? Are they really so far up their own arses? #Brexit #Stopbrexit
What's at stake ahead of the Parliament's Brexit Vote | DW News
Your starter for 10... what is Labours Brexit policy... depends on the day of the week....
Molly Scott Cato: The EU will not allow Corbyn the type of Brexit he wants via #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote #RevokeA50
Darling, if you want to talk bollocks and discover the meaning of life you're better off just downing a bottle of whisky. At least that way you're unconscious by the time you start to take yourself seriously! #Brexit #BrexitVote #BrexitShambles
#AnneMain Represent your constituents instead of your own interests
Would agree naturally. Maybe the old adage "Money rich, time poor" applies, along with "Fools are soon parted from their money". It's nice to know that someone is making a profit from Brexit. It'd be too bad if no-one was. /s
A lot of UK voter scepticism goes back to being told the UK economy would collapse without the Euro just before the Eurozone collapsed
Following attorney general’s debate on brexit, quite interesting to hear his view of the proposed agreement #bbc
The divide isn't really divided is it, all them remainers outside Westminster are paid to be there. #Traitors #Brexit #NoDeal #NoDealBrexit We're angry as hell and we will be on the streets #vivaFrance
(Amber Rudd ‘looking forward’ to voting for Brexit deal) -
Maybe if politicians of all party's had worked together rather than working to look after their own arse's it wouldn't be a "Blind Brexit" that you and your ilk ramble on about. #Backstabbers
President Macron suggested he'd force the UK to remain in the Backstop unless French fishermen are given full access to British waters.
Brexit vote D-Day as May faces defeat and a vote of no confidence | Daily Mail Online. Time to gracefully give up, as she is behaving like a Dictator hanging in there?
The latest Blogas Gingca! Thanks to #brexit #afd
Labour will need to wait until the EU matter is settled because they'll be damned if they include another EU referendum in their manifesto and damned if they don't. Their supporters are as riven with division as the Tories regarding Brexit.
We've got less than 24 hours left to stop Theresa May's bad #Brexit deal. If we work together we can end this mess and get a #PeoplesVote. Sign up at
Is this really party democracy ? &amp; petition from 1000s of members calling 4 emergency #BREXIT conf since before Xmas. If the party wanted to consult members again, it could have done so. Majority want #PeoplesVote
EU money is typically spent on regeneration, addressing disadvantage, cultural, educational and scientific investment, and more. Galileo and Erasmus are major programmes. It is a considerable input - and we will lose the lot after Brexit.
The brought us this far by supporting . Brexit disaster will be their fault Such is their greed they sold the Union for £1 billion.
Brexit LIVE: ‘What are you PLAYING AT?’ Rebels told ‘You’re playing with people’s lives!' . Good heavens, you'd think the man was under the thumb of May. . .Oh but he is. . . . so forget him, just add it to the bullshit we are getting.
After Brexit vote: No 10 draws up secret contingency plans
An option for Your party had years to agree #brexit proposal. Cameron stitched up country &amp; fled; May triggered Art 50 without consensus. Your mess, your BoS - don’t lumber the country with it. Revoke Art 50 &amp; put proposal to the country if you can agree one.
Btw . . The question of EU membership being no is exactly Brexit. And, I quote, the deal will be "the easiest in human history"
Brexit may be an issue but the idea to close the M&amp;S in Buxton and close the thoroughfare through the shopping centre is the craziest idea of the year. Let’s vote to see the will of the people. #MarksAndSpencer #thesprings
I'm pretty sure God has washed his hands of brexit. We made this mess and it's up to us to deal with it. God isn't coming. #RevokeA50
Too Right. Boris: MPs will 'reap the whirlwind' if they defy Brexit result
It's funny watching them pretend to give a shit about this country. #Brexit #Parliament #order!
All the Brexit Follies have made clear is just how little Common Ground there is in 2019 Britain:
More Unicorn hunting
No doubt, that is actually what we found in our data. Interesting the difference to German journalists, who certainly also believe in holding those in power to account - but with different emphasis. Fascinating, obviously, in context of #Brexit...
Are You Looking For Photo editing e-commerce service design (ClippingPath, #RemoveBackground,#PhotoRetouch, ghostmannequin/Neckjoint, masking, #Shadow,etc)? Contact-
They have learnt the technique from the Remain Rent a Mob
Brexit and Jeremy Corbyn about as appetising as cold vomit, why would anyone vote for that? Labour's dirty secret, Corbyn is totally toxic on the #labourdoorstep You can't polish a turd, you can't put lipstick on a pig, and the voters rightly LOATHE him.
This is an excellent article on
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
Not if the cake tastes like shit!
No #Brexit #NoWall No Way
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT/J3M1E The New York Times January 15, 2019 at 12:00AM #news
The crowds who love the EU and believe this #Brexit is a disaster are gathering at #Westminster! I’ll be there after work, helping to marshal the crowds for - will you join us??!!
Retweet if you’re looking forward to the collapse of ’s government after today’s #MeaningfulVote on her #Brexit withdrawal agreement fails to pass the line
The debate around Britain's withdrawal from the EU has been long, repetitive, emotional and sometimes vicious. Here's a photographic journey through Brexit. via nytimes
I voted Remain. I can see few positives to be gained from leaving the EU. But I think if parliament engineers the cancellation of #Brexit, the damage arising from loss of faith in our democracy it would cause would be worse in the long run than any damage caused by Brexit itself.
It's #Brexitvote day - stay informed with our #Brexitbreakdown podcasts! This week's guest Lord Michael Heseltine available here:
After Brexit vote No 10 draws up secret contingency plans
#wato If ya took part in the brexit referendum, don't moan if ya didn't get the result ya wanted. You legitimised it by voting!
Counting all of 8 chips ... #Brexit #BrexitVote #BrexitDeal #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit #fbpe
Exactly! This govt is determinedly targetting older people. This is deplorable. We need the Tories out.
British PM faces defeat in historic Brexit deal vote
One of the most inane, illogical, half-witted arguments I've heard by strident europhiles is that we voted to give democracy back to parliament so why are we complaining if they block Brexit. Well because we didn't vote leave for fascists to give it away to the EU again. #Lexit
THE APARTHEID RACIST ZIONIST FASCIST EXTREMIST TERRORIST CONSCIENCE OF EVIL EMPIRE ISRAEL IS DEPLORABLE ABSOLUTELY UNACCEPTABLE IN THE SETTING OF INTERNATIONAL PEACE AND STABILITY ON EARTH. THE BOYCOTTING EVIL IS THE HONOR OF THOSE PALESTINIAN SYRIAN VICTIMS OF INHUMANE TREATMENT
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
Brexit Plan B Don't panic, don't panic, don't panic
BREXIT DECISION DAY The UK parliament has begun the final debate ahead of a momentous vote on Theresa May’s Brexit deal.
They are terrified of "Mister" Corbyn because he's honest and decent, something alien to the Tory 'psyche'
WHY DON'T YOU GET MORE RETWEETS AND LIKES....IT'S NOT FAIR. JUST AS FUNNY AS
David Squires on… football spying and Neil Warnock's Brexit views #BlueBirds
Brexit...Bregret...Bridicoulus. New words don’t change facts I guess. The referendum has to be braccepted.
Aye and the Brexit mob are more than happy to have the White Walkers as long as they have a blue passport.
Growth of only 1.5 percent; Gdansk's mayor dies after stabbing; more Germans trust Merkel; too much snow in the Alps. Our Daily Briefing for January 15, by , our editor-in-chief. #Germany #economy #Brexit #Adamowicz #Gdansk
This is what matters As soon as we have dumped Brexit, this is what we must focus on.
The Tories are brexit mad, Labour are unwilling to stop them as they are making a mistake. End result we all suffer.
Why don't we just Marie Kondo the Brexit negotiations? I mean is this really sparking joy for anyone I don't think so. Just gently lower it into the bin Theresa.
Brilliant Segway into Boris Johnson aside; this is everything my generation needs to hear right now. We are not alone. Fingers crossed it makes a difference.
The idea that it would be undemocratic to have a second referendum, whilst risky in some ways, is unjustifiable. On the contrary, people are now much better informed and more young people, those who will be most affected by Brexit, should have a chance to vote.
No one wants fucking brexit!
Panalpina ready for Brexit with freighter flight and task force #taskforce
You didn't know what Brexit was 2 years ago, of course you can't have another vote
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
DUP insist there is 'no way' they will vote for the Brexit deal
Please whisk her away somewhere anywhere just no here. EU 'ready for new Brexit talks with May' Sent via
Delighted to speak on the panel of A Better Dear with Arlene foster and Lord Lilley. There is an Alternative. The government must take it up
Despite Brexit
#Europe: What’s at stake ahead of the Parliament’s Brexit Vote | DW News
That"s because they want a hard brexit because contrary to their official position they would like nothing more than a big fat border.
Angela Merkel told the Bundestag "we have placed value on Britain not being able to decide unilaterally when it ends the customs union".
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
The #Brexit vote is today, and here are some handy materials. First from Parliament itself...
Review brexit mate
this
...and second from my colleagues: what are the multivariate implications of a Brexit for the UK and EU?
#TuesdayThoughts Sad but true...#BrexitVote
“..it would put at risk the all-island economic model- an important factor in driving local prosperity... &amp; it brings with it.. risk to the Belfast Agreement, which has been the foundation of social, economic &amp; political progress" Angela McGowan CBI NI
The Prime Minister has consistently said that no deal is better than a bad deal. She has also insisted that hers is the best on offer. So if the Commons reject her deal tonight, doesn’t that mean she has committed herself to a no-deal Brexit?
Think about this people. 'IF' we don't leave the EU &amp; perhaps Brexit is cancelled. Therefore we stay in &amp; it's business as usual. Then I'd suggest we can never, in future, leave the EU. This means we must take whatever happens in future. Regardless of if it's crap for the UK!
Arlene doesn't recall a hard border in NI. Given her observation skills it's quite possible she never noticed it when it was there.
I think *the market* thinks #Brexit might not happen.
From The Economist Espresso: Decision day: Brexit
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
Emergency laws being written to enable Britons to remain and work in the two countries in event of no-deal Brexit Mateusz Morawiecki (L) and...
The papers on Brexit: betrayal, pragmatism or a leap of faith
Hey remember when you pre ordered that meal for that wedding 4 years down the line. Are you still in the mood for the chicken on the day? #Brexit
Any MP that votes against Brexit should never ever be re-elected,,, the British people voted for out,,,,, you cannot have another referendum,,it goes against be honest most of our MPs haven't a clue what is happening in the real world,,get a grip
... What is the point in ? His contribution as leader of the opposition to the #Brexit debate has been as useful as a comb is for Bruce Willis. #corbynout
Well I scored 7/15. Must try harder.
vote on the Brexit deal, it’ll probably fault. Could be a vote of no confidence in the government!
This is entirely consistent with what we have heard from inside Germany for some time. German industry is very afraid of a World Trade Organisation exit. The head of called a WTO exit a "massive crisis".
We go live to Brexit etc.
Brexit vote: Watch live ITV News special coverage as MPs deliver their verdict on Theresa's May deal
's graphic is a useful guide to Brexit scenarios after today's vote.
Just one female MP heard so far in this afternoon's Brexit debate after 30 minutes.
Dimon said bank still doesn't believe there will be a hard Brexit. Has no comment on yellow-vest protests in France, but says it's important that businesses be involved in solving society's problems. $JPM
Why does main stream media have people on who's views and thoughts were soundly rejected in leadership and other ballots? Is it that are trying to frame opinion rather than reflect it? Labour can only be a party of remain if it is a neoliberal party (it was but moving to isn't)
What a fucking arsehole Corbyn is... #CorbynOut #StopBrexitSaveBritain #PeoplesVoteNow
Video crossing Irish border 4 times in 10 min shows “hard border” absurdity
What's a Brexit?
I cant wait for to go back to Sunderland in 5 years and find the sme guy and ask how he feels then!
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
Brexit is a fecking shitshow really! Never in my life have I known anything be handled so badly. We are no further ahead now than we were in June 2016. Useless tory twats.
It's a huge day for Brexit — but the divorce deal appears doomed
Nope... sorry Tobias.
Brexit has exposed just how corrupt #MPs are. With talks of coups against Brexit &amp; a 2nd ref it’s clear remainer MP’s are EU puppets who hate UK democracy &amp; think their own opinion is more important than voters. MP's think Brits shouldn’t get a vote &amp; want to overrule 17.4m Brits
Brexit coverage dominates the front pages ahead of May’s crunch vote.
By the way - A No-Deal Brexit did not appear in any manifesto.
Theresa May's Brexit deal faces vote in Parliament
No it was not. We were not electing Vote Leave &amp; voting against a Corbyn led Labour Party isn’t an endorsement of a Brexit policy that was pretty much doomed to failure from inception.
Welcomed home by Revenue officials demanding receipts for everything bought, how can cross border commuters survive a regime that merely involved customs alone? How long would it add to each journey? And for what? Unicorn steak exports yielding £1,966 a kilo #BrexitVote #Brexit
Brexit Vote: Parliament to Decide on E.U. Withdrawal Plan - The New York Times
You think EU won't want to sell us their £98billion worth of stuff any more if we have a WTO Brexit? The EU Trade with lots of countries under WTO rules. In fact every other country in the world except 27 of them.
Well said!!
We could have had an excellent deal if it were not for remainers like you Mr Hammond weakening our position in every way you could. We still will get a good deal after a no deal brexit, that is the only way now, and it is your fault #brexitbetrayal
How about we first prevent the country from sliding off these jagged slippery Tory rocks down the Brexit cliff before we start your political pantomime dance of musical chairs? Then, as always, the music will be "which of these twats do I hate the least. In e minor"
It's not even remotely like a Brexit.
Everyone has their different ideals don't they. We are looking at all the other issues as well... and of course we know Brexit is likely to have drastic effect on a lot.. espec the poorest.. Lab wanted more 'A' [permanent] Customs Union 'A' Single Market access &amp; sort Ire issue
They all need 2 wash out there mouths over #Brexit-! so many lies so many points of patronisation-! Is this where were heading-
Save our democracy and go with the democratic vote result and leave #EU #Brexit is what the country democratically voted for. I don’t think most of understands democratic principles.
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
Yeah well if Brexit goes ahead you can expect the already appalling social situation in the UK to get even worse than it is at present. And it's bad enough as it is already. #StopBrexit and #StopTheLies !
Said the 29 year old son of a Dr, who lives with mummy and daddy. Waster. Get a job you little nobody.
#Brexit Coverage on ...possible impact on currency...??? Interesting Chart
Every Shakespearean tragedy needs a clown. The Brexit debate clown is called Geoffrey Cox. Cox by name ... what a windbag!
Parliament after tonight
I was too young to vote in the brexit referendum but both me and my nan wanted to leave. This “young people had their future stolen” narrative is bollocks
Theresa May vows to fight on for Brexit deal
#BRexit #UK reporting - contaminated blood distribution #UKgenocide
Don’t blame Brexit for UK wobbles, says ‘Mr Copper’
Good point
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
If labour hadn't won so many seats at the last election May have been able to push Brexit through already. So, thank Corbyn and momentum for that.
I notice how the BBC only ever interview people on brexit in leave areas...
If I was an MP,Id rather stay at home&amp;have a Barclay than vote for a deal thats even more shit than being in the EU with meagre representation instead of none.Your Dept has just been a diversion tactic&amp;a waste of taxpayers wonga-the deal is treasonous&amp;NO Brexit! #standupforbrexit
A polite request from Europe: wake us up when you know what you want from Brexit #StopBrexitSaveBritain
I'm glad to hear someone rationally discussing this issue that it should not be taken for granted that Mays deal will definitely be voted down. Nothing can be taken for granted at the moment.
BREXIT is WORTH it
Another video from , w/ &amp; , on this evening's meaningful #BrexitDeal vote. #Brexit #BrexitVote #RawPolitics "I don't know if public mood has moved sufficiently to be able to comfortably say Remain would win in a further referendum..." (1/2)
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via ucheiceofficial The New York Times
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
Really? Have you listened to the Labour MP's. Most want to scrap #Brexit. That would subvert democracy. The people wont accept cancelling it. The best way forward is accept May's deal then after the 2 year transition change it to what we want.
Quiz: how well have you been following Brexit?
uhhghggmmmggrgrr Brexit msmghghghghghrrghghghg
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
European leaders have every intention of using the back stop to lock Britain into conceding in every new area of altercation that might arise.
whether we leave with/without a deal the following will happen. Roaming charges will be back, more of the NHS will be privatised through the back door. More austerity will be piled on, Brexit will be blamed . Workers rights lost. legal aid cut. should I go on?
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
There is no better speaker on Brexit in the house than JRM, clear, factual, measured and precise. Who would have thought a posh Tory boy would be speaking up for the working classes !
And the chance to revoke Article 50
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
LIVE – final day of Commons debate on the Brexit deal ahead of the vote ... via
Too right, and if the far right kick off because Brexit doesn't work, then bring it on.
If this is how the vote goes this evening plus the 20 unknown vote against the government then Teresa May is facing defeat by 197 for and 442 against majority would be 245 votes a major disaster #BrexitDeal
That’s very true, but unfortunately it’s the constituency MPs who have the final say - not us as we were falsely “promised”. If they don’t want Brexit it won’t happen until we vote in Brexiteer MPs.
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
interesting Brexit debate, could ask the two guests that voted leave, how they feel about losing their Freedom Of Movement across 27 other European countries? They will no longer be able to live and work without prejudice. Regards Yinx
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
EU confirms no UK MEPs means default Brexit 2 July latest. New ref ruled out by timescale via
Brexit vote was in part a rejection of the weakness of nation states in the face of globalization but Brexit mess has shown in UK’s case how weak middle sized nation states really are, so what will be the next ledge for the lost citizenry to reach for?
Could we rewind to June 2016 and tell people the same thing before but substitute the word #brexit with EU?
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
Government ‘sneaks’ out pension change during Brexit row
MPs now doing their best to come up with tiresome individual #airlock analogies rather than listening to the eloquent argument put forward by . #brexit #EUWithdrawalAgreementDebate
“’75 is another frantic hour of gripping genius... a dizzyingly brilliant script that’s always two strides ahead”
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
How did Mark Spencer's Sherwood vote on brexit ?
Government sneaks out benefit cut announcement on day before Brexit vote
Looking forward to addressing the crowds at Parliament Square later as MPs debate the botched Brexit deal. Come along to hear some fab speakers, supporting MPs and more - demanding a #PeoplesVote!
You don’t have to look too far to find that the Brexit debate has given some thoroughly unpleasant people a target for their anger. Social media is their outlet. You could condemn the abuse without compromising your own point of view.
The moderates may yet decide on some way forward that pushes the leaders to one side. Dunno any more. Can still be brexit, just not this deal.
Consider this the remain equivalent of uncompromising leave means leave/ i know what i voted for/what part of brexit don't they understand: the minute they get 49% of their bloc to agree for any particular implementation of brexit I'll shut up*. (*kidding)
Final countdown: May braces for crucial Brexit vote amid tough debates &amp; calls for new election
Completely deluded thinking people didn't use Tactical Voting to prevent Tories getting a majority.. Yes people did 'belueve' Corbyn would help prevent brexit.. We now know he is a duplicitous liar.. Labour wouldn't win a one ticket raffle now! #CorbynOut #StopBrexit
Tory bastards
News from The Kefalonia Pulse:
I think you will find we are in this mess because of the remoaners they have done everything they can to try and delay and stop Brexit, not very good look for you to show your true colours
Parliament debates and votes on May's Brexit deal – watch live - YouTube
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT
That would be a first. Thankfully John Bercow is doing that right now by giving Parliament an opportunity to clear up the mess caused by your party. No Brexit scenario serves the best interests of this country and you know it.
This is why we are better out with no #BrexitDeal -REVEALED: Theresa May's deal could see UK TIED to EU rules FOR YEARS, boasts Brussels
Read it. Your dream Brexit doesn’t exist. Be brave and read it. #FBPE
Post #Brexit It is in European economic interests to continue to have a close trading relationship with the U.K. as much as it is the case for the U.K. to have good and close relationship with the EU.
We'll trade you one Trump for a Brexit. What do you think, deal?
Odd disco on between M and a Cambridge prof of Mediterranean history who is well-known fan of Brexit. But is treating him as expert on UK internal politics or constitutional theory.
BREXIT WRECKING! Theresa May’s deal dealt fresh blow as Bercow blocks key amendments
This brexit allover the t.v dey weak me oo. wetin be my own.
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
No champagne due to Brexit. Brexiteers stockpiling it for huge celebration.
The idea that it would be undemocratic to have a second referendum, whilst risky in some ways, is unjustifiable. On the contrary, people are now much better informed and more young people, those who will be most affected by Brexit, should have a chance to vote.
“You are not children in a playground you are legislators!” Well said, Geoffrey Cox. #Brexit. Really hope this fiasco gets sorted out soon.
But weren't the parts made in Germany?
BBCNEWS 5:37am BREXIT DEAL VOTE , '. Meaningful vote expected around 8pm this evening" I BREXIT DEAL VQTE. Meaningful vote Expected...
Anyone feel like #johnbercow is governing the country? #brexit #remain
do you think i can use brexit anxiety as extenuating circumstances for my exams
Tory=Brexit. Labour=Brexit. Its your funeral. Scotland is getting out of this UK.
This woman is not right in the head and delusional Parliament if possible need to take control of Brexit and ask the ppl
Good grief. The Attorney General needs to be wheeled out and placed somewhere secure and calm. #stopwiththebloodyirrelevantfish #Brexit
Beta move coming in lukewarm from Germany:
Brilliant analysis about Brexit. Matthew Wright, Talk Radio, blamed the simplistic referendum question. Mr Wright, it was about the campaign, complacency by remain, and false promises, not the question itself. #Brexit #PeoplesVote #BrexitVote #FBPE #c4news alloutpolitics #CNN
After Brexit vote: No 10 draws up secret contingency plans
Today's #Brexit Barometer poll - Remain 44 (+8); Leave 35 (+2)(Fwork 10-14.1.19) - moves our #euref2 poll of polls to Remain 54 (+1); Leave 46 (-1). First time Remain been put that far ahead.
Brexit... as a GIF.
However, with sluggish economic outlooks on either side of the channel, the “club” is in a better position to absorb the negative effects of a less than perfect #brexit outcome than is a U.K. set adrift with literally zero beneficial trade deals in the short to medium term.
BREXIT WRECKING! Theresa May’s deal dealt fresh blow as Bercow blocks key amendments, #news #rt ,
The Latest: Lawmakers to get chance to amend Brexit deal
Brexit: MPs to vote on 'right to terminate' Irish backstop after speaker selects amendments to tonight's vote on May's deal
Brilliant debate between and on . Ignore the political points &amp; my own personal #brexit views. That was just great radio.
And once everyone dies, Dicks predicted Brexit....
'Difficult to foresee any positive outcome' on Brexit, former diplomat Pierre Vimont says
This is one of the many ugly aspects of Brexit. This is why. If Brexit goes through, Britain is finished.
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
Better get the Krispy Creme orders in now !
How can this dumb arse Tory supporter know what they voted for when the reality of his argument is the opposite A free for all #Wrexiteer economy is precisely that low wages low standards low workers rights regulation low health and safety poor environmental controls
More pictures from #westminster #brexit #brexitvote
EXC: (if you can tear yourself away from Geoffrey Cox for two mins) - bit of an insight into some of the thinking going on about what happens next...After Brexit vote: No 10 draws up secret contingency plans
Interesting appointment, that. Kennedy is my parent's MP for South Ribble a definitive swing state. Kennedy also had a many-question Brexit poll on her website last week.
#Brexit #MeaningfulVote #Democracy "I feel a bit closer to sensible people in the . party like . than I do to the hardline #Brexiters in the . ." - . (ex Tory MP) - .
Britain will be hit by huge border delays, require vast lorry parks in the south-east, and suffer more than £1bn a year in economic damage
Never has an event been more timely - sign up now, you won't be disappointed! #EmployerQT #Brexit
How many times have they voted on Brexit now? Seems like there's one every week.... is it like X Factor?
Stocks tripped by earnings angst, sterling huddled for Brexit vote
Odd people mate. The world is full of them (he says, whilst watching another clutch of fuckwits argue about Brexit on the news)
Jason is asking for 2 and a half grand? To do a tour of yes groups prior to Brexit? Why doesnt he sort out the online dirt in the yes movement before he goes campaigning anywhere? This whole campaign against me stressed me to the point where I felt unable to campaign offline
It's amazing that the Tories had no contingency plan for the UK actually voting for Brexit in 2016. Even Ray Quinn had a studio recording of 'A Moment like This' ready to go
I bet she doesn't resign.She is so deluded &amp; in love with the eu,she doesn't give a flying f**k about selling us out to the corrupt eu
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
Merkel won't help: Berlin denies sweetening Brexit deal ahead of seemingly doomed vote in Parliament
Any #Brexit will make the people of Telford very much poorer. Although that will be a tragedy caused by purely to allow rich Tories &amp; the 1% to avoid EU tax avoidance regulations it should see regain power in the constituency for many decades. #NoBrexit
Andrea Leadsom opened cabinet today warning that the Boles plan to instigate cross-party talks - overseen by liaison committee - had the potential to scupper Brexit. "She told the cabinet that it was sound process and procedure and a workable thing," insider said.
ANYTHING BUT BREXIT WOULD BE A BETRAYAL OF THE BRITISH PEOPLE!!!! you cannot ask ppl to vote until you like the outcome. a shame that one has to even point it out! most likely May's deal is far better than no deal - but what matters is that britain gets out of the EU nightmare.
whether we leave with/without a deal the following will happen. Roaming charges will be back, more of the NHS will be privatised through the back door. More austerity will be piled on, Brexit will be blamed . Workers rights lost. legal aid cut. should I go on?
Brexit all the way we don’t need these Jonny Foreigners
Fruit salad coloured skies on the way to Doncaster this morning. Pretty colours or Brexit? No contest.
When a Brexiteer can explain to me in detail how they plan to deal with the issues flagged up in the Commissions notice to stakeholders then I will listen. Until then, I ignore delusional fantasists who are prepared to crash the uk for idealogical reasons
We've got less than 24 hours left to stop Theresa May's bad Brexit deal. If we work together we can end this mess and get a People's Vote. Sign up at
David Mundell: We'll re-run the Brexit vote until we get the result we want in that case so shall Scotland.. he's a scheming weasel
Can Brexit just happen now because I'm getting bored of these long, Parliament watching, afternoons prior to the 'big event'
UK PM Theresa May is in on the edge of her seat over today's Brexit vote #SkimmLife via
Muppet on very proud that he Googled to find out that 70 million people couldn’t have voted to leave in #BREXIT, at no point did he think to check how many people really voted, nor how many live in the UK. What a plonker, no wonder it is such a complete train-wreck!
Why didn't Cox make this speech clearly explaining the agreement a month ago?
Difference is Desmond Swayne was joking but Carswell isn't when he suggests shut parliament down until after Brexit Day. True colours showing now Stephen.
What do you think the outcome will be? Though maybe best if you do not read the comments and abandon all hope...
Forget stupid Brexit, climate change is where our resources should be directed.
In my opinion. When May loses tonight. She should resign and call a general election. Tory Party should run with No deal Brexit strategy. All candidates must sign up or not stand.
It’ll be a big boost for Sinn Finn towards Irish unity after the DUP makes their vote this evening on the Brexit / EU
Confirmed that backstop assurance letter do not have the force of law-
British PM warns of catastrophe if lawmakers don't back Brexit deal
The point I made had no reference to the wrong doings in the referendum campaign. It was in reply to your tweet that made no reference to those wrong doings. You said no-one wants more brexit time, yet support a referendum that needs a further 5+ months.
It is Brexit which is confirmed by the Attorney General in the Chamber today. Do not rely on print media when there is an opinion in law.
Parliament debates and votes on May's Brexit deal – watch live
Think I might just nip to France untill all this brexit malarkey blows over
It's nothing to do with Brexit!
Fuck Brexit bring me the Far From Home trailer
This?
Seems to me that the Brexit question in Britain is not unlike the repeal Obamacare issue was here forced by the right wing based on lies and appealing to xenophobia trouble is those damned Irish have to mess it up
Will our Labour council ever get what is happening to our town centre? Or will they continue to hide behind council tax rises and twining on about Brexit in Twitter posts?! They are a disgrace.
What's the point of a GE when both leaders want Brexit.
We've got less than 24 hours left to stop Theresa May's bad Brexit deal. If we work together we can end this mess and get a People's Vote. Sign up at
JLR jobs were not lost due to Brexit don't tell lies. It was the reduction of Diesel engines which Labour Support and most of these jobs were on contract, which by the way Labour are against contact workers.
The reasons for brexit seem to change depending on the topic. Can you explain to me how to keep sovereignty while negotiating trade deals?
Think have #ABetterPlan waiting to put to EU. #NoDealNoProblemNoMoney
What’s the score with revoking Article 50? How does the Backstop relate to the Customs Union? New podcast from discuss the myths and truths of #Brexit #BrexitMyths
Brexit hah! Brexit hah! Brexit hah! Yeah, feels right.
Confused? Bored of hearing about Brexit? What does today’s Brexit vote actually mean? Take a look at this article by to get a brief overview of what’s going on and what could happen... #BrexitVote #BrexitDeal #TheresaMay
TORY TRASH! OUT! OUT! OUT! OUT! OUT! OUT! OUT! OUT!
Brexit deal will be defeated in UK parliament, economist says
Every Shakespearean tragedy needs a clown. The Brexit debate clown is called Geoffrey Cox. Cox by name ... what a windbag!
SURELY 7 year old child = MPs arguing on all sides. Teacher = majority of the British public.
It's not just VoteLeave that lied. Tories promised they would *guarantee* that rights of EU citizens living in uk would be unaffected by #brexit #NeverTrustATory
My faith in our democracy was shattered by the lies told in 2016 and since by MPs and MEPs and by the total lack of investigation of the finding that Vote Leave broke electoral law and the evidence of foreign interference. #Brexit #BrexitBritain
I certainly won’t rely on economists, politicians and business leaders. Usually they have their own personal reasons to stop things like Brexit. If it was to benefit the rest of us and not them. They will do anything to stop it. Self interest before country.
It was ineffective anyway
Misleading ...the 8% figure is apparently on whether to vote on this draft deal it is not about a referendum on having a brexit or remaining in EU
Brexit Vote: Parliament to Decide on E.U. Withdrawal Plan
AngusMacNeilSNP: RT NeillyMac_: AngusMacNeilSNP AlanBrownSNP Seems to me that Mr Cox is happy to navigate the UK onto the Brexit rocks. We need to go full steam ahead for independence. We must break free from Westminster's (broken) anchor chains !!
reuters|May faces defeat in parliament over Brexit plan|
Can racist Twitter come get their uncle? Take the 44 twats who engaged with the tweet as well.
Brexit: MPs to vote on 'right to terminate' Irish backstop after speaker selects amendments to tonight's vote on May's deal
If one of 2 backstop amendments is approved, Parliament will be voting on a motion that doesn’t faithfully reflect divorce terms that May negotiated with Brussels. U.K. Lawmakers to Vote on Four Amendments to Deal: #Brexit Update #revokeA50 #remain
All sorts of people are finally speaking out
I love the . And wherever you stand on Brexit you gotta say, it is the only tabloid which truly, and consistently, sticks up for the economic interests of working class people. #BrexitVote #BrexitDeal
If parliament votes the proposed Brexit deal down tonight I think, on balance a people’s vote is needed. A general election would be effectively another referendum because the whole thing would be focussed on Brexit and not on the fact that the UK is crumbling. ‘United’ Kingdom?!
#Brexit - This box contains the 'Future Path' that the UK will follow, depending on MPs vote tonight. We don't know, they don't know, what's in it. It's all guesswork and myths.
The Chicken or the Egg of Brexit?
After Brexit vote: No 10 draws up secret contingency plans #stopbrexit
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
Brexit amendment that might have limited PM's losses is rejected #stopbrexit
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
This is actually alright. Its reliant on the UK maintaining freedom of movement though, which I'm all for. Presumably Blackfords amendment is to give time to achieve this, or what would be the point?
So much stuff flying about on Brexit, but I just saw this image which I thought was very interesting. If the remain campaign had put this on a bus would it have changed things??
No thanks. #GeneralElectionNow
I honestly wish there would be another GE soon, so your new party could contest. Then you will know how unpopular you and the #Bliarites. You guys are so deluded, only another GE will prove it. Please form your new party.
Brexiteers owe Dominic Grieve and Gina Miller a debt of gratitude #Brexit
Are we brexit yet
"zombie horrorcaust". called it.
British Lawmakers to Vote on Brexit Deal
From Guardian - Why the Singapore model won’t work for the UK post-Brexit "The city state has a strange appeal to some Tories yet even its prime minister doubts its approach would work in Britain"
Pipe down Bastani. ‘There should be a referendum on whether or not to accept the draft Brexit deal’ is a very different question to: ‘There should be a people’s vote to determine whether we accept Theresa May’s deal, leave with no deal or remain in the the EU’
Fact, Fiction and Brexit via
Conservative MP Leo Docherty introducing his Armed Forces (Derogation from European Convention on Human Rights) Bill in the Commons, from Wednesday 9 January. #Brexit Troops on Britains streets. #HumanRights
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
These remain loony are being paid to be there when the yellow vests turn up to reclaim BREXIT they will disappear fast !
May pleads for support as defeat over Brexit looms today
May pleads for support as defeat over Brexit looms today
Maybe you haven't thought about it before. Brexit brings these things to the fore. I would see the Euro not just as a means of facilitating trade but perhaps even primarily as a vehicle for ever closer Union. The EU commission is Europa. eu. Hence, the EU is Europa.
May pleads for support as defeat over Brexit looms today
May pleads for support as defeat over Brexit looms today
May pleads for support as defeat over Brexit looms today
May pleads for support as defeat over Brexit looms today
May pleads for support as defeat over Brexit looms today
May pleads for support as defeat over Brexit looms today
Labour Brexit splits deepen as MP comes out to back May's Brexit deal
May pleads for support as defeat over Brexit looms today
Rees-Mogg's ok with #NoDeal #Brexit as we can cut tariffs on our imports to 0%, He admits #WTO means we must do it for ALL states (sans trade deals with them). So is a "foolish virgin"! Who'll give us a FTA if our tariff rates already set to 0%? #LBC
Spluttering noises from Germany and an earnings miss from banking giant JP Morgan dragged back stocks on Tuesday, while Britain's pound hovered near a two-month high ahead of a crucial parliamentary vote on Brexit. "Global stocks tripped by earnings ang…
Pigswill!! Ireland will be devastated by a UK Brexit no-deal, but will be able to pivot their trade towards other members the world's largest Single Market. #Ireland will recover. Make no mistake - the UK population will be the worst-off, and with NO short-term alternatives.
Hold my beer! Our #brexit UK is the world’s laughingstock!
What would a second Brexit referendum actually look like? explains some options #OpenFuture
May pleads for support as defeat over Brexit looms today
Hearing rumours that Niko Kranjcar might be a last minute switcher #brexit
If you're a member of , hold the vote for your company, but haven't voted yet, please would you give your support to our director, Frank Joshi, who is standing in the #OIX 2019 #election. He is one of 4 candidates this year. Thank you in advance. #trust #digitalidentity
If (in my view a huge if) majority support emerges for a particular concrete Brexit plan (Norway plus, jobs first Brexit, whatever), it becomes possible for the UK to make the sovereign decision to trigger A50 again. 3/
Not sure if you're a stand comedian or a Brexit correspondent
One positive to take from the #brexit process: those of who have been calling for reform of political system may see it. One thing for sure the mainstream parties are undergoing a reality check. Debate on now #BBCPolitics Get ahead of the curve w #joinWE
is being disingenuous about limiting free movement under Common Market 2.0. The think tank Open Europe disagrees with you: "This ‘emergency brake’ should therefore not be mistaken for an indefinite policy tool".
Last chance - will you support your constituents who voted 78% remain? Will you call for a revocation of #A50? Will you halt #Brexit? The referendum was built on a lie! #DecisionDay
Dear Britain, During the Brexit referendum I supported wholeheartedly the Remain side of it, for several reasons that now don’t matter anymore, because the majority of the British people decided to leave. As a person who appreciates and respects democracy, I also respect this...
google-news|Brexit Vote: Parliament to Decide on E.U. Withdrawal Plan|
If Theresa May tried to make a deal sooner so if we didnt like it, she would have time to try and amend it. Instead we got a last minute deal because she spent too much time trying to get people to like her. Brexit fail #Brexit
MPs seize on German minister’s suggestion of further Brexit talks
'Reality' and 'Brexit' appear to be mutually exclusive in the Tory party at the moment.....
Brexit referendum was akin to voting for Conservatives vs Labour without a party manifesto for the Tories. NOW, we have the manifesto, and the argument is that we should get to decide if the manifesto is what people actually thought they would get #BrexitVote
MEANINGFUL VOTE IS NOW THE REFERENDUM in 2016 – Theresa May PMQs 12/12/18 Theresa May stated on the 12/6/18 PMQs Meaningful vote outcome NOT BINDING ON GOVERNMENT. Fuhrer of Torydom has spoken.
And STILL there are losers that want to remain .
Not ridiculous. If a game was won based on cheating that was illegal and clearly identified, there would be direct consequences. Brexit was conceived by &amp;illegally funded by the far right. A 2nd ref would allow a better informed, precisely worded ref.
can y'all like cancel brexit at this point, it's like watching children having a tantrum
independent|Government ‘sneaks out’ £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote|
Whilst I still maintain an opposition to a #PeoplesVote which includes Remain as an option, this is a fantastic clip of Madam Former Speaker. Passion, conviction, and a lot of common sense. Wish there were more like her!
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
Too little to late
A REAL HEADLINE FOR ONCE: Seeds taken up to the Moon by China's Chang'e-4 mission have sprouted Genuinely amazing! (Maybe there is life after Brexit?)
reuters|Stocks tripped by earnings angst, sterling huddled for Brexit vote|
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
Here's what happens if Theresa May loses the Brexit vote today
#BrexitVote Brexit puts Britain’s future #OnTheLine The NHS is #OnTheLine Jobs are #OnTheLine Workers’ rights are #OnTheLine The environment is #OnTheLine Wear a clothes peg &amp; show you want a #FinalSay #PeoplesVote on Brexit!
WHAT'S THE BEST BREXIT OPTION FOR BRITAIN? I voted SECOND REFERENDUM on CNN International. What's your vote?
I was contacted by a BBC journalist yesterday, after they found my tweets. We had a phone call earlier this morning and I was asked about a possible TV interview. I’m so glad this is being covered, med shortages are effecting many people. #brexit #chronicillness #chronicpain
These are EU laws not where working conditions in Germany, Sweden etc are better than the UK workers rights!? What in here are you worried about losing post Brexit?
Well this is great..Fed clowns speaking during Brexit vote. Might as well not even trade this afternoon, unless you like experiences similar to coming out of anesthesia
40 minutes into the last day of the Brexit date and the chief whip has just made his first appearance in the chamber for a brief whispered word with May before shimmering our again. What plots and schemes are being concocted backstage?
Until May is slung out there can never be a resolution to Brexit. No one trusts her because of her lying but worse than lying is the fact that she has her faults but being wrong is not one of them. She is dangerous - just like anyone else who cannot learn from experience.
Eurogroup chief sees room for more talks to avoid hard Brexit
what is your first priority? Improving Quality of life for most people in the UK or seeing Labour take power? Because if it the first then you will be screaming for all the opposition parties to unite and stop Brexit, and then have a GE going forward
Yes, remember these traitors faces and their colleagues, when they come knocking on your door at the next election.
Mayor Andy Street urges the Government to help Jaguar Land Rover after Brexit: West Midlands Mayor says the Government should provide state aid to troubled carmaker JLR
I am in awe of the and his performance thus far #brexit #backstop
More pish from a Snat...#SalmondSturgeongate
Time to stop lying, fibbing, disseminating and telling half truths. Brexit is a bad idea, conceived by cowards, supported by chancers and will result in a poorer, weaker and marginalised country.
Parliament to vote on Brexit today #Brexit
'Winter is coming’: Gove warns of GOT-style apocalypse if crucial Brexit vote fails
In the last 5 days, I’ve been rationing 9 tablets I had left only using 3 #naproxen. I live with #chronicpain and was recently diagnosed with gout. I was unsure when I would get a new script having already been refused once. We shouldn’t have to ration our medication #brexit
Corbyn would go a long way in dealing with these problems. But we cant have Corbyn in charge. Heaven forbid. Centrist Labour would rather the Tories stay in power.
GDP isn't everything but it's also rather perplexing, seen from outside, that the UK wants to leave a Union, where it's been mostly thriving, &amp; enter the void, then still insisting on the best cherries, for free, from the Union they want to leave... #Brexit
Catastropic defeat is only the prelude to final victory, exults triumphant PM. #FBPE #StopBrexit
The latest Daddyplace Daily News! #brexit #superbloodwolfmoon
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
Today's range expected ... UPDATE ... US PPI as well as Empire State Mfg Index out not satisfying lower than forecast and previous. USD weaker across the board than EUR/USD [+ 15 PIPs]. BRExit vote now expected at 3 pm EST.
You and should make a Brexit board game!
Literally killing Brexit voters.
How Tuesday’s Big Brexit Vote Will Play Out — And What Happens If The PM Loses
‘Brexit has turned into the British exit from civilised debate – the sooner we do away with it, the better’
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT
With Brexit we would certainly be out! Beyond that, it's a lot less clear. With either May's deal or No Deal we would just be starting on year's of argument about our relationship with the EU, an argument that some even expect to end in us rejoining.
Overriding question: When she goes, will he? We can only pray (to whichever etc., etc.,)
#PeoplesVote #BrexitVote #BrexitDeal #StopBrexit Just the beginning, language text to follow once we leave. That's the lot living in Spain coming back home soon.
BBCNEWS 5:39am BREXIT DEAL VOTE. Murrison amendment on ending backstop not selected' I BREXIT DEAL VOTE '. Speaker selects four...
Theresa May accused of copying Donald Trump in desperate attempt to win Commons Brexit vote via #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote #RevokeA50
I think Remain is and always was the only sensible policy for the UK. It's not quite all or nothing; if HMG were proposing a less bad soft Brexit deal (something like the fabled "Norway Plus", say) I'd seriously consider it. But they're not.
this is the calibre if MP you should take as your role model.
British PM faces defeat in historic Brexit deal vote:
Brexiteers like to make out they’re driven by ‘saving’ vast amounts of money (which in practice is spent on regional aid in Romania, Bulgaria, Poland etc). Yet they’re utterly unconcerned by the downturn in GDP growth Brexit has caused, more than costing bigger tax revenue losses
2. Despite saying “No deal is better than a bad deal” repeatedly, her new position is “you either take this bad deal or you’ll get no #brexit at all” which is not a thinly veiled threat...it’s just a blatant in your face threat. #BrexitVote
7pm GMT today; Brexit deal vote shutdown. What happen’s next? #Brexit
So easiest way to save that money is to cancel Brexit. The economy would quickly unblock and rebound, and we’d stop wasting all this time and money on a failed policy
May faces defeat in parliament over Brexit plan
Will it be harder to retain talent because of #Brexit? -...
Because crafty Ministers and MPs are trying to keep us in. I really hope May’s botched deal fails massively, it’s about time she got real and delivered real Brexit or go and make way for someone that will deliver, a Brexiteer which is what we should have had in the beginning
Is the Attorney General insane or just high on his own effluence? #brexit
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
Britain's May says she will respond quickly after key Brexit vote
I don't like to swear or say ill of anyone, but dear world, as a South Armagh child , I need to tell you this - Arlene is one fucking liar.
The polls have shown a steady increase for support for #indyref the last 1 saw 53% it's now higher the are isolated #brexit has been a eye opener for many Unionists. Scotland now has 70% in favour of #EU
We have many people supporting this message, because they know just how bad #Brexit will be! #DanishTV
Lots of people find it hard to forget the past, but the party is very different from then (not that i remember as i was born 82’). We are now pro-brexit. Take a look at our new declaration at
The sad thing about is he's probably one of the only people who actually understands the Single Market! The problem is as soon as he tries to explain what it is the public don't have a clue what he's talking about as its so Bloody complicated! #Brexit #BrexitVote
Bossing it.
She means a wall, doesn't she, she thinks of a hard border as in the iron curtain, tbf that's the image many in GB, both punters &amp; pols, have too, that's why cameras etc. seemed a reasonable proposal,.
Let's hope Brexit isn't the end of peace at home but, the start of unity in on Earth.
But it is NOT Brexit
Colossal arrogance of this woman. Remove her red lines and the deal changes immeasurably.
If you only watch one video today make it this one.
Time to pull away! 'BREXIT means BREXIT I once heard. Britain has pioneered engineering and industry over the decades. Entrepreneurs can build the UK to greater heights without a failing EU who have diluted the UK expertise over the past 40 years!
This is my favourite bit of Brexit - where the brown sticky turd of incompetent political bluster finally collides with the fast spinning fan of legal and economic reality, and everybody gets splattered.
Getting irritated by people who demanded parliamentary sovereignty saying parliament shouldn't get a vote on #Brexit whilst also saying a further referendum would betray the will of the people. #PeoplesVote
The British Parliament votes today on Theresa May's Brexit deal. Aside from May's proposal, writes , all Brexit alternatives are either logical impossibilities or scenarios that would create real winners and real losers.
The "best possible deal" does not mean it's a good deal. It's worse than vomit. #NoDeal #Brexit #StandUp4Brexit
The latest the #business #consulting news! Thanks to #brexit #schnee
Good luck today, UK.
Theresa May’s Cabinet split down the middle as her Brexit deal careers towards landmark Commons defeat - who's reported on defeats inflicted on Thatcher, Major, Blair, Brown and Cameron - with latest on May's Brexit woes in
Voting against May Brexit deal will damage democracy, says Gove
Now I've seen the EU in action alongside our spineless Government, I would definitely vote leave again. I'm curious, what would you vote this time? #brexit
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
Brexit means Brexit.
This shambles has been engineered by the govt Brexit is simple, we voted to leave and that's what the govt should have done, deal or no deal. We should have been out for 2 years now and thriving
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
No deal is the only deal
More would get done in this country if parliment didn't have to say "my honourable friend" in every sentence #brexit
Why don't you just tell the truth. Brexit is for everyone else in the UK, but not for you as you've set up business in Dublin.... and will make millions
It's Brexit decision day as UK Parliament will hold key vote on PM's bill
Maybe in 40 years time. May vows there will NEVER be a new referendum on Brexit while she is PM
The real thing #MPs are voting on today is not #Brexit or #WTOLetsGo it is the legitimacy of #Parliament itself if they deny the democratically expressed will of the people.
I'm very confused. Why is it wrong to hold another referendum but right for Theresa May to take her deal back for another vote when it's defeated?
USA vs United Kingdom USA - Shutdown first - then talk ! UK - Talk first - then #Brexit !! #IGES #GeMaP #USA #UK
If you live in the Stirling constituency &amp; you agree that your MP is disrespecting his constituents referendum vote in 2016, write to him (politely as possible) &amp; tell him what you think. 67% voted to remain in EU. His email is in his profile.
If he had said a general election, following a clean Brexit, I may have voted Labour but a man intent on ruining Brexit after massive bulk of Labour folk voted for Brexit is a betrayal of us and of democracy which he proved to despise. Take a long hard look at this dictator.
I could never "support" #Brexit, but I'd respect the result &amp; expect it to be implemented. Difference from 2016 is that facts are now clear. No more voting for false promises &amp; lies.
This seems to have been missed by the media.
INT. KITCHEN - LUNCHTIME Me: *switches radio on* Radio: weathery stuff Me: *makes toast* Radio: brexit-doom-idiot-historic-backstop-tins of spam-breathless journo Me: *destroys radio* *returns to study*
MPs are lining up to say why they won&amp;#8217;t be voting for Theresa May&amp;#8217;s Brexit deal
Defend brexit without a sound bite... and go.
Seriously?? I never realised that for a name change. I wonder if we will have to pay again for new passports once Brexit starts. Bloody hope not.
Build a Bear Workshop lowers full year revenue forecast as Brexit looms via
So who do those of us who don't have Brexit-supporting MPs vote for? My husband has said he won't vote Tory. I can't see myself voting for TM because she's not delivering Brexit. Do I just give up?
No one held her to account when she formed a government despite being in a minority and not having a deal with the DUP, yet. She treats rules and convention with contempt as she clings to power while others dither
It's nothing to do with Brexit, though.
It's Brexit decision day as UK Parliament will hold key vote on PM's bill
No. Your transport policies will be the major factor in job losses and closed businesses in London.
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
Just in case you missed it. Actual footage of 's interview with on importing meat products after #Brexit. A masterclass in professional journalism.
Watching #BrexitVote debate and my 11 month old son decided to grab the remote and turn it off. I guess it's true, young people are fed up with #Brexit...
The Labour Party should now be giving a principled lead to remain and defend freedom of movement. A “People’s Brexit” or “Jobs first Brexit” is not possible and further immigration controls would boost the reactionary forces driving Brexit. #BrexitVote
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
May faces defeat in parliament over Brexit plan
Tonight's vote is the start of whittling down the #Brexit options. MPs have to decide what #Brexit they want, not just what they don't want. WATCH our latest video with
Fortnite streaming on Twitch in one window, BBC Parliament showing the Brexit debate in another, while I edit a podcast. A perfect 2019 afternoon.
hello Stephen! Can I have an e-mail, we are interested in you to give a presentation about Brexit in the Canary Islands...sunny regards
We've got less than 24 hours left to stop Theresa May's bad Brexit deal. If we work together we can end this mess and get a People's Vote. Sign up at
British PM faces defeat in historic Brexit deal vote
The Brits voted narrowly for #Brexit Thinking it was time to exit From the EU But today, whew! Parliament tells May to forgets it!
Reuters: May faces defeat in parliament over Brexit plan
A Brexit Sterling punt on the Government losing tonight’s “meaningful vote” - via #Brexit #GBP #USD #EUR #Forex
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
Can you remember this? this is how all the thick cunts spouting bollocks about no food medicine after Brexit, thick bastards know nothing #Retards
If you're still banging on about the German car industry etc, you've clearly not paid any attention Brexit discussions outside the UK.
Aka the main reason why we should have a House of Lords: Plainspoken common sense instead of waffling in fear of the whip.
The unelected, appointed Government has tried for 2 years to provide a deal acceptable to the elected MPs in Parliament. They have failed. Time has come to ask the people to choose between the Deal or Remain.
May’s Brexit deal would impede trade, harm growth, hinder businesses, slash public revenue, and leave everyone worse off. Time to go for a #PeoplesVote or simply #RevokeArticle50 via
He doesn't need one when he's getting all that £££ from #Soros...
'I won't ever vote again': Stoke bemoans Brexit 'bickering' – The Guardian
Remainacs are deluded. They clearly believe everything being said in their bubble. Not one reason for staying. They don't even talk about North Africa and the need for an army to defend the borders.
What makes you think they trust you now?
#BrexitVote #PeoplesVote on fire.
The people voted LEAVE to take back control. WTO BrExit does that. We want them to just get on with it. WTO BrExit does that.
With hospitals and schools being used to enforce the hostile environment, the sooner this shameful administration goes down the better. Same goes for #Brexit, obvs.
This thread on #BrexitVote #BrexitShambles
All nicely timed to coincide with the Brexit hoorah.
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via #NYT The New York Times
#bbcnews #brexit Geoffrey Cox has explained more about the Brexit deal than ALL the MEDIA and #Tories have done in 2 years. Some I have found interesting if not very believable about the backstop. If sooo disliked on both sides why is it in there?
Stocks tripped by earnings angst, sterling huddled for Brexit vote
Brexiters’ delusions on trade die hard.... this is a must read for Brexiters’. #Brexit.
I thought I'd just help Jim Shannon's brexit statement with this corrected one, in case he's forgotten the opposing view.... (Brexit) “It’s not what we want, but it’s where we are. As long as we are *in* Europe, that’s where we want to be.” #BrexitVote #BrexitDeal
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
Join our #Brexit live webcast on the 23rd January where our panel will be discussing developments from the outcome of the Meaningful Vote and what this means for businesses leading up to 29th March 2019: #BeyondBrexit #TimetoAct
[New York Times] "May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?"
Forget the croissants, "A year in Provence", Simone de Beauvoir, Sartre, or your next holiday in #France. #Macron is making your favorite cheese stink of fascism, the Bordeaux you like taste of blood, the culture - beaten down, the french spirit - gassed. #Brexit
Today in the world: "May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
Westminster chaos looming as MPs set to reject disastrous Tory Brexit deal – latest updates
So in the event of a no deal Brexit the UK will not send ANY troops or equipment to the Irish border and dares the EU or Ireland to do so, but within moments of the backstop coming into force every inch of our fishing boundary will be patrolled by Royal Navy warships?
Joining in 20 minutes to talk #forex markets. It’s a great day to do it with #brexit on the minds. $GBPUSD $EURGBP $GBPJPY
. tells he can foresee the end of the Conservative Party, as a result of tonight’s #Brexit vote and subsequent events
Interesting
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
And on day of the Brexit meaningful vote, a promoted tweet appears
No one is worrying about the shaky start to earnings season. Even $UNH beat solidly and is -2%. Not looking good bulls. Throw in shutdown and Brexit flop and you lose this bear market rally.
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
Hilarious! Tory minister shows notes predicting 'No food' after no-deal Brexit via
I WON'T quit! May tells Cabinet she will cling on and try to pass her Brexit deal AGAIN even if it falls to the worst defeat ever in Commons showdown tonight #Forex #ForexTrading #AIM
Ask a different question and the results are very different
I honestly don't get that at all. Seriously what did the public vote for? The leave campaign lied and did not set out exactly what Brexit meant. So what should we do.. just push on regardless or think of the national interest and make sure that we get it right.
Agree entirely Jack. I was supposed to be on a week’s skiing in Aspen! And now they expect me in Westminster for Brexit. Bastards!
Any MP that votes for May's deal today should be deselected. This is a Tory Brexit.
Bananas are no longer fruit. Is this because of Brexit?
I hoped decentralisation, localised management, making own laws would be a good thing. Now I cant shake the feeling brexit is just the establishment avoiding investigation into tax havens, trusts: the platform for global corruption.
Voting against Brexit deal could lead to united Ireland, warns PM May
Possible rioting if full Brexit does not go ahead ?
Brexit backs parliamentary sovereignty. 10th principle of Democracy: 'It is undemocratic and illogical for anyone to vote away their own right to self-determination. Democracy has no right to commit suicide'. MPs have no right to turn us over to the EU
Brexit is turning Britain into a wasteland.
when will brexit believers grasp that the EU isn't going to act against its interests to help us out of this mess?
He doesn’t want to risk losing out on Brexit so he doesn’t want to ballot anyone.
I'm sick of Brexit now to the point of apathy. But here are all the reasons why it's a load of shit. Remember people, we are still living among 17million idiots who still believe this shit.
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
To quote my good friend Victoria: 'Well my fellow EU citizens, it's 'D-Day'. Except Brexit begins with a B so I suppose it's 'Bidet'.'
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
the winter he campaigned for.
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT
There is no ‘good Brexit deal’ though is there? The EU was not stopping the UK government from investing in infrastructure to support communities, austerity did that, the conservatives did that and leaving the European Union will not fix it.
The British people should get the final say on the Brexit deal, with the option to remain in the EU. Agree? Add your name:
Through all of the Brexit madness Keir continues to talk sense. He is one of only a few politicians who has stayed true to his word. Well done, your word is your bond BBC News - 'We’re being asked to endorse a blind Brexit' - Sir Keir Starmer
After Brexit vote: No 10 draws up secret contingency plans via
Remain pulls even further ahead of Leave. The will of the people is now clear. May’s deal, or any deal, would be an affront to that will, ergo Brexit is anti-democratic - not the efforts to prevent it! #exitBrexit #PeoplesVote
Imagine if there's a second referendum and we all vote to remain (which should have happened initially) and then after three years of fucking about, we're in the same position we were in 2016 before the first one. Well done politicians, efficient work. #brexit
Should I Stay or Should I Go? Today Is The Big Brexit Vote. But Is The Plan Doomed?
When you combine this wth Brexit, it sure feels like something is about to go down.
Geoffrey Cox - Attorney General - is giving a theatrical performance in the House of Commons #Brexit debate. Not sure he is advancing his gov’ts cause. He has likened Northern Ireland to the Canary Islands and has been told off by the Speaker for waffling.
What’s the magic number that would equate to a ‘victory’ in terms of May’s defeat margin, allowing a return to EU and/or 2nd vote? Depends who you’re listening to, what you’re reading - each side wants to claim a victory. PR battle well under way on expectation mgmt #brexit
This is the best opportunity for independence in living memory, the flaws of an English-heavy system have been made abundantly clear n the Tories have shown utter contempt for Scotland by no even mentioning us in the Brexit agreement, Scotland for the millions no the millionaires
Pound exchange rate: How will GBP Sterling be impacted by Brexit vote TONIGHT? -
Literally every single person I know wants a GE. Not just because of brexit but because we have the most corrupt and clueless government in living memory
Ok, let’s get this Brexit deal/no deal dealt with, so we have a clearer of picture of where Scotland goes from here. With the terms of Brexit soon to be known one way or another, it surely clears the path for a new referendum on Scottish Independence.
He drew the short straw in the London newsroom today and is watching today's Brexit debate in Parliament. Go read what the Right Honourable has been up to:
Why don't we just Marie Kondo the #Brexit negotiations? I mean is this really sparking joy for anyone I don't think so. Just gently fold it into the bin, Theresa.
Attempting to bury more bad news under the headlines today. Yet again it is the most vulnerable in our communities that are being targeted. This needs to stop.
FTSE 100 price: What is happening to FTSE today ahead of CRUNCH Brexit vote? -
Brexit, Steve King, Carol Channing: Your Tuesday Briefing - The New York Times
Patrick Minford is not the most accurate economist as just claimed by Jacob Rees Mogg; he is the most inaccurate. Here's the proof
Should I Stay or Should I Go? Today Is The Big Brexit Vote. But Is The Plan Doomed?
German FM Maas says if Parliament rejects May's Brexit deal, there could be new talks with the EU
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
Tonight's #Brexit season finale promises to be fascinating. Looking forward to a last minute plot twist from House May. (Tip to the backbenchers: if "The Rains Of Castamere" starts playing, make sure you know where the door is.) #GameOfThrones
Brexit and this shambles is just natural realignment putting Britain back to where it was before empire... A backwater. Britain just couldn't handle the heights of empire but this should humble it.
At this stage the British are like that awkward person who wants to help clean up after a party in your house and you just want them to go home. #Brexit #BrexitVote #BrexitShambles
Regardless of where you stand you must be prepared for all scenarios. To say the U.K. is not prepared means either you, as an elected MP, is lying or Her Majesty's Government is. #BrexitVote
All I get is this guff when I repeatedly ask ‘what’s the point of a second vote when the ‘elites’ ignore them?’
via David Mundell: We'll re-run the Brexit vote until we get the result we want
I wonder what Gladstone (and De Gaulle) would make of this? #Brexit
[#Event] We are organising an event about the impact of #Brexit on the #PaysDeLaLoire #angers with and others. Translation will be provided (English/French). Sign up here:
Sick of hearing everyone bang on about brexit isotonic’s are 39 pence now chill the fuck out
Is it #May Day? #brexit
Andrew you are a cxnt that's not a crime and how come the public don't get protected from the far left extremist shit that you lot shout out every single day ...bring on brexit can't wait to see you lot whimpering
Besides the fact that Labour are as split as the Tories on #Brexit. SNP have been solid with their answer from the start. #Trident is another reason JC would never get my vote, he's never been clear about it... SNP have. In this time of uncertainty, we vote for certainty.
5. Endorsing Brexit (and likely Hard Brexit, since Goodwin wants us to stick to the original timetable come hell or high water) will make society fairer, the economy more equal, and politics stronger. (How? Doesn't matter! Just BELIEVE!!!)
Should I Stay or Should I Go? Today Is The Big Brexit Vote. But Is The Plan Doomed?
Brexit Theresa May faces 'meaningful vote' on her deal -
6. Literally anything else is the path to division, populism, and polarization. (So nothing like the path being trampled by the various PRO-Brexit factions? And what about that pesky 48%, including majority of Scotland and N.Ireland? Pfffttt... get on board!).
From the #agitprop #legend that is ... This book must be doing the rounds today at #Westminster prior to the crucial #Brexit #vote
Despite the attempt at academic gravitas, Goodwin doesn't strike me as some dispassionate scholar. He sounds like a scholar regurgitating the usual Brexit populist talking points because he agrees with them. That's fine but you know...
Frustrating thing about this story is that there absolutely has been a lot of disinformation about Brexit - a lot of it came from the Right, and the Tories didn't really seem like they were pushing back on it. Until now, when it's probably too late.
Politically, it is important to emphasise 'reconsider', so as to enable Brexiters (who oppose the WA and no deal) to back revoke - they can still pursue their Brexit dreams. I think, eg, that revoke is a better 'pivot' for Labour than a people's vote. 4/
CRUSH #THERESAMAY’S #BREXITDEAL TODAY. Her deal must be defeated. It is the worst deal in history that does not deliver #Brexit. It is a #fakeBrexit designed to overturn the vote &amp; maintain #EU rule over the #UK. This crap deal must be routed by #MPs! #StandUp4Brexit
The attorney general pantomime tone trying to stir up support. Eloquence does not hide the reality of your poor governments lies and betrayal. Save it for the west end! #brexit #shesbehindyou
Helpful #Brexit analogy
WATCH LIVE Final Brexit debate ahead of crucial vote
And here we are!
Watching the Attorney General in the Commons. Is he auditioning for the Shakespeare Globe? Seriously man, this is not about your oration! Do these people know how this looks to the public??! #Brexit #BrexitDeal
We will not Brexit quietly into the night!
The CBI back Brexit.
So which parts of Brexit in the original form are you anticipating will provide the most concrete benefit to the UK population, Steve?
The words "Armageddon" and "doomsday" get misused and overused a lot, still -
Meanwhile, the rest of us look at the consequences of no deal and set the #borderpoll clock one minute closer to midnight #HardBrexit
To start with, he voted to have the referendum in the first place. He sowed seeds of discontent blaming the EU for everything in the years prior. He then whipped his MPs to abstain from an EEA membership vote and voted for Article 50. Refuses to oppose Brexit to this day.
We have people starving in this country. This is after 40 years in the EU. The UK pays Europe £16bn pa. We get £5bn back. Not much of a bargain is it? #GeneralElectionNow
Well done Great speech on Brexit and this constituency.
I don't wish to be alarmist, but is apparently not going to be at the Great Sept of Westminster tonight for the #Brexit vote and has been seen stockpiling jars of green fluid...
#BrexitVote If MPs for Scotland or Wales attempt to frustrate the will of the British people, MPs representing those who voted for #Brexit should make it their business to block any future legislation promoted by the MPs from Scotland or Wales.
An empty Brexit bus... #SignOfTheTimes #RevokeArticle50 #BrexitVote
Watch last day of the Brexit debate live here: #BrexitVote
EU confirms no UK MEPs means default Brexit 2 July latest. New ref ruled out by timescale via
Oh no! Anything but the whip. Anything?
I WATCH WITH ATTENTION THE DECISION OF BRITISH PARLIAMENT, BECAUSE IT WILL REVEAL SOMETHINGS CONCERNING THE DIVINE PROJECT. BREXIT IS PART OF PRO-APOCALYPTIC PERIOD. BREXIT IS NOT ONLY POLITICS, BUT HAS ALSO AN APOCALYPTIC MEANING.
The #PrimeMinister pensive in Parliament. WATCH LIVE #defeat #nodeal #Brexit
News Daily: Brexit deal deadline and police force 'failings'
“Bollocks to brexit”
£39,000,000,000 which will currently be BORROWED to be repaid by your children and grandchildren. #Brexit
Is the taxpayer funding these cretins to live-tweet what they are watching in TV now?
I have this awful feeling that our dictator, Frau May will have bribed and threatened enough of her minions to actually get her botched brexit plan passed... I sure hope I am proved wrong!
Stand up to Trump abt shut down. Look@ polls!.Rs blamed w/Trump but he's one who threatened months maybe a year. U need 2 save party fr impulsive POTUS. There must B large group of Rs who see writing on wall. Brexit failing. Trump similar. Get to him pls. Save conservs
: RT : LIVE: Theresa May's Brexit battle: Speaker John Bercow screws the government by ignoring the amendments it favours.
Hubris, conceit etc? Words that could never be associated with the grifters of #Brexit. Come back to me when you have planning permission for "Jerusalem, in England's green &amp; pleasant Land." I won't hold my breath though
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
Buckle in – it’s going to be a hell of a week. via
It appears I have followed well the #Brexit discussions in UK - could even help with negotiations. This is a hilarious quiz from the Guardian.
7pm GMT today; Brexit deal vote shutdown. What happens next? #Brexit
People with no stake on the future wouldn't have a say on it , that's why we're in this Brexit mess. Whether or not you paid tax all your life , that's for your pension and services. Give me a non emotional argument why they should?
#CAGEurope GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks tripped by earnings angst, sterling huddled for Brexit vote #ReutersCES #EU #BusinessNews #Finance #Brexit
of course they will stop brexit, didn't you know there are 2 very different democracies, there's the public democracy and there's the parliamentary democracy show up for all to see by &amp; Dominic Grieve
Everyone suffers
Quiz: how well have you been following Brexit? I got 14 out of 15.
A no deal Brexit is NOT damaging. It opens up trade all around the world, saves 39 billion and gets us out of a dictatorial regime that is the EU, which has stripped this country of manufacturing. There is no benefit in the EU. That's why France and Germany want out now
I'm so sick of Brexit I got 12 out of 15 correct Friends! (I got Q 7/11 &amp; 14 wrong.)
I wouldn't even bother trying to explain... probably blame brexit anyway given his twitter name....
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
I’m with you on that one we never asked or voted for a deal before we are out anyway
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
The PM faces a likely defeat in the House of Commons on her Brexit deal tonight - both Oldham MPs expected to vote against it. Read more:
DUP Will Not Be Backing May's Brexit Deal, Foster Says
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
Sorry Paul. Whilst I admire her tenacity she did everything wrong. She shot her bolt by unnecessarily invoking Article 50 without consultation, planning or consensus. She has never convincingly made the case for #brexit and she was nasty as Home Secretary.
That’s precisely the problem with brexit. People will go fucking rabid to get and screw the consequences. Morons.
There is no such thing as a No Deal brexit we will be leaving on the terms as stated in Article 50 (WTO)that in itself makes a deal.
The #Remainers don’t seem to realise that the electorate will severely punish those who foist another referendum on them. There will be many more Brenda Memes saying “Not another one?” They should be careful what they wish for. #PoliticsLive #Brexit
Smiling thru the pain that is "'Brexit™'"
Finally, a bus with a Brexit message I can trust. HT for spotting it outside #westminster
No, you were not elected to decide what type of Brexit to deliver, you were simply instructed to implement it.
This is a must-watch. | #Brexit
If Brexit has taught me one thing it's that there are lot of MPs who have put their country and constituents above their personal wealth and ambition and there is you.
It shows how 2faced backstabbing lieing little toerags they really are
The idiots are out again! #vote #meaningfulvote #Brexit
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
Amendments to PM's Brexit deal selected
Why don't you get a job. Will you be apologising after Brexit when everything is fine for all the scare you've promoted?
On at 1:55 - latest on investigations after two people die in a house in Glasgow's Southside, Brexit reaction ahead of tonight's vote and new drug-driving laws for Scotland.
If you’re a Taxi driver in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a disaster for you. If you live in Wales then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this disaster! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
The latest European Affairs! Thanks to #germany #brexit
Historical numbers for comparing the Brexit vote | Bailiwick Express UK
No-deal Brexit: UK drivers living in EU may need to pass driving test
With #Brexit division and indecision, join me in my favourite childhood prayer, for and the whole opinion spectrum ‘God, grant me SERENITY to accept the things I cannot change; COURAGE to change what I can; and WISDOM to know the difference’
Remain now at 54% and rising.
Airlocks, backstops - a lot of jargon already in today's important #brexitvote - so what will MPs be voting on? Here are some of the key points from Theresa May's draft Brexit withdrawal agreement.
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
Why exactly?
Life after #Brexit: A New Road For the #GreenEconomy, But the Destination Remains the Same
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
JC happy to go along with Brexit decision &amp; not really interested in overturning it
News Daily: Brexit deal deadline and police force 'failings'
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
Owen Smith thinks one party wishing to take power should ignore the majority of voters to satisfy his own personal beliefs Fucking snake
'Difficult to foresee any positive outcome' on Brexit, former diplomat Pierre Vimont says
well put and they will gain the most out of brexit chaos
Brexit is good simply because it makes degenerates like you mad. But for a host of other reasons as well
Brexit: Theresa May faces 'meaningful vote' on her deal
If a brexit ‘No deal’ isn’t delivered how bad do you think rioting will be on the streets?
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
Read the thing... Misleading ...the 8% figure is apparently on whether to vote on this draft deal it is not about a 2nd referendum on having a brexit or remaining in EU
It's a huge day for Brexit — but the divorce deal appears doomed via
Closing this acc in a couple of days. Twitter is crap. All the best accs have been shut down &amp; now it’s just bores droning on about bloody Brexit. Might try again next year
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
Hoping for a historic defeat for a historically shit idea #BrexitVote #brexit #NoMoreUnicorns
Not the way you are trying to encapsulate it. You're interpretation is the same as, short-termism, viewing Brexit as "solely a risk management exercise.
Cox: transition will be like an “airlock”. An airlock allows the human body to adopt to a new environment &amp; this deal will allow the UK to adapt to the bright new world on offer after Brexit. Note: this is not how airlocks work. Brexit = throwing the UK out of the airlock?
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
Some may feel naked, exposed to harsh realities. And others crack on and deliver Brexit. Have faith in out Great Nation. Have courage.
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
If anyone desires a break from the barrage of Brexit news, why not escape by reading about previous rounds of British neighbourly disputes. My MRes dissertation on the north of England during the First War of Scottish Independence is now available online
FAILURE IS LEAKED! YOU DO NOT ONLY HAVE FAKE NEWS AROUND, YOU HAVE A FAKE #BREXIT PLAN #BrexitVote
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
Being asked by non-brits what the likelihood is we will be having a second referendum/general election/no deal Brexit [delete as appropriate]
People with no stake on the future shouldn't have a say on it , that's why we're in this Brexit mess. Whether or not you paid tax all your life , that's for your pension and services. Give me a non emotional argument why they should?
Young white man here. Voted leave. All my young white male friends voted leave. We don't plan on dying anytime soon. #Brexit
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" via NYT The New York Times
VIEW FROM THE CHEAP SEAT Arthur Miller's #AnEnemyofthePeople "a war on truth, on majority rule and the realisation that corruption is everywhere." Tonight, 7:30 #Southwark Box office: 020 7261 9876 #LondonTheatre #politics #Brexit
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT
We'll start them in April.
Wondered why Theresa May is pushing her seemingly doomed #Brexit deal to a vote? Here's why:
Brexiteers owe Dominic Grieve and Gina Miller a debt of gratitude
So the attorney General is looking forward to a bright new world after Brexit. Do we know which country he is planning to retire to?
“We never had a hard border” Oh Arlene..... #WithdrawalAgreement #Brexit #DUP #BrexitChaos
You are so negative. Theresa May will have huge support for her deal, and all will be well, ... the pound will increase in value ...
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
Give it all up and revoke Article 50.
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
Internal Tory democracy: Theresa May - VOTE FOR ME OR HAVE THE WHIP REMOVED + NO RESELECTION COME THE NEXT ELECTION if &amp; when vote of no confidence happens after Brexit vote. Reports coming in of Tory MPs now prepared to back her -GRAVYTRAIN overrides all.
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
And here's the main reason for the Labour to disrupt #Brexit plans. Next step – general elections?
yes the ballot paper wasn't quite that.... what about your absolute lies to people before vote?: If you vote something after been misled by a scam campaign (and a no existing remain one), it would be right and democratic to revoke that vote
Praying for our country and praying for all those who will be voting on brexit tonight.
I expect I'll be busy tomorrow sorting out this Brexit it just me that's fed up with seeing politician after politician on TV saying the same thing over and over again,and why on earth did they need five days to waffle on about it.
Agreed. But these demographic changes havent quite kicked in yet. And for Brexit it is possibly less prevalent since 1 in 3 Leave voters is BAME whereas less than 3 in 10 Tory voters was BAME. So the demographics are a bit different.
There is an alternative! "This is unavailable" Very #Brexit
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
Every week is an historic week or a crucial week for Brexit. I'm bored of it now.
G'wan, Betty!
This *is* #Sturgeon/#Snp
Brexit is now so weird that the leader of DUP is gaslighting the Troubles
Nope, you've destroyed a good message with remain nonsense and scare mongering. Nobody voted for anything except to leave the EU, keep the rest of your barmy demands out of Brexit.
Brexit has nothing on this.
Why May will cling to No Deal #Brexit #Indyref2 #DissolveTheUKUnion
IMO - The only way the EU gets serious on discussions is if we leave first. Right now they are hoping such a shitty deal means we stay. Brexit effects the just as much as it does the UK.
Read the thing... Misleading ...the 8% figure is apparently on whether to vote on this draft deal it is not about a 2nd referendum on having a brexit or remaining in EU
‘How Theresa May’s Brexit deal was killed off by her own incompetence’
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
Ignore the taunts. I'm sorry this is what you've had to go through. I hope MPs will use today to send a message out to Theresa May on #Brexit - I still choose and want to remain in Europe. Everything considered, it is still the better option for the UK.
Stoke Newington Pizzeria Offers Discount for Brexit People’s Vote: Plus more London restaurant news today:
$GBP $GLD $GC_f #FX #Forex #Gilt #Brexit #BrexitVote
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
His fairly robust defense of his speakership during points of order yesterday showed how focused he is on using his office as he sees fit, despite attacks on him. Haters can ‘lump it’ he reaffirmed. #Brexit
Must confess i enjoy all this brexit stuff,hopefully it’ll go on for a few years yet. However i object strongly to Vince Cable’s hat. Dreadful attempt to draw attention to himself. Sad. #BrexitDeal
Go fuck yourself
*pretends to be shocked*
Rosslare’s Brexit emergency plan could take five years #irishbiz #Ireland #Irish #Sme
#BrexitVote #Brexit "Nick Boles bill: Give the gov 3 weeks to get a plan B through #parliament. If fails, give the liaison committee (the committee of all chairs) the responsibility to come up with its own compromise deal. Then to the #Commons for a vote"
Kinda in line with this. Despite the uncertainty - but I think a failure is priced in.
LEAVE MEANS LEAVE. NOT THE OKEY COKEY. What will happen if Parliament passes Theresa May’s Brexit deal?
Vote Leave, the official pro-Brexit campaign from the 2016 poll, is bidding to sue the Electoral Commission via
Rosslare’s Brexit emergency plan could take five years #irishbiz #Ireland #Irish #Sme
How long before : " LEAVE " wil be : " BACK TO EU "
DENMARK LOSES 226 BILLION DKK IN EXPORTS IF BREXIT IS NO DEAL - is May working for EU or for UK ????
The chap from Downton Abbey is in fine voice this afternoon in the commons debate #Brexit
HRH expresses how I feel today about the #brexit scenario - a combination of quiet #despair &amp; devout #prayer
What time is the Brexit vote? And more of your questions answered
History books won't remember the rigid nostalgic DUP, that need Northern Ireland community division, to survive.
Stocks tripped by earnings angst, sterling huddled for Brexit vote
How did we allow the remainers to hijack Brexit? National disgrace
Sod Brexit. Sod Remain. The whole thing is acting like a giant smokescreen. By design or accident, “They” continue to screw you. And you are all taking it. Government ‘sneaks out’ £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote
FOX BIZ NEWS: UK Parliament on cusp of historically momentous Brexit vote
Does this one just tell lies for a living? #rhi #BrexitShambles
Anyone else received one of these through their letterbox - or has some wethergammon taken it upon themselves to be TM’s unpaid delivery boy? #brexshit #brexitdebate
No, the massive overspending was by VoteLeave. And now we see LeaveEU / Banks under criminal investigation too. The far right won't win this one 'Steve'. #BrexitBill
Stocks tripped by earnings angst, sterling huddled for Brexit vote
My brexit deal for my vip clients on 2.42 pm. Made massive profits with proof. For vip group just whatsapp +61411206866 #forex #USDJPY #bist #AUDCAD #AUDJPY #sp500 #CADJPY #AUDUSD #EURCAD #EURJPY #EURGBP #EURUSD #GBPAUD #DXY #NZDUSD #USDCAD #USDCHF #USDJPY #BTC #DAX
Once Theresa May’s pathetic excuse for a deal is rejected I hope she will finally stand up to the EU and declare a No Deal Brexit because the EU will suffer A LOT more than the UK. Germany is heading towards a recession which will consequently mean France will be left to hold up
Read the thing... Misleading ...the 8% figure is apparently on whether to vote on this draft deal it is not about a 2nd referendum on having a brexit or remaining in EU
spot on: Brexit “is an old curiosity shop of fake antiques: the Dunkirk spirit, the Blitz spirit, Agincourt, Henry VIII, Winston Churchill, the Spanish Armada”
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
More like 1. May loses vote 2. Corbyn calls for vote of no confidence 3. May wins vote 4. May tweaks deal with meaningless assurances 5. May calls new vote 6. Goto 1 Up until deadline.. Then? #brexit
The vote will be symbolic and the deal will go through using subterfuge and it will be too late to help #Brexit barring physical fighting. I posted an MP whistleblower two days ago saying this very thing. May has to be brought down to win.
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
Government ‘sneaks out’ £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
So far.. Just wait until the weather improves on the Eastern front... Then I believe we shall see more than bullets flying... He has created this chaos, (Trump, brexit, Syria) for a reason.
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE The New York Times
Brexit Vote: Parliament to Decide on E.U. Withdrawal Plan
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
Brexit amendment that might have limited PM's losses is rejected. Speaker fails to select backbench Tory amendment calling for backstop time limit.
For those looking for summaries of the four amendments Bercow has accepted and which will be put to the vote tonight: #BrexitVote
What we know of Theresa May's Brexit divorce deal
Some may feel naked, exposed to harsh realities. And others crack on and deliver Brexit. Have faith in our Great Nation. Have courage.
Blimey, Attorney General Geoffrey Cox, get on with it! This is a prime example of #filibustering! You’re not auditioning for a Shakespeare play, man! Stop waffling, and answer *all* the questions! #brexitvote #geoffreycox #brexit
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
Any time #FBPE quote the only polling company that have Jeremy Corbyn behind, quote them this from YouGov and see if they want to be touting them any longer. They will get whatever result the Tories feel they need that particular week.
this must be a contender, belter of a lie
#UK#s Olly Robbins has been working on #secret #Brexit contingency plans - Livesquawk: Citing a Guardian piece $GBP
Watching them on the news now and they are all a bunch of lying unpatriotic scaremongering ain’t brexit anti democracy bast
..he's still right, because that would be true *under any Brexit scenario*. So the question is whether anything better is possible. My sense is that no alternative is likely (which is a point he makes).
Brexit, is the day of judgment: the London Parliament called for the final vote on the agreement with Brussels. But the truth is that Theresa May did not realize that this plan solved everything. Learn it!
"The Latest: Lawmakers to Get Chance to Amend Brexit Deal" by THE ASSOCIATED PRESS via NYT
This terrifies me. I have a family member who will be very, very seriously affected by shortages if they materialise.
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
All these people that pop up on twitter and sky news talking about Brexit seemingly whilst camped there.... do they not have jobs or families?
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
Briefly watching the Brexit debate - Edward Leigh is a very, very red-faced man! Geoffrey Cox seems to be filibustering his own motion.
LEAVE LEAVE LEAVE LEAVE LEAVE more than ever now !
This vitally important news - more far reaching than any BREXIT noise will be lost in today's political frenzy
I would take the opposing view. Although May was incompetent the original vision as promised by the advocates of Brexit was always unobtainable. A world of sunny uplands where we a lone if wealth nation held all the cards against the largest trading block in the world.
Brexit: Scottish police put officer cuts on hold as they brace for chaos
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
If I wanted to know what business thinks about Brexit I would canvass business men and women. I certainly would not listen to your Remainer twaddle.
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
At this rate, EU should just exit Great Britain. #Brexit #Brexitvote #BrexitDeal #BrexitShambles #TheresaMaysDeal #CorbynBrexitSpeech #Corbyn #BrexitMeansBrexit
theSNP: RT tomfrench85: SNP Economy spokesperson KirstySNP tells BBCPolitics Theresa May’s Brexit deal is not acceptable - it would destroy jobs, harm the economy and damage people’s living standards. SNP MPs will be voting against it tonight. #PoliticsL…
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
Two and half years of intense Brexit debate has led to this.
My mother in Law has just had a letter about Saga platinum card (Irish Bank} i believe saying it will end 28.3.19 and she must pay of any balance before then.I hate to ask this but is it Brexit related
You could have just given us your views on Brexit. Probably more interesting than the lot that or on. If it isnt fixed by tomorrow maybe you could give a tutorial on how to use printers? #missingyou
So, Plan B is actually Plan A? #Theresa #Brexit #Omnishambles
Brexit Vote: Parliament to Decide on E.U. Withdrawal Plan
#BrexitVote All those MP that have held up Brexit should resign when the people voted out then all MPs should have worked for the best deal not stabbed us the voters in the back
He means a real Brexit
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
There are many things going on in the world of geo politics that we do not know about so we have to make sense of these events taking place. What is working against the deep state is that Brexit has forced their hand to accelerate the agenda &amp; the can no longer hide it. Game on.
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
MPs are preparing to vote on whether to back Theresa May’s deal for leaving the European Union. The so-called “meaningful vote” will take place later as five days of debate on Brexit come...
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT
Investment and labour costs top post-Brexit concerns for social housing sector #Brexit #HousingScotland
That’s precisely the problem with brexit, people will go fucking rabid to get it &amp; screw the consequences. Morons.
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
Can you share: and do feel free also to also share this rally in #Cumbria for a #PeoplesVote
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
A RT would be appreciated
Legally, it is important to keep the unequivocal revoke separate from the reconsider. I think that there is a wide legal path... but some of the suggestions I have seen are legally problematic. My case is here: 5/5
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
Parliament on in the background here. All of them are, or will be, busy grandstanding and showing how wonderfully clever they all are as we head into the apparently meaningful vote on #brexit
UK economic growth hits six-month low #UKeconomy #Brexit
The Attorney General tells Edward Leigh that his amendment would not be compatible with our international law obligations. It would not be seen as ratification. So that’s that then. #MeaningfulVote #Brexit #PeoplesVote
this is missing a box for “everything goes to shit and britain is lost in a wilderness of its own making for ever more...”
To keep stating that the U.K. parliament supports ‘no deal’ is to mislead. Whilst this is still on statute from 2yrs ago, there is no majority for this nuclear option. The result will likely be delay of Art.50 and: • no brexit • Norway style arrangement
Angela Merkel told the Bundestag "we have placed value on Britain not being able to decide unilaterally when it ends the customs union".
The BBC coverage of the Brexit withdrawal vote has been routinely awful. Not once have I seen them explain what the ‘backstop’ is. They have a duty to explain this stuff.
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT
Brexit might overshadow earnings as the biggest risk to markets Tuesday -
Exit anyways.
And we were lied to. Just like the vast majority of Labour voters in the last election voted for a Brexit manifesto. Indeed huge numbers also voted leave in the referendum deeply angry- rightly.
Dear oh dear, it’s like ‘Carry on up the Commons’. Whatever the outcome of #Brexit, we ought to overhaul the whole political system and kick this lot out
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
Did they? None of the very few I have spoken to who voted Leave wanted the same thing, and none of them had any idea past the one or two points they wanted Brexit to change.
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
The seriousness and callousness of this can not be overstated. WASPI women set to be attacked again. We need out of this Union now. #DisolveTheUnion #IndyRef
Brexit deal vote day: May facing huge defeat and vote of no confidence in the government
Dear , my MP listening to #politicslive, disappointing that you say your constituents are saying Clean Brexit or Withdrawal Agreement? What is the percentage of this?
A Brexit no deal COULD also end up in 87000 more jobs too
#brexit - i support #NoDealBrexit
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
Not very secret plans...
Do you think of how rEU citizens in UK and UK citizens in rEU would be placed in the case of a no deal Brexit? I do. As a lover of democracy I am shocked that a UK government could contemplate such irresponsible, inhuman action for a single moment.
Like at chess, pawns are expendable if it leads to an advantage.
Funny how they are all suddenly rallying around the PM after months of sabotaging her. It’s like they have suddenly realised they have been talking bollocks for months?
BBCNEWS 5:41am BREXIT DEAL VOTE 7. Labour amendment rejects deal due to no customs union' BREXIT DEAL VOTE. Speaker selects four...
I'm not sure it will be seeing as it's not the hard brexit she's after. More than likely a moderate
What Luck, he was able to avoid Brexit.
Please say the release day is Brexit day ! A side splitting publication to remove the bleakness from our post EU membership lives of famine and rounding up of those pesky immigrants! Please tell me Mcfadden is going to be working at Dover after March 29th ! I shall purchase this!
#Brexit u.k is currently 1:42pm .. vote will start 7:00pm their time (i think?)
No EU Friends should in any way feel unwelcome, young people's horizons will not be limited at all, there is a bigger world out there than the EU. Please look beyond the short term, Brexit offers massive opportunities that we need to grab with both hands
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
Is no deal Brexit compatible with UK’s international obligations?
Feeble, pusillanimous and unprepared interviewers aside, we badly need real time fact-checking. Forgive my bias, but lying has largely been the prerogative of Brexit politicians from the get-go.
Whether you voted for Brexit or oppose the deal (or no deal) that will be dished up, the outcome will be unsatisfactory. Under no other circumstances would an effective leadership permit such failure. is on course for virtual meltdown.
about your Snp bad, contrived nicola Sturgeon/ Alex Salmond non war etc or actual news like English brexit that Scotland didnt vote for
Ahead of today's #Brexit vote, revisit 's "A plea from an Anglophile: Stop banging on about Brexit."
Fancy that.
Brexit: MPs to vote on 'right to terminate' Irish backstop after speaker sele... +1 UKBot #UK #news
God save the Queen and Great Britain. Not good to become an island again.#Brexit
Brexit will lead to sooner than later, Scotland leaving the UK.
Boris Johnson is openly talking about the deep state &amp; it’s nefarious intentions to thwart U.K. democracy.
The GFA is not threatened by Brexit. On the contrary, GFA IS threatened by the backstop.
Meet The New Brexit ‘Doomsday Preppers’: Housewives Stockpiling Food And Medicine
This is what happens when you always take short term decisions to make your life easier. One day you're in the long term.
Fair comment here about the global outlook, though I don't believe the Brexit effect is zero as this prominent Brexiter would have us believe.
brexit food drop?
#brexit mayday, mayday!
Not to mention the 20-30 somethings, who think of Europe as part of their accessible world. What a loss brexit will bring for them.
This has legs
Meet The New Brexit ‘Doomsday Preppers’: Housewives Stockpiling Food And Medicine
Phillipe Lamberts MEP - "We still don't know what Britain wants. We know what they don't want, but there has to be a clear position. #Brexit
Decision day for May's Brexit bill as UK Parliament holds key vote
So what are Labour going to do about tax...EU only body with concrete plans for reform and not sure of Their plans re Brexit.
Local currency nervous ahead of #Brexit vote. Rand softer as traders brace for possible pound volatility via #currency #markets
The build up to this brexit vote is awful. Like playing poker with a 5 and the king of beers beermat. A 5, 10 and Ace come out on the flop. Remainers say one card is not a good hand, Mays banking on maybe 3 5s, Hard Brexiteers want to go all in on a possible royal straight.
A revived UKIP would have the same problem as before - i.e. they can’t get elected. Also interest in #Brexit as a project would become very niche. People are cottoning on that the EU isn’t the problem and so leaving not the solution #bbcwato #wato
Brexit: MEPs pen letter urging Britain to reverse decision to leave EU
See Tories at it again. Poorer pensioner couples to lose £7k + a year. Pension cut sneaked out during brexit chaos.Wonder how many of these pensioners voted Tory and out of EU. Prats name should be Guy Upp-em-all!
Thank you how horrific.......You would think a GP would be able to trigger immediate support. How did trust in our medical profession get so crushed?
What utter crap. Secret documents warning of ‘no food’ after Brexit caught on camera
Deliver what YOU voted for you mean? Correct? To say 52% voted for a no deal Brexit is laughably absurd.
#BrexitVote MPs failing to represent the result of the #Brexit referendum need to consider the political ramifications of attempting to frustrate the will of the people, and particularly their own constituents.
Extending #Article50 should not be an adoption. The Government have had over two years to sort this out. This is another way for #Remainers to stall #Brexit #LeaveMeansLeave
Brexit cereal is just a box of mostly air and the stale broken bits at the bottom of the box.
Why is #skynews calling it #Brexit 'Crisis' in their programme headings, 17.4 million people saw it as an opportunity. #CleanBrexit #meaningfulvote #pmqs
Brexit Reality..
More pro-Europeans than ever thanks to #Brexit
For the struggle they come- For the struggle they leave- where do u belong-??? Most of the population our displaced, there’s no knowing where u may end- #brexit
Our Merchants will tell you, since the #Brexit vote, the price of parts have sky rocketed, along with slower delivery times
Whilst these conversations are vital, radical change needs to be at the centre of them. Agroecology, food justice for all, community all need to be central.
Here's what you need to know about Brexit
Brexit vote: Gove tells Tories they can 'improve' outcome if May's deal passed - Politics live
BBC News - Brexit: Theresa May faces 'meaningful vote' on her deal
What Vote Leave Brexiters #BREXIT think of working class people. #GTTO
No political movement or change in my entire adult life has made any differance! The land of milk &amp; honey will never exist ! #Brexit
"#Brexit uncertainty might compound risk-off mood ahead of key vote. How is this affecting #GBP &amp; other #Currencies find out w/IlyaSpivak:
This is it. Retweet the living bejeezus out of this. Shows the pompous chancer JRM up for what he is. #StopBrexit
Hard to assess counterfactuals. If Corbyn had won outright, he might have pushed Brexit through himself. My point is that he's doing nothing to reach out to people like myself who are natural Labour voters but strongly opposed to Brexit. It's as if he doesn't want our votes.
Of course the Moon landings were faked. Sadly Brexit can't be.
8% for #SecondReferendum vote winner then?
Things are looking up today... finally the will of the majority is seeping through! #Brexit
Why? JRM is a fucking liar, proven to be a liar. Moved his money elsewhere in lieu of Brexit. Doesn't answer questions and redirects by flanneling and picking up on grammar. Fine if you want a Victorian England mind. But he wilted when questioned and then went off on tangents
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?"
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
Please assure me you will be voting against Mrs May's disastrous Brexit plan.
Any time #FBPE quote the only polling company that have Jeremy Corbyn behind, quote them this from YouGov and see if they want to be touting them any longer. YouGov provide whatever result the Tories feel they need that particular week, like the BBC.
So I says, ‘Back my facking Brexit deal, Arlene or I’ll shit in your kitchen sink.’
Also worth mentioning that the drive to get Eastern European countries into the EU came from Britain which in turn was responding to a desire by the USA to limit Russian influence in the region. #Brexit won't lead to the UK being governed in a way that promotes your interests.
Well I was actually taught to respect my elders rather than wanting you dead to swing the Brexit vote to remain.
via If her Brexit deal fails, a no confidence motion might help Theresa May
#UKgenocide for the benefit of #AXA.., #pharmaceuticals and the simple pleasures of very bored, fascists. #BRexit #UK
Brexit absurdities no 572.
Historical numbers for comparing the #BrexitVote...
Exactly!
Which is more surreal ? The behavior of some MPs inside the Commons or the many shades of protestors hanging around outside .... good to see joining the circus today
German Foreign Minister on #BrexitVote: "We don't give up hope that there will be a positive vote" He added: "I believe that the agreement is as it stands and will not be substantially changed, but that, if things go wrong tonight, there will certainly be talks again"
Today the EU is celebrating the 20th anniversary of the Euro. Since the #Brexit Referendum in 2016, it's done rather well against the pound.
#wato Brexit followed by an ad campaign. Nice to see BBC NEWS living up to its name.
'They want the Brexit they were promised.'
GENERAL ELECTION EU confirms no UK MEPs means default Brexit 2 July latest. New ref ruled out by timescale | The SKWAWKBOX
Dear John, I think every important choice as Brexit, or the independence of Scotland (Catalonia, Quebec...) should be solved by not less than 5 to 7 referendums, taking eventually the average discarding the best and the worst result. Like NBA finals.
but the PMs deal isn’t Brexit
, how would vernon dursley react to Brexit?
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
Brexit..today is the day...
What is clear is the only way to secure jobs etc is to #StopBrexit Labour needs to stand up...take the lead and be honest with the public. #Brexit is a crap idea that only hurts the UK. You need to do the right thing come off the fence and stop Brexit.
All stockpiling popcorn for the next few days, but I'm not counting my chickens. I swore there was no way Tories would win last GE. Trump was a fascist orange joke, never going to be Prez. And Brexit was a Tory PR exercise, never going to happen. #NorthWestNostrodamus
MPs seize on German minister's suggestion of further Brexit talks
If you watch one thing today... #brexitvote
Really what happened to unicorns and sunshine you promised because this deal ties us to the E U it is NOT Brexit
Can you believe that this utter tripe is coming from the leader of a major political party?
The UK’s only chance of avoiding a damaging, long-term hard Brexit or the even worse situation represented by May’s deal is a general election and a...
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
Brexit amendment that might have limited PM's losses is rejected
ToyNewsOnline: Build a Bear Workshop lowers full year revenue forecast as Brexit looms via toynewsonline
what are the chances of a post-Brexit Murrain outbreak.
Not while Brexit is the main issue. Another GE now will be dominated by Brexit not on other issues. I’m not saying it should be like that but you'd have to be pretty naive to believe anything else. People who lent Lab their vote in 17 will desert them if they support Brexit
Got bogged down on the beef which at that point was punch to punch.....not enough time spent on the bigger picture and damaging aspect of Brexit re. WTO and the Minford nonsense. That was the bit when O'Brien was pummelling him.
The drug in question is Naproxen. We’ve managed to now source some. Couple of stories I found online. I can’t imagine GPs would highlight this unnecessarily.
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
GREATEST BREXIT INTERVIEW EVER! eats
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
EU confirms no UK MEPs means default Brexit 2 July latest. New ref ruled out by timescale via
As I have said repeatedly, I think May's plan has always been to play a long game to frustrate the Brexit process before trying to thwart it altogether. She is a Remainer. A proper Brexit will never happen with her at the helm. She must be forced to resign. #DitchTheDeal
Totally correct - frying pan and fire come into it what a mess and how out of touch with people.
EXCLUSIVE: Scotland's £11 billion tourism industry is teetering on the edge of a recruitment crisis.
May wants the backstop. Why? For the simple reason that in all future negotiations she can say to parliament that the choice is either break up the union or accept the EU's demands which would be EU membership in stealth. A No deal today takes away that plan &amp; protects the Union.
you are doing a stirling job reporting on #Brexit and asking the difficult questions but if you're talking about Arlene Fosters claims that there was no hard border I think it's you duty to mention there is photographic evidence of one.
The moment Max Hastings realised Remain had lost the Brexit referendum via
Brexit scares me.
It does look likely, yes.
Unbelievable
Salary inflation is at a 53 month high due to Brexit driving a limited number of EU candidates.
Odd that your view of Brexit as "cruel and shameful" only developed after losing the referendum.
it has about as much chance of happening as getting a second referendum, and way more likely than getting the Tories to cancel Brexit, so may as well push for it. especially since it also helps with the whole "Tories are brutal sadists causing incomprehensible suffering" issue.
Sexy Brexit, what have you done, you made a fool of everyone
Sick of hearing about brexit
The best thing about #RemainWankers is their incessant whinging, whining and moaning progressing to insults and deranged behaviour with extreme anger and getting absolutely nowhere, a bit toddlers throwing tantrum in the Supermarket.
The latest El Tweetero! Thanks to #rojoenvacaciones #brexit
Good-bye, Little Britain: Lesenswerter Kommentar!
Even if we accept Steve's OBR report above as being completely true, it does nothing to substatniate the argument that Brexit will cause "huge damage" I think Steve didn't bother reading the text, he just thought the picture looked good!
If there is no winner of deal or no Deal, can there be a whole load of new contestants? #GeneralElectionNow #Brexit
Still waiting for you to describe in detail any of these opportunities. You've had years now!
Via : Brexit decision day: May urges MPs to look again at her EU divorce deal
Elite architects of Brexit are safe, far behind the front line via
For the ALL the reporting on Brexit, there is much more "catastrophic predicting" than an actual COST/BENEFIT for the U.K. Yes or No.
EOT cleaning services offer a clean deal despite Brexit - via
#TheresaMay faces defeat in parliament over #Brexit plan
Anyone else waiting for Brexit to set the country on fire so they have a legit reason to quit their job and live in the woods?
#Deal #Dover war predicted, puts #Brexit into perspective. #Breakingnews
Local radio lunch time phone in on Brexit Passionate arguments from both sides of Brexit divide but I go with the lady towards the end “Bored with it all; it’ll have this impact if we leave, it’ll have that impact if we don’t Most people won’t even notice most people don’t care”
David Mundell - Government could hold more votes on Theresa May's Brexit deal
Today is going to be interesting #Brexit
New post (Opening Bell: Global Stocks Climb; Pound Falters Ahead Of Brexit Verdict) has been published on - U.S. futures, global stocks leap after Beijing announces tax cuts to boost economy Pound remains under pressure ahead of decisive... -
Most recent poll among German businesses on #Brexit: 77% support EU approach 4% EU should be more compromissing 15% EU should be less compromising In short: They realise all forms of Brexit are negative, but sacrificing the EU single market for the UK would be far worse.
Niche take but “Brexit for the Brexit God! Amendments for the Amendment Throne!”
There seems to be no further point in arguing over brexit because regardless of what is said or proved it will make no difference to people expecting to make billions from our becoming part of the new world order. Forget the EU - it's nothing to do with the EU. It's a takeover.
I know you're working for no #Brexit but why isn't everyone?
Euro - good. Sterling - bad. ... cue default free fall statistics graph: #Brexit
Good question
A backbench Tory amendment to Theresa May’s Brexit deal that Downing Street had hoped could limit the extent of her likely losses on the key vote has not been selected by the Speaker, John Bercow, meaning MPs will not get a chance to express their view on it.
Theresa May has made the best deal she could. It’s a million miles away from the sunlit uplands we were promised. But does it count as Brexit? And if not, who decides what happens next? A. Theresa May? B. MPs? C. Leave Voters? D. All Voters?
'If we reach an impasse, yes we've said we'll go for a people's vote.' on An impasse is coming... #Brexit #PeoplesVote #BrexitVote
Well done Joanna. You have exposed PM May for the evil liar she is.
Perhaps this is a sentiment he should have shared with his PM sooner who has treated her fellow Parliamentarians at Westminster, Holyrood, Cardiff and Belfast with contempt since 2016. #Brexit
Possibly this is down to headline choice, but in much of Britain, "voters" are very worried about no deal. This reminds me of the search for Trump supporters in diners in Clermont County, Ohio.
Geoffrey Cox Anyone changed their mind on #Brexit yet having heard his plea
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
Moscow’s Stalinist stooge
Theresa May nods as Geoffrey Cox says the Brexit deal will come back to the Commons "in much the same form with much the same content" if it's rejected tonight. Meet Plan B - the same as Plan A.
Remarkably short-sighted. Tactically, Labour are vulnerable to having their Brexit bluff called by May inviting them to discuss a common position. On a more principled level, the extent of the Brexit divide over Brexit begs some sort of attempted cross-party resolution.
EU ready for new talks with May after Brexit deal defeat
The new hard border to keep those European fancy doughnuts from Stelling honest British doughnut jobs thank goodness for Brexit..
BREXIT is the biggest SCAM the Tories have ever pulled on the electorate.
Briliant from David Squires. Choked on my lunch! David Squires on … football spying and Neil Warnock's Brexit views | Football | The Guardian
On the day of the Brexit meaningful vote, this
Why don’t you just admit that you oppose Brexit completely?
There are too many coincidences here. Brexit has put Europe in its weakest position since the end of WWII and the March deadline is fast approaching.
So when are you going to call a demonstration or form a party to stand candidates at elections?
Another 5 years of Tory rule will be less economically damaging than the generations of economic turmoil Brexit will cause. It’ll be those foodbank users who suffer as a result of Brexit, regardless of whether it’s Tories or Labour who deliver it.
Listening to this and thinking the lyrics would not need to be adapted much for a post-Brexit scenario
Brexit: Majority of Welsh MPs to vote down EU deal
The hope spreads.
Lawmaker delays C-section to attend crucial Brexit vote
Merkel won’t provide extra assurances to May ahead of Brexit vote, post-vote discussions in the cards
No. What we need is a Brexit supporting Government, not your shambolic mob. This will only happen when Theresa May and Hammond get out of Downing Street to be replaced by Boris and Jacob. #nojeremycorbyn
Brexit: Everything you need to know about the 'meaningful vote'
‘How Theresa May’s Brexit deal was killed off by her own incompetence’
The Attorney General has got a future doing voiceovers and audio books. #Brexit
I think you should learn to write proper English I know WTO stands for World Trade Organization &amp; Brexit means Britain’s exit from the E.U. Now stop being a pain in the butt. I’m not looking to be anti E.U. I just don’t want to be part of it.
Thanks for filling my daily quota of Brexit bingo. If you could write a tweet with the words ‘traitor’ ‘elite’ ‘out of touch’ ‘snowflake’ and ‘unelected’ that would give me house. Thanks awfully.
What has happened with Brexit? Anyone know...?
Geoffrey Cox (the Attorney General) has just shot Peter Bone's favorite fox! * #BlueOnBlue #Fratricide #lbc #politicslive #wato #Tories #Brexit #BBCpc #WAdebate #WAvote #BrexitVote * The one about the Lords saying we owe the EU nuffink and certainly not £39bn
See how your MP is planning to vote #BrexitVote #rdguk
“It’s inevitable there would be a Remain option" ’s message to young people in the UK about a potential second Brexit referendum
. on the latest news regarding the vote on Theresa May's Brexit deal. Liberal Democrats will not stop fighting to give the British people the final say on the deal, with the opportunity to stay in the EU. We demand better, and so should you &gt;
When it comes to Brexit I am increasingly relieved that the 'radical left' is a fringe group that most people wouldn't even recognise nevermind listen to (and I say that as a former RISE candidate, by the way)
Get over yourselves, the people voted for Brexit it's time to get on with it.
what on earth is all of this brexit shit !!!!!
Brexit chaos opening up a world of opportunities for the speculators represented by the likes of Jacob Rees Mogg and John Redwood. #wato
Chomsky on Brexit
People who want a second vote are just throwing there dummy’s out because they didn’t get what they wanted the first time. A vote is a vote. Get over it. #Brexit
But nothing clear cut to do with trade. Because... the priority is peace and people’s rights. Brexit is obsessed with trade of goods whereas the biggest impact will be on our worth as human capital and rights as individuals
1pm UK news: Brexit vote, Brexit effect on business, David Duckenfield trial, Tulse Hill station attempted murder, Trump Clemson catering, Robert Hathaway murder, Rahaf Mohammed, Labour party donation fine, Boohoo sales, Johanna Konta, Brexit vote, weather
And, of course, they appear to have broken electoral law, which also destroys any mandate they had to Brexit.
In the midst of the #Brexit debacle &amp; the seriousness of tonight’s vote, I’d like to take a moment to congratulate &amp; #FionaBruce 3 great women newly appointed as the 1st women presenters of key #BBC radio &amp; TV shows. As the title says, a new dawn for #women
As the idiotic Brexit National Suicide swirls around, look what’s slipping under the radar as this incompetent, heartless Government continues to ruin the Country.
The only talking is about what we voted for No Deal No Backstop Stand alone and make Deals after Brexit
Should I Stay or Should I Go? Today Is The Big Brexit Vote. But Is The Plan Doomed? Read the article in today SIGNAL.
Morning Brief: 5 possible outcomes if Brexit deal is rejected today via
Attorney General Geoffrey Cox looks like one of the few people who knows what he s talking about on Brexit
We're cheering and whooping in Spain everytime no brexit is mentioned.
Ishbel Smith examines what the third sector can learn from the Brexit debate
Via : Brexit decision day: May urges MPs to look again at her EU divorce deal
I do care greatly about those without my financial resources. That describes most of my family. Hats by oppose Brexit, which will make us all poorer. I was actually agreeing with you about FoM... but that didn’t stop you accusing me of being selfish...
MPs just received a 10% hike in tax free pay - so just #RevokeArticle50 Please everyone, don't be a prick - just sign these, keep sharing! #CharityTuesday begins with the #NHS ensure medications reinstate nursing burs
UK lawmakers prepare to deliver verdict on Brexit deal
I wonder if Remain would have accommodated Leavers had they won the referendum? Of course they wouldn’t, so why should we extend the courtesy to them? #Brexit
What a time to be alive. A market on what will your country decide to ratio first. Also worth repeating we are choosing to do this to ourselves. #brexit
Good
WTO Brexit is explicitly NOT a deal - it is a default position which no-one campaigned for or voted to support. It was raised by Remain during the referendum as a warning of the dangers of Brexit, and was denounced by Leave as "Project Fear", Your argument is disingenous.
Busy with that Brexit vote today. All bots on deck.
The Brexit deals on the table could result in fewer jobs in the UK. The Government and Parliament should put their differences aside and call for this crucial issue to be returned to the British people to have the final say. #peoplesvote #Represent
Many of Theresa May's fellow Conservative Party members are reportedly poised to join opposition parties in scuttling her Brexit deal.
I need to study off of Twitter til this voting milarky is over. Timeline full of #brexit is making me depressed!!
Eurogroup President Mario Centeno: 'We'll see the result today and we can adjust our trajectory. We can open all the dossiers. We need to take informed decisions with total calm and avoid a no deal exit. Practically anything is better than a no deal exit.'
John McDonnell said if May loses vote that shows MPs have voted no confidence in her. I thought this was important vote for brexit deal itself. Rather than political games? Whether an MP votes for the deal or not I hope their decision is focused on the deal itself #BrexitVote
Don’t blame Brexit for UK wobbles, says ‘Mr Copper’
BBCNEWS 5:42am BREXIT DEAL VOTE '. The UK is due to leave the EU on March 29th ', I BREXIT DEAL VOTE. MPs will vote tonight on...
#Breaking !!! Brexit fungus from Theresa May's Brain found growing on the Fake Chinese Moon .
His timing is atrocious. Funds moved in anticipation of Brexit.
Ordered, hopefully it will get over the Irish Sea before Brexit now!
Corbyn continuing to enable a hard Brexit
You might have missed on Wonkhe: The University of Gibraltar is a very new institution that sits in a unique regulatory environment - and approaches Brexit with pragmatism, hope, and trust in their government. David Kernohan finds out more.
May Faces Worst Government Defeat in 95 Years in Key #Brexit Vote #Conservative #Democrat #News #TheresaMay #WorthyNews
Let’s guess whether they could agree their particular recipe with any other Brexit supporting tea houses
Brexit deal live: Bercow selects four amendments as sterling dips
^^all of this, plus the other category of Brexit advocate: people who will benefit from it, often handsomely
If truth has become so irrelevant and the will of the people so insignificant, why feel the need to address the media at all? I’d rather hear nothing than hear lies... she couldn’t keep a straight face herself as she said that... #BrexitShambles #liar #BBCPolitics
Dear , listening to #politicslive, disappointing that you say your constituents are saying Clean Brexit or Withdrawal Agreement? What is the percentage of this please?
Does the performance of Theresa May over Brexit put the historical analysis of PMs Neville Chamberlain and Ramsay MacDonald into a better perspective? #Brexit #PeoplesVote #BrexitVote #FBPE #c4news #alloutpolitics #Peston
Oh yes!! I trust a suitable 'saved lids' coupon scheme will be available via National post-Brexit food vendor Fray Bentos... Allowing 28 days for delivery, of course.
If anyone wants to know how normal things in Westminster are today, this appears to be an impromptu and unofficial press conference between Jacob Rees-Mogg, and Steve Bray, the stop Brexit man:
Well I certainly hope Brexit is scuppered. If so both she, May and the rest of the sorry bunch must take responsibility for it. Triggering Art 50 against all advice, setting red lines against all advice, showing utter contempt to Parliament and cheering on a nasty far-right media
with your escape room experience, you should take over (this or from a German comedy show)
It’s about more than Corbyn and May or even Labour and Conservatives: there are divisions on Brexit in both (interestingly, much more so than the smaller parties). England, in particular, is hugely divided as a nation on the issue - and not entirely along party lines
..“the persecution of men and women suspected of homosexuality never ceased,” Kochetkov said. “The only thing that has changed is its scale”.. #Trump #QAnon #News #Brexit #TrumpTrain #BuildTheWall #2A #1A #QARMY #Q #TuesdayMorning #GOP
Government ‘sneaks out’ £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote
Also #OnTheLine is the already fragile UK public order Suppose any 2nd vote is the other way round but just as close. How would the racist dickheads who've never voted before the 1st ref feel ablout that? What'll their 'leaders' encourage them to do? #WatchUKCitiesBurnBurnBurn
I hope LBC will put it up. The answer was glorious: "I am listening, I'm just not falling for it." But it also exposed why so many Brexiters don't want to accept facts. JRM simply talked all the critics down. Mark Carney, CBI, NFU. When he can do it, so can Brexit voters. Easy.
Brexit a dead Brexit
Brexit has cost UK £500m/week since June 2016.
Worrying news from the head of the Scottish NFU
Will the UK accept or reject the EU Brexit deal?
Cloud cuckoo land #FakeNews!
I would add Lidington and Rudd into the mix as co conspirators to weaken the UK hand to ensure a soft brexit or no brexit at all
How will U.K. Parliament members vote on the Brexit deal? Here's what we know
Are Labour not just saying if they do manage to trigger a GE ,that they'll go to the EU with much the same proposal that they've told May to bolt with . ...all just Slogans ....."Jobs 1st Brexit". ..wtf is that ?
The Brexit factor... all thanks go to the glorious union.. sooner we are independent the better.
#BrexitVote Anyone else feel like they are watching Game of Cards. What has happened to our country. I do feel people have a right to decide what we do now as parliament is making a mess and we have to choose our brexit deal with free movement or just remain in.
New post (Meet The New Brexit 'Doomsday Preppers': Housewives Stockpiling Food And Medicine) has been published on open mind news -
&amp; the injustice is SO widespread. &amp;now just read an article about how women’s services are going to suffer post brexit. These kinds of services were the only places I got any tiny bit of help during all this. &amp; even then it was impossible... WE NEED THEM.
Working age benefits systems have always paid less than pension age benefit systems This is just a way for the government to pay out less overall Shifting many couples to the lower working age benefit system
Peoples vote is just as big a joke as we already had a peoples vote in 2016 and, because people who didn't want Brexit are trying to overturn that vote, we now have to watch you lot in a Royston Vasey farce of comical proportions. Clean break Brexit or else all of the MPs lose.
I liked a video Jacob Rees-Mogg opposes Brexit deal night before vote
The longest arms in politics
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
What is the world coming to?
Agree with this, the current global slow down has nothing to do with brexit. My concern is the level of global debt! Will Italy force the EU to break?
Check the back of her coat probably says #ubereats #puppet
But how we got here does not matter. Its the future that matters and Brexit is clearly the right path because of the deep problems with the EU.
Thanks to my MP for standing up for her constituency.
..”we have 300 hamburgers, many, many french fries, all of our favorite foods. I want to see what’s here when we leave, because I don’t think it’s going to be much”.. #Trump #QAnon #News #Brexit #TrumpTrain #BuildTheWall #2A #1A #QARMY #Q #TuesdayMorning
Heseltine .... "Brexit is the cancer at the heart of the Tory party." An incompetent government, twice putting narrow party interests before country.
Did #Benefit sanctions foster support for #Leave? The short answer YES. As part of revisions for my paper "Did #Austerity cause #Brexit?" (whole paper here: I study ward level #Leave vote share data assembled by together with DWP stats.
I'll never ever ever vote for Brexit, I'll never ever ever vote for you. #Corbynout #PeoplesVote
Then we need to get it out there to make sure people know
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
An estimate suggests that a 1 SD increase in sanctions increased support for #Leave by around 0.67 percentage points. There are some who cast #Brexit vote as an informed choice - but for a significant share, it was a #protest vote! This matters!
MP's wake up! We've had 2 and half years of this project fear and BS over Brexit. We know you don't want it but, the PUBLIC DO. Stop this waste of time charade and get on with the vote so we can move on!!
Well xenophobia is the only reason to want to Brexit - I don’t understand why saying that is an insult. It’s the only argument that makes sense to me. Ignoring facts is quite bad and shouldn’t be accepted. Remainers get insulted, I get a lot of stick for Lib Dem’s - it’s politics
Whatever else follows #Brexit.. voters must never say “I’m never voting again”. That is precisely what they want... MP’s lie to you MP’s fail to implement what they promised they would do MP’s then connive to fix Parliament to make Brexit fail. You MUST vote them out of a job!
Nope. The moral case, if there is one, is clearly in favour of Remaining in the EU, rather than asking valuable UK residents to apply for permission to stay in their homes and stay with their families. Brexit is essentially a racist undertaking.
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
This deal is not #brexit as we are not leaving the CU or SM. Why do you describe it so? - instead it is a modern day example of the emperors new clothes - a #nonbrexit a #remain deal. That is what you are proposing - it is NOT #Brexit
Very Good Point
How about instead of a vote they place musical chairs and the MP who wins makes the decision?
Brexit - procurement - carry on as before although new draft Regs make provision for if we leave without a deal
..tax was abolished by former Rothschild banker Macron shortly after he took office, because the French youth "must pursue the accumulation of wealth".. #Trump #QAnon #News #Brexit #TrumpTrain #BuildTheWall #2A #1A #QARMY #Q #TuesdayMorning #GOP
Post a song that sums up #Brexit for you. #BrexitSong
One very strong reason why Brussels will not accept Treaty limit on lifespan of backstop - UK could run down the clock in talks until December 2021 or 2022 &amp; EU negotiating position would be much weaker if had to accept terms to avoid hard Irish border with no backstop #Brexit
Oh dear. Destroys Rees Mogg? They're going to have to heavily edit the interview to give that impression.
Twitter, is there any good Brexit for Britain? #FBPE
British PM faces defeat in historic Brexit deal vote
After Brexit vote: No 10 draws up secret contingency plans
I can see why people feel strongly about the Brexit issue, but the idea it comes above all else is simply wrong- I’d take Dennnis Skinner or Bob Crow over the likes of Cameron any day of the week.
So what ARE the Brexit 'Plan Bs' and how could they work?
When you 'leave' your house do you: #Brexit #CleanBrexit #gaslighting
Hundreds of £300 ‘Brexit boxes’ are being bought due to no-deal food supply fears
.."I feel that I have been reborn, especially now that I feel all that love. Tell the Canadians that I love them".. #Trump #QAnon #News #Brexit #TrumpTrain #BuildTheWall #2A #1A #QARMY #Q #TuesdayMorning #GOP
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
PGPIR group picture in the Berlaymont building while UK Parliament is debating Brexit deal
No surprise that Gove doesn’t spell out which parts of EU law he objects to, given the various promises of his govt to maintain workers rights and environmental protections. Vagueness has been the chief Brexit ploy. And they are are *still* at it.
Funny comparison that Ger .., the coal miners didn’t get much cover from the EU either ... in fact EU states froze their unions assets for thatcher ... starving out workers .. and the the EU embraced Thatcherite policies .. Leo is a big fan
Mrs May has been terrible throughout, I can’t imagine worse unless it’s name is Corbyn I hate the idea of Brexit yet think it has to happen in some form. It may be a terrible mistake to hold a second referendum, yet I really want one
Brexit amendment that might have limited PM's losses is rejected: -
Friend bailed on tonight, Brexit vote looming, but at least I'm eating wedding cake samples for lunch.
After the Brexit shambles the Electoral Commission are just a joke.
Dammit. Another #BrexitJihadi explodes in a shower of gammon, blocks me and deletes tweets to avoid answering a simple question: “How many UK jobs (and their tax revenues) have already been lost due to Brexit?” Oh well…
A timely reminder that for the last 2 years the British people have been categorically lied to again and again and not one of the liars has been held to account.
Queen has enough, storms Parliament, has Theresa May taken to the tower, and announces “I think one will find that ONE is taking back control, bitches.” Cue big apocalyptic theme music.
Yes Betty!
Bring it on. #NoDealNow #NoDealBrexit #NoDealNoProblem #Standup4brexit Brexit latest polling: Public hate Theresa May's deal - but still back leaving via
no deal was always on the cards as A50 quite clearly states,you have 2yrs to get a deal,after that time if no deal is agreed you just leave without one,saying we can't leave unless the EU deem to give us a bad deal just gives them the power to get their own way &amp; stop brexit
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
markets: #5things -It's Brexit-deal vote day -China stimulus -Day 25 of shutdown -Markets rise -Bank earnings, data due
#Brexit is the downsizing of Britain to something much less than it was driven by a hubris that inflates it into something it never could be. The process of shrinking began in 2016. We have already lost £trillions, respect, involvement and influence and even masses of liberty.
..“I feel bad about the 'wasting' of living space for cats, but this situation occurred and I wanted to help my friend”..' #Trump #QAnon #News #Brexit #TrumpTrain #BuildTheWall #2A #1A #QARMY #Q #TuesdayMorning #GOP
markets: Stock traders flee top U.K. ETF before troubled Brexit vote
Treasury yields lower as China slowdown fears wane; traders await key Brexit vote
I find this almost offensive. To accuse the #EU of an unhelpful tone amidst the jingoistic, even outright hostile language used by #Brexiteers including the British government itself is hypocrisy beyond belief. It makes one wish for #Brexit for the #EU's sake alone.
Live Briefing: Brexit Vote: Parliament to Decide on E.U. Withdrawal Plan - - For Britain, the big vote is finally here. After two and a half years of negotiation, argument, predictions and posturing, Parliament will finally decide on Tuesday on a bill...
Brexit and hamberders. What a day. Did you know that Gillette ad came out 5 years ago?
"Watch the final day of Brexit debates in the run up to Theresa May's crucial vote" — from:
A member MP of the ruling party, according to this report. Which also says PM Solberg has been supportive at times and at others not so. Sounds like they have cons to consider if UK wanted to join as well as any pros.
#TheresaMay should go now.. Just Because #universalcredit #brexit #brexitshambles #nodealbrexit #cuts #satire 201
a Brexit brain melt
Remain or Leave? A Photographic Journey Through Brexit - - Image CreditAndrew Testa for The New York Times The crazy, agonized, hair-tearing saga of Brexit began nearly three years ago, when David Cameron, the prime minister at the time, called for ...
Inspiring historical approach : "#Brexit is self-contradictory in its idea of history. On the one side it proposes a revolutionary break with the past. On the other, the word that conjured it into being was “back”, as in Take Back Control."
A devious, scheming, career politician. After the dust has settled he will disappear into political oblivion!
Who in the F is John Donnelly? And why would he think Charles Payne shouldn't comment on Brexit???
Did the EU just blink?
How about remain? Just an idea to avoid an utter catastrofuck.
A No-Deal Brexit? Leaders Are Alarmed; Voters, Not So Much - - SUNBURY-ON-THAMES, England — Britain has been buffeted with high-level warnings in recent days of the grave risks of leaving the European Union without an agreement: A million lost jobs. A...
Inspired, as ever.
Things humans can do when they put their mind to it: Create #AI that can identify a single zebrafish out of a 100-strong shoal. Mind blown. Things humans can't do when they put their mind to it: #Brexit Thanks
When short of dosh - steal from pensioners. It's an old political adage.
LIVE: House of Commons holds final debate and vote on May's Brexit deal via
..“is an extreme concern for us as a government that China has chosen to apply the death penalty in this case”.. #Trump #QAnon #News #Brexit #TrumpTrain #BuildTheWall #2A #1A #QARMY #Q #TuesdayMorning #GOP
How will Parliament members vote on the Brexit deal? Here's a look back at how their constituencies voted in the 2016 referendum
And Brexit will not bring it back.
I'm afraid some of the backbenchers feed the Labour has a confused Brexit agenda . Just heard JM on R4 - clear, concise and strategic . Not sure if some backbenchers actually have the IQ and communication skills to deal with media #NoPVYesGE
Last February our managing director predicted on the #UK getting more desperate - with #Brexit creating chaos in #British politics:
Why did Rupert Murdoch devote so many resources to achieve Putin’s goals? Could Trump or Brexit have happened without him?
Today’s vote is the kind of treat only #Brexit can give. By this evening we’ll know if we’ve got a shit deal nobody wants, or whether we’re back to square one and might be utterly fucked. Joyous.
Most of Lincolnshire voted Leave and Leave we must
'the last day of the Brexit debate' will not be for centuries and you know it, channel 4, you know it
Changing our voting to make parliament more representative &amp; accountable would make more difference than brexit ever would. Hopefully after this brexit mess people will start to demand wholesale changes to our political system #MakeVotesMatter
No #Brexit analogies please!
That would be because he's a Remainer too.
Got bogged down on the beef which at that point was punch to punch.....not enough time spent on the bigger picture and damaging aspect of Brexit re. WTO and the Minford nonsense. That was the bit when O'Brien was pummelling him.
..lowered a camera 260 feet down the well and saw no sign of the boy.. #Trump #QAnon #News #Brexit #TrumpTrain #BuildTheWall #2A #1A #QARMY #Q #TuesdayMorning #GOP
I'd suggest you work at understanding what that would actually mean. See
lol reversed their view - you're delusional Now more people than ever see the EU for what it is Versions of Brexit, wwhich keep u tied into the EU...hmmmm Disingenuous sophistry to fool morons... and you appear to have been fooled... but hten you believe the EU
As a former journalism student, one of the saddest aspects of #Brexit is that had we not voted to leave the EU, we would have had two years of air time to discuss more important and insightful news topics.
Great piece! We can't blame EU 'for ruthlessly pursuing their interests when your own leaders are too incompetent to do the same. Be angry instead at the Brexiters who demand short transitions in an emotional fit and fail to understand that it is our own leverage they eradicate'
Do NOT trust the EU!
Never before?? Really for reals?? A couple of overstuffed white dude haven't ever fucked up an entire population before?? Never?? You sure??
Not sure this went out correctly...
Based on this sentence from Labours Brexit composite motion. "Conference notes that when trade unions have a mandate to negotiate a deal for their members, the final deal is accepted or rejected by the membership." Would be hypocritical not to do this in relation to a deal.
If we don't get clarity on Brexit today I wonder how many peoples stress levels will finally go past sustainable levels. We can't watch, we're on the edge! Nothing more we can do right now &amp; I want the TV kept safe from missiles!
.. “in full collaboration with the artist will relocate the exhibit from its current location”.. #Trump #QAnon #News #Brexit #TrumpTrain #BuildTheWall #2A #1A #QARMY #Q #TuesdayMorning #GOP
Word of the day: "perambulation" def: the act of walking around, surveying land, or touring. Used by John Bercow in chastising Geoffrey Cox for being too verbose and theatrical in his Brexit argument.
But no to second referendum... #Ohdear David Mundell - Government could hold more votes on Theresa May's Brexit deal
Could be the one glimmer of brightness in this whole sorry process: perhaps this could be how we make those NHS savings through #Brexit
Praying for our Country and praying for all those who who will be voting on the Brexit Deal tonight. Give them all wisdom.#justpray
Cox fact-checking MPs who have mis-understood X, Y or Z argument shows just how complicated Brexit is and how hard it is for public to make fully informed decisions
I’m sitting in A&amp;E with my son (sprained wrist), and the only thing that is playing is the brexit debate in parliament. My conclusion so far? .... The attorney general needs some serious coaching. He is speaking in long, drawn out sentences, pausing aft…
#brexit does not what it said was on the tin. Revoke article 50 and let’s get on with our bloody lives.
I do care greatly about those without my financial resources. That describes most of my family. That’s why I oppose Brexit, which will make us all poorer. I was actually agreeing with you about FoM... but that didn’t stop you accusing me of being selfish...
Brexit or not, things will get worse unless neo-liberalism is brought to end – Ken Livingstone
MPs are lining up to say why they won’t be voting for Theresa May’s #Brexit deal. #Conservatives #BrexitVote
revolting way to go. i voted for him time and again but never again.
How Brexit Will Affect UK Women
No, the plan is to Cancel Brexit, so that we can fund schools, etc!
After Brexit vote: No 10 draws up secret contingency plans
I'd love my MP to vote against the deal and support a people's vote to allow us a chance to reverse the perverse Cambridge Analytica, Russian Twitter account, Boris and Farage lies and Leave EU overspending travesty of democracy #Brexit result
Guess it won't—From The Economist Espresso: Decision day: Brexit
Jeremy Vine clearly needs to get out into the bloody real, world and open his eyes and for once just listen instead of projecting his own sermons -He has been fortunate in his career I could sit all day long &amp; do a far better job 4 far less money but proving better entertainment
#BrexitDeal #brexit #TheresaMay The absolute state of this.
Billboards with the lies told by individuals before a referendum and contrasting it with what happened after. Should we be planning to doing this in Scotland for indyref2?
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
People who want a second vote are just throwing there dummies out because they didn’t get what they wanted the first time. A vote is a vote. Get over it. #Brexit
just give his wage increase which he so deserves get in touch with the #Queen as well and get that bloke #knighted and while your at it speak with and get him to #save #brexit
The silver lining to #Brexit is a great deal of brilliant writing.
Theresa May nearly lied to the country about Brexit. Again.
Is BREXIT the new Y2K?
There is absolutely no argument to the fact that the Scottish are being dragged out of the EU by Brexit. Should Brexit go ahead I’m certain Scotland will in a very short time have another referendum and leave the UK. #PeoplesVote
I urge you to cut off palm oil subsidies on February 1st. PS Sorry about #Brexit, it really wasn't my idea
Brexit will take until the heat death of the universe to deliver something far worse than we already have ... #brexitvote
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
This should not be allowed. She is wasting time ensuring we fall of the cliff. #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy
With endless Brexit headlines and EU economic data notably weak and I took a long term look at key EU charts on $FXE $DAX $STOXX
The Remain lobby can waffle all they like but they cannot escape this absolute FACT. At the last General Election only one party stood on a ticket of reversing Brexit. And they didn't even reach 10%.
2 &amp; a half year ??? Try 3 days ago . You really don’t have a clue do you ??
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
The UK will recover. BrExit was a 40 year decision. The long term favours the UK because we are a more dynamic economy than the EU. Ireland will lurch from crisis to crisis until they drop the Euro and take back control of their economy from Germany.
Trump can u sort out Brexit
I know we're all in paroxysms of Brexit at the moment, but we need to listen to these despatches from the environmental front line. Compared to this, Brexit is a sideshow, although it doesn't feel like it. This is the apocalypse, now.
Whatever? You have no comeback, everything that you have brought up is not correct, Ford literally released a statement saying 1000 jobs will go now, and then up to 3000 more after Brexit. They literally blamed Brexit lmao.
You can't really believe that the Tories won't privatise the NHS if Brexit doesn't happen? It is their biggest long term plan and they're already half way there. Also if Brexit happened under Labour (which I think is doubtful) there would not be the restrictions on staff.
Does a no deal brexit mean that businesses in individual EU member states would be banned from trading with UK businesses?
We didn't vote for *Parliament* to take back control, we voted to Take Back Control. Full stop. And we voted to Leave. Also full stop. If we don't Leave, in what sense have we Taken Back Control?
Some (very) light reading ahead of tonight’s crucial #Brexit vote... #worthing #conservatives
It's strange the type of bedfellows that #Brexit seems to attract...
No second referendum - it would probably be rigged anyway No peoples vote - that was the 1st vote No deal is what we need A Brexit focused PM is what we need The EU doesn’t work for us that’s why we voted #leave you have failed your electoral and should be ashamed
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT
After Brexit vote: No 10 draws up secret contingency plans +1 UKBot #UK #politics
WATCH LIVE Final Brexit debate ahead of crucial vote — RT UK News
Third clip from on tonight's crunch #BrexitVote "Within the EU, no man is an island including the UK &amp; what happens in the UK’s domestic scene today has a very direct impact right across the EU &amp; vice-versa." #BrexitDeal #Brexit #RawPolitics
How to squander £77,000 of public money no.3
Is the Attorney General attempting to fillibuster #Brexit to keep May in power just a little bit longer?
Lose lose for the Tories then.....
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
This #perambulation is irritating, says the Speaker ! The whole #Brexit process is an “irritating perambulation” ! #BrexitVote #BrexitShambles
Up on Sky news at 2.30ish on Brexit what else
This is only the end of the beginning of our Brexit civil war | Polly Toynbee
In that case it would be due to a proven error in material facts, that is NOT the case with Brexit, there is still disagreement as to what is possible and why negotiations have gone so badly (the fact that they were negotiated by a remainer for example), no clear material change!
So Littlejohn is trying to tell us that #Brexit will be as catastrophic to our country as WW2 was
May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?
Rotherham voted 68% leave. So would take one serious swing for most of his constituents not to back Brexit, so yes.
Imagine how dumb you’d have to be to think that Labour would reverse Brexit despite putting in our manifesto that we would enact it
Scottish National Party leader Ian Blackford says the Brexit negotiating period must be extended to avert the risk of a no-deal withdrawal from the EU
UK Government continues to be nastly - they just can't help themselves. 'sneaks in £7,300 a year cut to Pension Credit couples with a working age member'.
If you ask those with vested interests,they'll of course assure you that Parliament does of course represent the people. The people on the other hand, are beginning to realise otherwise hence majority don't bother to vote in GE &amp; the Brexit fiasco will further cement that view!
Any 2nd referendum is a way to stop Brexit. I'm not sure what options would be legitimate or fair. MPs will reject May's deal &amp; EU won't accept any amendments on a new deal. Therefore a new referendum would be in/out again (pointless)
Tonight’s “meaningful vote” on the Brexit deal – what to look out for
Reminds me of the time Homer Simpson was the subject of a damning news report, and turned to his family saying, "oh no, I'm evil, listen to the music"
Point of order.
She seems to be redefining what a hard border means (which is silly) rather than denying the existence of border posts and checks. But carry on...
I am a great fan of but I don’t think is being very impartial in his guiding of discussion on #brexit (IMO)
I do like Clarkson, he is tongue in cheek offensive. And he can spot the stupid in ourselves. #Brexit is utterly stupid, supported by the #PAC stupid who now won’t want to admit they are stupid.
BBCNEWS 5:44am BREXIT DEAL VOTE. Speaker selects four amendments ahead of vote '/ I ' BREXIT DEAL VOTE '. MPs will vote tonight on...
If not democrac, what? #Brexit
I’m assuming Brexit and tomorrow mornings eco data and bank earn data is all a forgone conclusion. So yeah, it could start to leg done today.
You the British people will decide, If you vote leave there won't be other negotiations, we will leave. ...Unless of course you call our bluff, then we will cheat like F*ck to suppress democracy. Brexit
Brexit decision day. In The Thick Of It. Literally.
In 2.5 years of Brexit negotiations, 27 countries have managed to present a completely united front, pursuing a clear and absolutely unequivocal line. TWENTY SEVEN COUNTRIES. Here, one political party can’t even... This is OUR FAULT, NOT EUROPE’s! #brexit #BrexitShambles
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
The latest CK_Rugger Times R' Us! Thanks to #superrugby #brexit
What he said
Good. Have a referendum Brexit was drummed up thru propaganda, Putin active measures and bribes/deals by corrupt oligarchs. Call a vote for referendum. Listen to the people. #NewReferendum #Britain
As told to #bbcgms this morning
"We cannot trust the French." The French &amp; EU cannot trust the British. This is why the EU came into being. The madness of #Brexit
Don't be ridiculous, everyone knows there won't be any business in the UK after Brexit.
Endless Theresa May Deal Endless Theresa May ‘Negotiations’ Endless Theresa May Endless Brexit
Brexit
British Jews take German path to Europe after Brexit
The vote to leave was on the back of promises from Brexit charlatans that we'd have £350m/wk extra to spend on public services and we'd get the easiest trade deal in history - all now shown as a bunch of lies. It was also tainted by Vote Leave illegality
Ian Dunt v Peter Lilley discussing how bad would no deal be on the Spectator Podcast worth a listen - (you don't have to approve of the Spectator) via
Pro Brexit or what! Thanks to these idiots!!
If the deal is, as seems likely, rejected by most Brexiters in Parliament, doesn't that make a people's vote much more difficult? What legitimacy would the leave option have? Wouldn't it be better to say that Brexit has failed to produce a viable leave, so we revoke? 1/
Goodbye Brexit?
Yes, that right, sneer at the stupid Nazi Brexit voters!
MPs debate Theresa May's Brexit deal ahead of vote via #liveline #live #BrexitVote #BrexitDeal join us
Geoffrey Cox has admitted that there will many years of negotiations after we leave. Brexit will NOT be over if May's deal or no deal happens. If you're bored of Brexit support #RevokeArticle50 #RevokeA50
Bit rich from the Attorney General discuss about litigants and European Court Judgements still awaiting judgements and legal uncertainty, what about the ones who needed legal aid which this government cut -problems lie with Westminster not Brussels #brexit #brexitmess #brexitvote
All leavers have left is "...but democracy!" It's not democracy if you lie, illegally finance your campaign and have interference from a hostile foreign power. What do you think the benefits of Brexit will be?
where is kenneth williams when you need him? (carry on brexit) directed by the Great and wonderful... Gerald Thomas
Small peak in the numbers of renting sector and its Brexit influence #rent #property #brexit #uk #dukogroup…
How do the Tory Party not understand that people find this archaic and seriously outdated???
The Brexit Hoax All things Brexit! #TheBrexitHoax
Excellent article
We know that BREXIT has a major impact on musicians. and others told us so. Let’s mark the event with a Fanfare: #crowdfunding #classicalbuzz #brexit #classicalmusic #music #fanfare #brexitfanfare #eu
Thinking the EU will change there mind on the deal that has been agreed is simply foolishness mind. They have said over and over they will not negotiate more so extending article 50 will bring nothing new but longer suffering to the democratic election for brexit.
#BrexitVote craziness in full swing, including my edit for the most excellent covering Arlene Foster, David Davis, Dominic Raab and Lord Lilley, as they attempt to persuade us that they have a better #Brexit Deal #DUP #BrexitDeal #Politics
Because you can farm them in degrading ways, which have no sustainability, or care for the environment or welfare of the animals. You can slaughter quickly and in dirty facilities if you are allowed to chlorine wash the meat. Oh, and you can pay basically slave wages. #Brexit
Well said are you listening
UK needs to show "bulldog spirit" on Brexit | Peta Credlin via
Brexit and Plant protection Products -
No Brexit is the way
Support was highest in Scotland, with 68% backing a new Brexit vote
The Brexit uncertainty principle: it is not possible to create a deal that the British and EU governments are happy with, while at the same time creating a deal that the people who voted for and against Brexit are happy with. A good argument for ditching the whole thing IMHO.
SNP AGAIN as the voice of reason in Westminster. Sensible politics in action
Brexit done that
#Aircargo #traffic drops in face of potential #EU chaos Olivier Jankovec, director general of , insists that, for EU #airports,"a #Brexit #nodeal provides the most immediate risk.” #airtransport #airlines #BrexitVote #IATA #financialnews
What an absolute shambles this government is...
Labour will win any such election. So I'm told. Personally can only see it happening if we try winning some votes in the marginals by opposing brexit. But ho hum. No chance SNP plan to stand in Northern England is there?
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
directing our attention to the bigger picture, such as #climatechange and our planet This means having compassion, understanding and empathy, and treating our fellow citizen with civility, and focusing on how WE can improve things for the greater good #brexit #leave #remain
After watching the Attorney General, Geoffrey Cox's performance in the #MeaningfulVote debate, left me wondering if the would like to offer him a job after Brexit?
You just love the constitutional arguement but MPs did have a duty to implement the Brexit vote I THINK.
Chuka's.... look at me I want to play with the big boys.... Moment
The conference live debate will be hosted by &amp; will discuss the hot topics &amp; issues affecting our sector such as Brexit, Skills Shortage, Hackitt Report &amp; the Economy. &amp; will be debating
Will need a peerage before next general election because the Tory’s will be finished for a generation if Brexit isn’t delivered in full
Also, on a final note. Here are a few things I have wrote before, and a petition for health reform.
Watching this #brexit defence. Theresa May looks like she’s on the end of a two day gin bender. Jeoffrey Cox look like he hit Trump’s burger buffet a little hard last night and has meat regrets. What a mess this whole thing is.
If only Screaming Lord Sutch was still here this Brexit mess would have never happened. Order !!! Order !!!
May is screwed!
Stocks tripped by earnings angst, sterling huddled for Brexit vote (Reuters)
Brexit. Yes the EU are having problems. The EU needs UK money. Best to leave under WTO rules and start dealing with others. This way we can trade at a profit not at a loss
Exactly
Wish we could say that! The Brexit deal vote is happening and the news media seems in hyper drive, we need a glimpse of you friendly cat again please!
Better. The government are going to help me do this.
Love how this pro-brexit add cut Portugal, oldest England ally, from Europe... Spain really looks weird this way! #brexit #fakenews #EU #UK #Portugal
It's Brexit decision day as UK Parliament will hold key vote on PM's bill
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
Cox is absolutely right though, anyone who wants Brexit without the no deal risk should back May's agreement, given that the meat of final terms of Brexit would always take place during transition. Therefore it's telling that MPs won't vote for it.
This man is such a monumental blowhard. He’s as narcissistic as Trump. My contempt for him is not diminished by us being on the same side on Brexit.
MPs must reject this dreadful deal via #Brexit #WithdrawalAgreement #EuropeanUnion
Very interesting thoughts about Brexit
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
A great read. Quite ironic that brexit campaign was all about taking back control when in fact the people voting for it were so manipulated by conspiracy theories.
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
Why is selasi posting about brexit again pls stop sir
The latest The pregnancy, yoga, health Daily! Thanks to #brexit #berlin
*cough*
#skynews Bloke from Nomura Securities on the value of the £ and the financial scene of uncertainty &amp; wavering among the money games... But upshot of his analysis: if #Corbyn has a chance as this plays out the £ will go *UP* because they want his sort of #brexit
A polite request from Europe: wake us up when you know what you want from Brexit +1 EuroBot #europe #politics
I've spotted two things out today that might "get lost" in the Brexit hoo-hah anyone spotted any others. Govt ones ?
Can’t beat the sights when working in London #Brexit
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
I don't agree with Jacob Rees-Mogg's Brexit stance but he does provide good analysis
2.5 Years of intense Brexit negotiations must be code for 2 years of sticking your finger up your own hole because they did not negotiate this agreement for two and a half fucking years GMB catch yersel on.
Brexit amendment that might have limited PM's losses is rejected - The Guardian via #business #News
Always annoyed me when days blame nights &amp; vis verse. Keeping days and nights happy harder than negotiating Brexit.
BREXIT is the ultimate SCAM the Tories have ever pulled on the electorate of their 3rd world, disunited, xenophobic, Nonentity Torydom off the coast of Europe.
Stop giving James control of the LBC twitter account. He so clearly didn't.
Imagine how many listeners would tune into a vs rematch/round 2 on the eve of Brexit, when his opening question is "Nigel, what have you done?"
The old Brexit crap show returns
Anna: to the point; less phlophing and phwar phwor phwoffling. #Brexit
I remember when The Independent used to stick their head of JK Rowlings arse when she used to attack Brexit, the Tories and so on, But the moment she called out Antisemitism in Labour they have strangely started running negative stories on here.
2. Re Widening lead. Worth noting results in these charts which show, for most normal folks - who have not been following Bxt news/poltx - the period Sept-Dec is first time, a signif proportion start paying any real attention to the subject.
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
Of course it did.
Voting against Brexit deal could lead to united Ireland, warns PM May
Government ‘sneaks out’ £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote - The Independent
I make the case for revoke and reconsider here: 2/2
Everybody I know who voted Leave did so because the Leave campaign promised an orderly Brexit. They want a Norway style deal. For obvious reasons none want no deal/WTO. I don't believe that most voted to make themselves (and the rest of us) poorer.
I highly recommend these posts by + +
Definition of insanity, anybody?
UK parliament holds debate before crucial vote #cnn
The brexit politicians are doing a wonderful job. so smooth, no issues. /S ('S' in capitals for extra strength)
SHOCK.
You should be ashamed. It was never clear, even after all the lies, cheating and illegality. It never was “the people” it was some people. There never has been a mandate for a specific Brexit. By far the biggest CLEAR mandate was and is to remain but you have ignored that.
The Labour, SNP and Plaid Cymru amendments are a disgrace. They are wilfully ignoring the will of the people and trying to force through their version of brexit. Shame on them.
She's polish, this is needed spenny. Brexit means Brexit
IF #brexit happens and you’re wrong, will you personally compensate all the people who lose their jobs and their homes? No of course you won’t because you don’t care about anyone else, and the ‘economic boom’ you speak of is for the few not the many! #Conservatives #Tories #Tory
Unless the rest of the country join the EDL,BNP and support this far right #brexit , the country will be divided.
Can't you not get behind #Westminster and show a united front instead of making us out to be fucking fucktards with constant bickering and infighting to the #EU? Or do you want #Brexit to fail?
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times #news #article #buzz #content #rt #follow
If a £50 a week rise in your food shopping costs would cause you serious financial worry, you probably shouldn't have voted for Brexit.
Sadly a People's Vote might not give a clear mandate. Most likely it will be this poor deal to leave - certainly not enough strength to overturn and Remain. In limbo still as a migrant to Spain.
Exactly!
A Bruselas o a Waterloo?
Stocks tripped by earnings angst, sterling huddled for Brexit vote
Excellent video; a must-watch.
They're all fighting to save their undeserving skins!
[EURONEWS] It's a huge day for Brexit but the divorce deal appears doomed |
Here's what happens if Theresa May loses the Brexit vote today
Vince Cable is a seriously dishonest politician who knows full well that Keir Starmer is in charge of our Brexit negotiations and we have a very different economic policy to the Tories!
Theresa May could resign as Prime Minister...
perambulations - another typo. Stop Brexit Save my spelling and grammar.
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
I feel like I say this a lot but this could damn well be the best. We don’t deserve
Very good short piece from about #brexit &amp; today's HoC vote. Worth reading.
BREXIT! These dam politicians have caused this mess. Since the vote where the MAJORITY of the British People voted to LEAVE they have achieved bugger all. Give us Brexit Save billions of £'s and take the No Deal. They better Not renege on the People's choice to LEAVE. #Democray
Of course the real highlight of this digging was the throwback to the definitely red transit van (trying something different, respect) and of course Mark's 'Campbellesqe' tactics which UKIP should really have employed if they seriously wanted to win big in the referendum #Brexit
Vote this down. You must know that there is no better deal with the EU than the one we already have as a member of it. #peoplesvote
Definitely would do. Prominent Pro Brexit supporting MP's like will be promoted consequently.
Difficult because this deal is not Brexit #charlatans
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
Whatever tomorrow brings....
Pondering why, all those screaming.. But, but, #Leave flouted the rules, too much money, etc etc.. #Brexit #Leave #Remain Never mention the blindingly obvious... The entire govt is illegal, they flouted every rule in the book to get elected. #DarkMoneyAds etc. etc. #GENow
what do you mean brexit isn’t the british way of saying breakfast
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
Act now! Contact your MP and demand a #PeoplesVote I, and the #Libdems are on board already!
BREXIT: “Prime Minister Theresa May is set to see her Brexit deal rejected in the biggest Parliamentary defeat for a British government in 95 years after her last minute pleas for support appeared to fall on deaf ears. The battle now...
Government ‘sneaks out’ £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote
Why did Gareth Johnson resign over May’s Brexit deal and where is he an MP?
And having royally pissed on the EU, why wld this be agreed? Corbyn cld have wrecked this gov, as any Opp leader worth the name wld have. He chose not to. He too, wants Brexit. That's why he's in "hiding".
Funny to see three Labour MPs citing Sunderland Echo poll (70% of its readers want no-deal Brexit) in support of their refusal to back May's plan.
5 things to know for January 15: Russia probe, Brexit, Jayme Closs, shutdown, opioids - CNN
Murrisons is a pointless amendment parliament can’t set a date on the backstop without EU agreement #brexit
Parliament concludes its debate on May's Brexit deal before tonight's vote. Watch LIVE here:
#Brexit ... whatever happens I imagine #TheresaMay will cling on to power ... there can't be a #Tory leadership contest for a year &amp; its unlikely the #Tories will lose a vote of no confidence ... will #Tories &amp; the DUP vote down the gov?
True but she doesn't care. All that concerns her is to ensure the UK remains in the EU's CU/SM &amp; all that entails. After all she's prepared to spend £39bn of tax payers money needlessly now to keep the EU happy &amp; prevent #Brexit
Some tweets don't age well. #Brexit
There is no Brexit Scenario in which People would not be worse off. Face it!
"No deal Brexit is better than no Brexit "thinkers ...If your Supermarket replaces the Steak you order with a tin of corned beef, would you say Beef means Beef and crack on ? #Brexit #Curious #PeoplesVote
As I increasingly regularly must point out: Paul Mason supports #Corbyn as the rope supports the hanging man... #Brexit
Every Remainer too. Betrayed by the chaners - Johnson, Raab, Davis, Hoey, etc.
I'd love to know what behind-the-scenes machinations led to putting this amendment together. His idea or party orders?
Is this how the modern day civil war starts?
Yeah, we are losing our say in ALL of that, some of which (for better or worse) we're still subject to post-Brexit.
Here’s how to have a popular, liberal immigration system after Brexit
I urge members of The House of Commons of the United Kingdom to vote against the “disastrous” Prime Minister Theresa May’s Brexit Deal and prepare for No Deal. #Brexit #BrexitVote #BrexitDeal
Cynical attack on pensioners...
This is why, when challenged and have explained the UK govt's failings, many pro-Brexit people find themselves without argument. Ignorance and media influence are huge contributors to this mess; ironic really in an age where information and knowledge sharing is so easy!
No. And whilst you clearly don't understand the implications of leaving without a deal plenty do, and there is no support for that. It would be economic suicide. See
Not only is manufacturing going to up and leave Britain, the money is also off to EU. Well done you stupid #Brexit twats.
Not sure is enjoying the long meandering speech in the #Brexit debate by her colleague, Attorney General Geoffrey Cox. She looks tense and uncomfortable.
Brexit is the fundamental problem. May is an exacerbator.
I see no sign in UK after May defeat of a unified Brexit group. Brexit civil war will get even worst after May defeat. Hard Brexit and Brexit Deal are irreconcilable. Better probabilities for Brexit Deal to join No Brexit.
‘How Theresa May’s Brexit deal was killed off by her own incompetence’ is the most toxic, damaging &amp; dangerous PM of UK ever... #MayResign #NotFitToGovern
3 ways Brexit is already affecting HR
When you can't answer the question, after more than 2 years of debate, you're asking the wrong question #Brexit #BrexitShambles #PeoplesVote
Quiz: how well have you been following Brexit?
YOUR DAILY BREXIT – 15th January 2019
Thought you to be more intelligent than that.
has just been screaming nonsense in the Commons She was visibly completely and utterly drunk. Shaking, swaying not speaking sense. it's not even 2pm, for shame. #brexitvote #brexit #Bercow
Inevitable. Throw in the default of trillions of ECB junk bonds being underwritten by Merkel, and job done!
Dear , listening to #politicslive, disappointing that you say your constituents are saying Clean Brexit or Withdrawal Agreement? My correspondence with you certainly hasn't. What is the percentage please?
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
It’s simple...we LEAVE 29th March....May’s deal is a Bad Brexit Deal....it’s NOT Brexit! T.May had NO Plan B so we LEAVE with a No Deal on WTO terms. Then the UK can negotiate a proper Brexit deal with new Brexit PM.
Well today is the Brexit vote &amp; I wonder how many people like me will feel let down by the politicians looking to cause as many problems as possible, their behaviour is shameful &amp; embarrassing, I for one wish they'd put as much energy into leaving Europe as they do infighting
oh dear ... #Brexit
Read Vaahan's exclusive interview with Lord Gadhia on his journey, his great initiatives and all things India and Brexit!
Scheer’s views on Brexit are what the Brit’s voted for—democracy , Gerry’s views not so much, he doesn’t believe in what the people voted for, clearly Socialism, bye Canada
Investor confidence upswing ahead of #BrexitVote
The negotiations should never have been put anywhere near UK politicians on all sides. They are such c that they simply cannot resist the temptation to seek political advantage over national interest.
Deadline midnight 24 February. It coming faster than #brexit. Let's show the world some fantastic glass. YOUR glass.
First we are not leaving Europe we will still be European, no one can tell the future, Scotland didn't vote leave the UK did, in 2014 we were told this vote is a once in a generation vote so stop obsessing about indy2.
She wins an election saying she'll deliver Brexit. She has failed. She should go.
Brexit, Steve King, Carol Channing: Your Tuesday Briefing - The New York Times Again he Rejects Another opportunity to open the Government back up. If I was the government worker, I would refuse too show up for work, until he reopened the shutdown.
That's it blame the white privileged. In 2018 gammon (originally used by dickens and and also an insult used in the gulf area for pork eating Christians)became particularly known as a term to describe white people against BREXIT.
Anyone else pumped for the Brexit vote today? #Lit
Westminster chaos looming as MPs set to reject disastrous Tory Brexit deal – latest updates via
Completely agree I also think that the advent of the internet has forced them to bring their plans forward by a generation because people like you and me can talk to each other and are slowly exposing their plans. As ever more people realise we may be able to halt it just in time
If not democracy, what? #Brexit
Here is Friends of the Earth’s analysis of a no-deal Brexit.
Amendment B - errm, what? How does a treaty provision coming into force constitute a fundamental change of circumstances since the treaty was agreed? Sounds... dubious to me. Any ideas
Here's #what City of London banks are telling clients ahead of tonight's crucial Brexit vote - Business Insider #business #news
This may have been ‘sneaked out’ but it is grossly unfair. Why should someone under pension age get pension credits because their spouse is over pension age? Widows/widowers/ single people don’t get a pension or credits until they are pension age.
Ironic really, the thing you fear most is now your best chance of saving Brexit, a second referendum.
A really bad attitude for the executive to have about Parliament.
Says the bloke who encourages us to book tickets with the #Brexit ferry company that has no ferries. I rest my case. #FBPE
What a day. Theresa May has been so strong it's nearly over, I hope it goes threw today. I voted to remain, but brexit needs to happen without an election. I was a Labour councillor in Jo Cox constitutes I hope our Mp voted for brexit
They've not one clue what such a deal entails, but they liked A-ha.
Government ‘sneaks out’ £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote - The Independent
Our people are our greatest asset and their skills and knowledge are invaluable to us. As the #BrexitVote brings great uncertainty, we have promised to support our EU employees and their spouses by funding their applications for Settled Status in the UK after #Brexit.
I hear people saying that now we know what Brexit is, maybe we have changed our minds, rubbish. We are where we are because we have an inept, incompetent remainer as Prime Minister that couldn't have negotiated her way out of a paper bag
BBCNEWS 5:47am BREXIT DEAL VOTE. Speaker selects four amendments ahead of vote ', I BREXIT DEAL VOTE. Labour amendment rejects deal...
It's unlikely but this deal whether you like it or not is better than a no deal. #brexit #vote
Duty to Leave: No "Meaningful" Brexit Vote Tuesday, Just a Political Circus
good afternoon im at home dizzy as hell covered in like three blankets sitting leaning sideways on my chair to reduce the odds of falling off. also its brexit vote day and i'm quietly summoning Kor-Virliath the Elder God of the 18th Hell Dimension to sort this all out.
Theresa May faces worst government defeat in 95 years in key Brexit vote - Bloomberg There is a reason Boris Johnson is “Former” Foreign Secretary. He isn’t worthy to serve in British Government- Another wreaking ball like America’s Trump. Worthless
Good God man! Have you no shame? Labour has utterly failed on BREXIT Utterly failed You, Mr Corbyn, &amp; Mr Mc Donnell must now resign &amp; make way for those who can &amp; will lead the party &amp; the Countries of the UK on this &amp; other issues.
The BBC gets external funding on an annual basis form the EU; how is that as it is supposed to be a public broadcaster funded by the British public, needs to get money from the EU. Perhaps it explains their pro-Eu bais, Question time one Brexit faces four remainers
Exactly . Plus Labour also campaigned for leaving the Single Market AND Custons Union. That certainly helped them.
Unless the new location is up the funders butt, doesn't matter.
Very proud that is one of the first charities to pledge to cover EU employees’ settled status fees post-Brexit
I can think of hundreds of things Britain needs and two things it doesn't There isn't enough space to write the things the UK need but there is to list the things we don't need - we don't need a Tory Government and we don't need Mays -
Nonsense on stilts. To vote for the deal would just be appeasing an appeaser. Wether you support Brexit or not no sensible person would vote for this deal it’s a trap and a humiliation.
The world won't end, Jacob, but the jobs of a million people will. #Brexit is Bollocks.
George Osborne was a disgusting and vile politician, and the country should be grateful he’s of no account any more. Thank Brexit for that, even if for nothing else.
Not surprising after hearing his tirade yesterday. Completely ignoring Brexit, just shouting about no confidence in gvmt and time for a gen election, time for new gvmt etc. Sounded like he was frothing at the mouth. He should be locked up.
I would describe current UK academia as 'an arena of weary pessimism' over #Brexit. It's even got to optimists like
Or no brexit.
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
A good explanation of Theresa May's position and the deal she is backing from (Spanish)
May's Air Force One on STANDBY for urgent flight to Brussels in face of Brexit vote defeat http:WHY does she have to have a special plane and why fly to Brussels surely quicker by train ??Ha Ha
hi there professor. My name is Ana França, I work for a Portuguese newspaper and I am trying to contact people with good contributions to offer our readers about the whole Brexit process which may be coming to a decisive point today. Let me know if you'd like to talk
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
Geoffrey Cox, Attorney General is trying to make progress he says, I wish he would because me and the cats are falling asleep here. Airlocks, I can think of a use for one right now. #Brexit
They should be Calling an election and each mp candidate should put on their election manifesto their intentions on brexit and see how the uk votes !!!!
Hang on ...... 'Destroyed JRM'????? In your deluded perception of reality perhaps! Your so called 'Journalist Presenter' dealt with that interview in the most appalling and unprofessional way. Embarrassed himself and even stooped to mocking Mr Rees-Mogg's accent.
In a final act of betrayal, a cross-party Remainer alliance has conspired to kill off Brexit via
Great thread. David Davis is a shit stain on the pants of humanity with no fucking clue about what he is doing. Fucking Chimp
. Hmmm i really dont know The way this world is turning .
Was it dereliction of duty to ONLY obtain legal advice on the #brexit #backstop in the 573 page Withdrawal Agreement? None on the 26 page Political Declaration on trade? Still in contempt of parliament?#democracy The public &amp; MPs have a right to know.
Apart from the lack of free movement. All Brexit will do is end free movement for British citizens. European people will still have free movement.
Government ‘sneaks out’ £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote
LIVE: #Theresa May battles through final hours to fight off historic Brexit defeat - Business Insider #business #news
A wonderful morning watching orchestra play classical music for kids from &amp; others . Thanks for drowning out the noise from Brexit today!
It’s linked to Brexit because it is a symptom of some of the reasons people voted for Brexit. Plus, the thought of Swedes talking about Brexit being more of a pressing issue than what’s happening in their country...
Brexit amendment that might have limited PM's losses is rejected
Amendments to PM's Brexit deal selected and posted, #Labour rejecting leaving with #nodeal. Are we ready? #brexitdeal #brexitamendments #brexitdealamendments
British lawmaker delays birth for Brexit vote 8:39 AM EST Jan 15, 2019
No Deal, brexit now!
Bored of Brexit? You won't like the 'next stage of negotiations' then #RevokeArticle50 #RevokeA50
brexit vote is widely thought to be a flop. if it succeeds then that would be some kinda surprise.
People in Labour that are nodding along to these 'genuine concerns' and not fighting this narrative peddled by the newspapers you hate, you disappoint me. Including friends. Brexit is not a game to get JC into office, it affects real people just as the housing crisis has.
Yes its freemarket neoliberal BS that's at the heart of Brexit.
David Cameron in Costa Rica while Theresa May's Government is sent into Brexit meltdown | Daily Mail Online #davidcameron (I know it’s the daily fail)
Decision day for May's Brexit bill - UK Parliament holds the key vote #Brexit #BrexitVote #MeaningfulVote #73DaysToBrexit via
Have you read Goodwin's essay on Brexit's antecedents? He emphasises continuity in anti-EU sentiment. V. British way of describing change. Effectively the argument repeats the trope that Britain doesn't do revolution. Brexit = a reversion to the evolution of the nation state.
TRY FREE #AUDIOBOOK … … #amreading #books #love #AmReading #bookworm #art #booklover #Brexit #CriticsChoiceAwards #writing #business #book #photography #follow #Kindle #westhollywood #amwriting
LITTTTT Parliament to vote on May's Brexit deal
no thanks... WTO and then lets talk. You will then treat us as equals not some naughty child that disobeyed the Mafia EU. It is time to get rid of May and put a man that is not afraid to upset them in charge.
‘And’? And everything since 2014. Everything we have now. Brexit. No Labour power in Scotland, no independence like the SNP wants.
Oh! Does it? Let's see what the House of Commons decides.
You've watched '13 Reasons Why', now read 's blog '40 Reasons Not to Back the Brexit Deal'
The difference is nobody said brexit would be easy. I certainly dont. Republicans think unification will be a piece of pie.
Pity has just continually propped up May and brought us to this point. Had she acted sooner we may not have reached such an impasse.
#brexit shit just got heavy
The Brexit withdrawal bill enshrines that into UK law.
Austrian chancellor, , reinforces the EU line that this is the only deal, and cannot re-open negotiations. The European Parliament has already begun their approval process of the Agreement:
BBC; Antarctic ice melts because of brexit
A Speaker-Elect Makes a Quick Escape from the Parliamentary Turmoil caused by England’s Precipitous Exit from Europe: “The catastrophic beginning of the end of the Hundred Years’ War fomented civil war at home.”
Brexit vote tonight?
REAL BREXIT!
BREAKING NEWS: THE VOTE IS DONE. BREXIT WON.
Bees flying against a window.
So oor Jeremy wid hae his Blackbun an eat it, wi a Brexit that isna a Brexit (for EULaws, CU, SM(?)) but is. Eternal ersatz jam...
Fascinating!
#British MPs' choice will affect 66 million #citizens #Brexit
BBC News - Brexit: Theresa May faces 'meaningful vote' on her deal #Brexit #vote Members of Parliament are MPs are preparing to vote on whether to back Theresa May's deal for leaving the #EU.
#Nairobi #Kenya Never mind eternal sterile #Brexit speculation, what's going on here? Troublesome echoes of #alShabab #WestgateMall attack that killed 67 people.
It does not honor the referendum and you full well know it. It tie's us to the EU for every with no right to vote on anything and ruled by EU with a EU army to ensure we do as we are told
Polly Toynbee was a SASE featured speaker at LSE. We wanted to share her point of view on this momentous moment.
Wonder which country will James immigrate too if there is a no deal brexit? Greece - 8/13 Spain - 8/15 France - 6/4 Ireland - 11/8 ;)
It strikes me that Swire's amendment had more merit to it than Leigh's, but no amendment will pass. They are all political posturing in this #brexit carnival
The time for a 2nd referendum has passed. No deal would be a disaster. Mays deal doesn't have support. The only way out of this mess in a general election and a labour government!
All makes sense to most but having listened to a large number of Brexit supporters it’s easier to believe the hype, made up national emergencies and racist undertones than the truth as it suits their own agenda. Facts just get in the way it seems !
People who want a second vote say people know more now than in 2016. Bloke interviewed on ITV News for his views on Brexit talking about the 60 to 70 years we’ve been in the EU. (NB we joined in 1975, 44 years ago)
your mp has blocked me? Just yesterday....hmmm If your mp votes for Tory’s brexit, you know what you must do.
God I’m sick of #Brexit!! Politicians were cowards, so pass responsibility for a decision to us. Public says leave politicians trigger article 50. Then spend 2 years fucking around &amp; arguing the public fucked up. Voted remain but I’m tired of British politicians &amp; EU bullshit!
It's time to raise the agenda of proactive emotional health in our universities and workplaces. To better prepare our nation's students and graduates for a recession in emotional wellbeing. #brexit #recession #mentalfitness #resil…
Interesting: are offering a free workshop for British Jews who want query whether their German or Austrian heritage makes them eligible for EU citizenship post-Brexit (
Brexit, Steve King, Carol Channing: Your Tuesday Briefing - The New York Times
Love how this ad cuts Portugal out of Europe -England’s oldest ally. Btw Spain looks weird! #brexit #UK #obscureprobrexitgroup #theguardian
I would always take biased evidence with a pinch of salt. However, I am talking about independent economists, without an agenda, who consistently predict Brexit will harm the country. How can you ignore those?
Why are you telling me this. It is absolutely none of my business. Can anybody in England read the English language? . I simply said I did not agree with CS unless for medical reasons.Plain English with no hidden meaning. Brexit has made you all paronoid
Poorer pensioner couples will lose more than £7,000 a year, under a cut “sneaked out” while MPs are preparing for the showdown Brexit...
U.S. won't escape the pain of Brexit - What seems to be a purely European affair could have massive global consequences.
STOP. SAYING. DESTROYED. Even about people I like.
Nail on the head, these checks could cause chaos from cross border commuters which is going to hit Northern Ireland residents a lot harder than those in Ireland. #BrexitVote #Brexit
CORE SPREADS - In our weekly video David Buik talks to Mike Ingram of WH Ireland on the outcome of BREXIT, China/Europe possible recession &amp; US earnings season -
Brexit vote: Bercow allows four amendments but not one for second referendum - Politics live
Well done, sadly as a Tory voter all my life if this deal gets through I cannot vote for you at the next election. Mays deal is remain in all but name and offers none of the benefits of brexit. We need leave supporters to give us a true Brexit
This is an outright lie - who will hold her to account for this?
Church publishes Brexit prayer for peace and unity via
May's deal rejected, Labour's no confidence motion passes, May resigns shortly after, Tory infighting triggers party colapse, Labour Lexiteers and Remainers fight over party policies in wake of GE, parliament in absolute chaos, everybody misses 29th of March, Hard Brexit
Brexit: Your simple guide to the UK leaving the EU - any of our apprentices need some help or reassurance we are happy to chat, just call your LDM
And then they came for the pensioners!
Don't forget there is big money behind this, trying to protect/enhance its investment in a Brexit asset-stripping spree - research of the targeted audience already performed... Remain underestimated the ad-industry persuasive power used against it before...
Rubbish
There was a Plan..it was called Leave. Mrs Maybe and her Remainiac friends are the ones cobbling.
British #Brexit Escape Room, Here you go #UK
Beats Brexit day
That's a completely non-joke country thing to do.
He finally says that the expectations for the withdrawal agreement where unrealistic ... exactly what brexit is UNREALISTIC
The arrogance of this woman knows no bounds
A polite request from Europe: wake us up when you know what you want from Brexit | Via Joris Luyendijk
What do YOU think is going to happen after tonight’s exciting Brexit vote?
Germany must help Europe's response to Brexit 'warning' - Finance Minister #stopbrexit
How Tuesday’s Big Brexit Vote Will Play Out — And What Happens If The PM Loses
Only 8% agree, which explains your current standing in the polls.
Insanity
Yes, and pretty well every time, I wished I had walked away - NO DEAL often best for the weaker negotiator; usually the one with a bit of money to spend.
RHA says advice from Calais Port boss about no-checks post Brexit – is completely misleading | RHA: Road Haulage Association
How many funds did move from London to Dublin in order to be able to take advantage of the EU over #Brexit? What did John Deadwood say to his fund clients; was it "move from £ to Euro"? Where do the owners of the Daily Heil live? France, wasn't it?
So keep me up to date... in one word, what's happening with #Brexit?
‘How Theresa May’s Brexit deal was killed off by her own incompetence’
Brexit summed up right now. If this were played upon a stage now, I could condemn it as an improbable fiction. (Fabian, Act 3 Scene 4)
Yes I agree but liberals call anybody who voted Brexit racist Nazi islamiphobe
Theresa May makes final pleas for Brexit plan support ahead of crucial vote Matthew Graham
But TM's deal isn't the Brexit you were promised. So presumably, you'll be supporting #PeoplesVote given that your Brexit isn't on offer?
.joswinson on the latest news regarding the vote on Theresa May's Brexit deal. Liberal Democrats will not stop fighting to give the British people the final say on the deal, with the opportunity to stay in the EU. We demand better, and so should you &gt; …
Yep. So is Brexit.
Demand Better Than Brexit via
Lunatic asylum...
Labour would like to do what May didnt do and should have done after losing your majority. Work with parliament on a deal. As for 'Manifesto' are you saying an election is about to be called?.
Mayday
Another editorial choice from the BBC 1o’clock news: to find a British expat in Caen who reckons the politicians should ‘just get on’ with Brexit because of the 2016 advisory referendum result. As rare as hens’ teeth but the one chosen. Most Britons in Europe rage against Brexit.
so there exist deep pressures to be anti-migrant from Labour MPs, TUs, the press, and the Brexit process? which is all i am saying.
Alan Duncan is right. The PMs Brexit deal has many shortcomings but it does not damage our national security
Look at these freaks... go get a job. #brexit
But if Corbyn doesn't change his Brexit stance, he's never getting elected.
Britain can't free itself from longing for the days when the sun never set on the British Empire.
Very concerned about #Brexit and what will happen today. I'll be following all the news. #BrexitVote #BrexitDeal #StopBrexit #StopBrexitSaveBritain #MayOutNow
Brexit, fine intesa May #lamoleskinedimauroboccaccio
''I will be voting to stop a ‘no deal’ situation' - York MPs to vote against Theresa May's Brexit deal:
*not a dictatorship*
Worth a read if you have a spare 10mins. How the Tories blew it. Principles man, you can’t beat them. In search of lost Brexit: how the UK repeatedly weakened its own negotiating position - New Statesman.
The latest Grigsby fx gazette! Thanks to #brexit #us
Remain or Leave? A Photographic Journey Through Brexit
It’s time the word ‘BREXIT’ which has been hijacked by demonstrative negative &amp; unpatriotic remainers, was changed to ‘BFREE’! This is much more appropriate being a description of Positivity &amp; a bright future suitable for a nation that has so often shown the world the way forward
Second Brexit referendum is not Jeremy Corbyn's 'preferred option' if he fails to trigger general election
Will Theresa May resign following a heavy defeat of her Brexit Deal?
If it wasn’t so plausible, it would be scary.
Don’t mind #Brexit this news about is huge, Irish people all over Europe can now have the taste of home abroad! #snackbox #Supermacs
none of which counts for anything if you can’t get elected or influence. He has offered the young zero leadership on brexit. Lost control of AS in the party and is behind this shit show by 6 points. But apart from that....
So the chairman of a non League club thinks his opinion about Brexit is relevant and it's ok to say a no deal that will surely make most fans worse off is an acceptable outcome
#Airfreight traffic drops in face of potential #EU chaos Olivier Jankovec, director general of , insists that, for EU #airports," a #Brexit #nodeal provides the most immediate risk.” #airtransport #airlines #BrexitVote #IATA #financialnews
The people voted to get out EU DAM DO IT
Brexit Vote: Parliament to Decide on E.U. Withdrawal Plan
If only there were some impenetrable barrier to Brexit like the Van Allen Belts were to the Apollo Program. #backstop
"PM May Set for Brexit Vote Defeat, Germany Avoids Technical Recession - US Market Open" #trading #forex
Powerful words by Attorney General Why wasn't he brought in earlier on. Definitely time to #LeaveEU UK, time to get back your dignity &amp; identity #Brexit has my vote!
It's obvious our BREXIT Negotiators have been thoroughly shafted by the EU and undermined frequently by
“Blog: Data protection and Brexit - ICO advice for organisations”
Chuka Umunna people's vote, here's a palindrome, it's either "deified" or "redivider" or realise that a tiny few Far Right Labour &amp; Left Tory mixes as colour Purple, with a hint of cyanosis
How will Parliament members vote on the Brexit deal? Here's a look back at how their constituencies voted in the 2016 referendum
Will never understand the argument for #brexit
Thankyou Sarah ! You're Right, we now need to give people something to Vote FOR, rather than simply 'against' Brexit ! So how about this : This 'Government are currently committed to spending at least £100 Billion on any 'Brexit'. (£40 Billion 'Divorce' Plus £60 Billion
But no confidence either gets you PM Johnson or - a long shot - PM Corbyn, who both believe in Brexit
'EU confirms no UK MEPs means default Brexit 2 July latest. New ref ruled out by timescale' via
Happy Darth Vader is back #HoP #Brexit
Have I just seen the person who gave us the terrible Harry Potter books compare Corbyn to Trump? Eh? The fuck goes on in people’s minds man.
So Corbyn's likely to try and fudge it again - say that there isn't time for a referendum, there isn't support for one, or (more likely) that Labour still wants an election instead, so they can implement their magic Brexit solution.
Why haven’t politicians been held to account like this over Brexit in the last two years? The masks are slipping at last, but is it too late?
Wondering what's happening in the world of #Brexit today? See the 's explainer on motions!
. receives assurances regarding Brexit's impact on touring artists ahead of tonight's crucial vote
Yes we have Brexit, but Americans have - this. The system is too invested in the presidency - which was designed as an antidote to monarchical tyranny but has ended up in the hands of a monster.
Suddenly the Blairites at the pro-Brexit front? Give me strength.
Stocks tripped by earnings angst, sterling huddled for Brexit vote
Taking. Back. Control.
Brilliant!
May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?
Theresa May faces worst government defeat in 95 years in key Brexit vote - Bloomberg
Here is a fun game. Pretend this news is about the UK (not Germany). Of course everyone would be 100% sure they knew the cause. There would be no arguing with them or changed minds. Their heuristic- Good news = ignore, despite Brexit Bad news = undeniable, definitely Brexit
A divided United Kingdom awaits #Brexit vote, reports
Brexit only means ending free movement for British citizens. Not for the citizens of the other EU nations - they'll still have free movement.
So she resisted the obvious pun, then #Breggsit
just watched a video where is lectured by on television. She will never budge and now fails to represent her constituents on Brexit. I am ashamed to have her as my MP. Her betrayal is absolute
HarjitSajjan: RT RobSilver: I think my definition of ‘cool’ is a bit different than Andrew Scheer’s. #cdnpoli
Someone at my university got naked to talk about Brexit.
You do realise you're only in the EU due to your membership of the United Kingdom? Regardless of Brexit all parts of the UK will stay part of Europe which is a continent not a political trading block.
I’m so dead to Brexit news. I have no idea what is going on. Is it important? Maybe. Should I be concerned? Possibly. I need someone to dumb it down for me. #helpanidiot #lastingforever
Austria preparing bill to protect Britons' rights in case of hard Brexit
POLITICS BLIND IN ITS BREXIT BUBBLE – By Brian Rowan –
Fuck Brexit x
They are and the mps will decide Brexit fate since we elected them and PM May has misjudged, lost an election and has procrastinated for 2 years. Time for all mps to act for Great Britain now
A remainer whose accepted brexit don't prejudge hahaha
The second referendum and the extension of Article 50 options are betrayal of the British people’s will. Let the will triumph. ‘Triumph of the Will’ #Brexit #BrexitVote #BrexitDeal #BrexitisBrexit
What a prick! Just vote with the pm or we will have no deal brexit either way the country voted to leave not stay so let's go
“We are affected by the high punitive tariffs being imposed in the trade war between the US and China. Brexit concerns us too,”
Regardless of the outcome today, Britain will remain in a state of nonstop crisis, and usually the US follows suit shortly after. I reckon we haven't seen the worst of Brexit &amp; Trump (4)
My local cheese shop has had to close down, so the pain is real. Nothing to do with Brexit, just the cost of cheese in France.
I can tell you one thing for sure . If the brexit doesn’t happen then I for one will never vote in the UK again
the whole brexit negotiation should have been cross party from the outset. far too big a challenge... as is being proven now... for only one party: who are 50/50 pro and anti EU to begin with: to do the negotiation on behalf of cross party leave voters.
Brexit vote expected around 8pm tonight May expected to lose the vote #BrexitVote
Good good times
Jeremy Clarkson has not held back his thoughts on Brexiteers
Mayor Andy Street urges the Government to help Jaguar Land Rover after Brexit
‘No Deal’ Brexit could see Irish hauliers being ‘blocked’ at UK ports
Four amendments selected with Theresa May facing crushing defeat in Brexit meaningful vote
Do they really? Many leavers have repeatedly put sovereignty and stopping immigration as more important than economic security. A poll of over 60 yr old Leave voters found that 71% are prepared for family members to lose jobs.
#Brexit | The position of many Brexiters has hardened as their fantasies have been exposed as a sham. While they’ve been weakened, they still have support. (Via )
Conservative MP defends decision to vote against May's Brexit deal
Oh I bet they are....
#Brexit | The position of many Brexiters has hardened as their fantasies have been exposed as a sham. While they’ve been weakened, they still have support. (Via )
no deal was always on the cards as A50 quite clearly states that you have 2yrs to agree a deal &amp; after that time if no deal is done we leave without one,to say we can't leave unless the EU deem to give us a good deal simply gives them the power to get their own way &amp; stop brexit
How are YOU spending #Brexit's #MeaningfulVote day? I went to Tesco and viscously stabbed a man to death when he reached for a loaf of bread. You know, just to see whether I have what it takes for when the time comes... And you know what? I do. I do have what it takes!
Agreed, but it would have ramifications which is why neither party want to stop Brexit.
We've got less than 24 hours left to stop Theresa May's bad Brexit deal. If we work together we can end this mess and get a People's Vote. Sign up at
No, it's xenophobia and bigotry fueled by demagogues.
Is Hughes talking about Brexit or Cricket? I mean this is dreamworld stuff. It could easily be Raab waffling on about the optimistic case for brexit.
LIVE: PM vows to respond 'quickly' as she faces huge Brexit deal defeat
BREXIT WRECKING! Theresa May’s deal dealt fresh blow as Bercow blocks key amendments
David Cameron should not have been allowed to resign. He brought about referendum vote,did he and his government think about the implications of a yes vote to Brexit???
Every election, over the last ten years, has been manipulated by Right Wing money, broken rules, &amp; flouting electoral laws. #ButBrexit #BrexitVote #BrexitDeal
Who doesn’t love some geeza in the barbers talking utter shite about brexit thinking he’s the dog bollocks...... m8 hush down, get your trim and move along
Well said!!
I voted Leave but now, to protect my LGBT+ rights, I want a People’s Vote via
Seen from DK, Brexit highlights that the UK (people, parliament, society) would be much stronger without political parties. Neither Labour nor Tory are united - but still dominate the process. "Next GE" or "next PM" are minor details, compared to Brexit. Parties distort politics!
oh! we're in the Bad Place!
Specialist List - is time running out? #brexit #dentallaw #solicitorsuk
What's your thoughts on Brexit, mate?
Professionals fear for mental health of expats stressed out by Brexit. More from
Treasury 'Brexit Resilience Fund') So WHY can't a Remain Campaigning Party (HELLO ! !) Commit to spending that SAME £100 Billion on the NHS, instead, - instead of literally wasting it on something as stupidly destructive as 'brexit' ? ? ? We could buy ourselves a
Treasury #yields lower as China slowdown fears wane; traders await key Brexit vote - CNBC #Economy #news
Let us not forget government altered procedures when it suited them. "It’s Ministers who consistently try to overrule Parliament: stacking committees; forcing through Henry VIII powers; withholding papers; breaking pairing; trying to trigger #Brexit with no vote" Thank you John
Thks MP REPS #BrexitVote NOT IMPROVE UK #BrexitShambles UK debt £2.1Trillion SCOTS MANDATE #Indyref2 73days Scots RESOURCES pay #UK #Brexit 62% Scotland vote NO Brexit 2014 EU Place+Vow broken 60%+Scots want Indy-10KsNO-YES+4x SNP mandate since #Indyref #DissolveTheUnion
Access skilled staff with a stockperson apprenticeship With Brexit looming, the impact of recruiting and retaining reliable staff has already caused concerns within the farming community. Find out about more:
happy to help
British MP delays giving birth by two days to vote against Brexit deal via
Any student of the English language should be listening to now if only for the elegance of the Speakers responses. #brexit
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
It's not really a problem I have. Just find it amusing when these people say someone like Boris etc should have taken over and led the negotiations for a proper Brexit when they didn't want the job. Always easier to criticise the people doing the negotiating than do it yourself
Our country's economy is falling to bits because of Brexit, but your favourite president's food arrangements are getting more interest in the news...that's democracy for you. Hope this gives you a giggle.
Shame on you. The whole reason the Brexit debate has been a shitpit of vile division is precisely because of this rhetoric. Have you forgotten what compromise is &amp; why we do it? We don't bow to one extreme or the other. We compromise and try to do what works for most.
1/2 The poll is clearly conducted (on or around 20/12), predicated on the (certain) knowledge May’s deal will be voted down. Implicit option then Remain or Leave(No deal). Choice there is 70% Leave. TBH you could’ve dismissed it as a self selecting poll.
Here's my new EP release #BolloxtoBrexit a dance floor comment on the chaos that is Brexit
Thanks for that nostalgic trip back to 2016. We're in 2019, and now the Leaver lies have been exposed, and the Brexit 'sunlit uplands' have been revealed as pools of sewage, people have changed their mind!
listened to it two patronising gimps IMO.
Just finished watching this live update on today’s Brexit vote from . Very informative
Smaller firms ‘hit worst’ by no-deal #Brexit. #foodmanufacturing #UKmfg #GBmfg
I think need to stop insulting our intelligence. No sensible Ulster person could believe this is a soft border, a red herring or some kind of magical hologram. #nojoke DUP want to take what they can get (except responsibility), nothing to give back here. #fbpe #brexit
The biggest risk for markets Tuesday might not be earnings. #Brexit #YellowVest #RunOnBanks
The latest The Web Video Daily News! Thanks to #brexit #goldenglobes2019
Should of been done in December, not put back. It’s wasted time and effort and pm has given remain MPs more time to cause mayhem was that her plan.
This anonymous person with no followers has no understanding of our parliamentary &amp; democratic processes! This level of ignorance underpins #Brexit mess #EndtheChoas
Rant of the day. Sitting here listening to Ian Blackford of the SNP who is a champion of Project Fear. These are his words. "We don't want to be in the passenger seat of OUR Brexit" but, they are obviously prepared to be in the passenger seat of the EU. Where's the asylum?
Pleased to advise I’ve now secured from Attorney General who is an honourable man the clear acceptance that #EU #backstop assurance letters won’t effect the legal agreement. They are political &amp; don’t change legal position #Brexit #MeaningfulVote
Put ‘Dancing in the streets’ on and go and do just that. And probably hand out cake to passers-by! #Brexit
Almost 1000 days ago Theresa May told the U.K. "Brexit means Brexit". Here's how her rhetoric has changed #BrexitVote
British Safety Council Calls For Maintaining High Standards After Brexit
Too funny... #BrexitShambles #BrexitChaos #BrexitBarometer #brexitdebate #brexit
BBCNEWS 5:48am BREXIT DEAL VOTE. Meanir'" BREXIT DEAL VOTE. Meaningful vote expected around 8pm this evening; I BREXIT DEAL VOTE....
What’s next for Brexit &amp; Britain if UK parliament votes ‘no’ on Theresa May’s deal? — RT UK News
Definition of insanity.
Britain's vote to quit the European Union was no accident but a warning sign for a Europe confronted by the growth of populist political movements, German Finance Minister Olaf Scholz said on Tuesday. "Germany must help Europe's response to Brexit 'warn…
I am not agreeing or discussing for or against Brexit. I am commenting on the merits of how we got here through a democratic process.
Lol... literally every sentence in my previous tweet was an actual quote leavers made during the Brexit campaign you loon.
“I am calling on everyone who believes in trade as a force for good, and who believes that global trade rules are an essential foundation for economic stability and prosperity, to speak up” .
Nailed it!
Cuts for pensioners and tax cuts for the filthy rich!
Lots of Brexit doesn't make sense. But one small part fascinates me a great deal: ending free movement will involve SUBSTANTIALLY more red tape for govt and business. I don't understand why that alone isn't enough to see the idea dead and buried.
BBC: Meghan Markle baby delayed because of brexit
The "no deal" Brexit apocalypse lie via
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
It's a huge day for #Brexit — but the divorce deal appears doomed - read more » Breaking #News EmailsGet breaking #news alerts and special reports. The #news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.SUBSCRIBEJan. 15, 2019, 12:50 PM GMT / Upd...
It was intended to be flowery, but the bare facts are that it is Brexit that is a shambles, not Europe. Seriously. Mogg wants Brexit because he will get richer &amp; his friends will abolish as many of your rights as they can get away with. Mogg is smart; he has fooled you, right?
This would require Labour voters to have gone roughly 74% Remain, when LibDems only reached 68%. I don't believe that "everyone senior involved" thinks this and if they do they're idiots.
But nice to see pro and anti-#brexit supporters sharing the same pavement space amicably #BrexitVote
He’s voting for Mays Brexit deal though isn’t he, so to whom is he being disloyal?
You are a chancer. Brexit is economic suicide for Britain and will cause other casualties. Are you crooked or too stupid to understand this?
No-deal Brexit: Poland and Czech Republic to allow Britons to stay if UK crashes out
I might not share her politics or her Brexit vision but at least she hasn't walked away. Yet.
If politicians stopped thinking about their self interest, ego's and personal gain we might have actually been able to have a successful brexit instead of the mess that they have left us in #BrexitVote
Some of the outfits on display at Westminster today really give me no hope for anything, ever. #Brexit
Tory flashes notes predicting 'No food', no Channel tunnel' after no-deal Brexit
Final countdown: May braces for crucial Brexit vote amid tough debates &amp; calls for new election — RT UK News
Brexit vote: The battle today is not over whether Theresa May will lose, but how badly
EMA to Lose 25% of Staff as Hard Brexit Approaches #intuvigilance #pharmacovigilance #drugsafety #biotech #pharma
Geoffrey Cox's comments about fish are a watery version of the "German carmakers" argument so beloved of Brexiters. #Brexit
Regardless of Brexit outcome we must continue "strong trade " with Ireland says Ynys Môn AM #ireland
Praying from afar
What shocks me most is that a man shouting stop Brexit outside and a woman ringing a bell for Brexit hasn’t solved things once and for all.
Northern Ireland prepares for worst-case Brexit scenario #ireland
&gt;&gt; Plan A &amp; Plan B -from the 5th paragraph down the end of the article...
Invest NI Support Helps Businesses Prepare For Brexit.
But there ARE deals in place!! The Brexit withdraw bill enshrines Eu law into uk law
Yes, I understand the current-events referent. It still reads like Yoda-syntax. For the sake of working people, the left must back remain | Aditya Chakrabortty
Facts for Remainiacs.
Brokers Brace for Volatile Market Ahead of Brexit Vote - Finance Magnates
Yes there is, but if it is hard brexit....
Chuka Umunna makes this exact point. It was Theresa May in her Lancaster House speech that suggested an FTA could be ready in time for Brexit day.
British PM faces defeat in historic Brexit deal vote
A polite request from Europe: wake us up when you know what you want from #Brexit | Joris Luyendijk
I hear and read this so many times, but none of them seem to suggest that a different Labour leader would mean a different Brexit campaign, which is ultimately what decided things
From The Gherkin to its 'son', The Tulip, London City Corp is still inundated with planning appl for tall buildings despite Brexit, planning chair Chris Hayward tells Eastern cluster of v tall buildings expanding.
Trying your best to sell a deal you know in your heart of hearts to be bad one Geoffrey Cox? Hang your head in shame. #Brexit
"They've re-badged it you fool!"
what Soubry also fails to consider is that a considerable number of these new voters may wish for BREXIT as well!
Brexit vote: The battle today is not over whether Theresa May will lose, but how badly
So this is how we go where we are today , a BLOODY mess that seams to me to big for any of our MPs to handle without feathering their own nests , and these people run our country , , they are a joke , laughing stock , SHAME ON THEM
Only 8% agree with you?
Fascinating how many of our elected MPs and unelected House of Lords are content to continue subcontracting the government of the United Kingdom to Brussels !!
As May is likely to lose her Brexit deal vote tonight, here are the 6 things I think she got most wrong over the past 2 years: 1. She initially shunned experts, and her early thinking was influenced by individuals with little understanding of the EU and IS KOD EGO-ILLUSION
Parliament to vote on May's Brexit deal
This Brexit Mess Is Merely A Symptom Of A Bigger, Endemic Issue…All Roads Lead Back To The CONservatives via Eye
The Attorney General claiming that there is another round of negotiations after 29 March? Um...what? #BrexitVote #Brexit
please HELP me. Our MSM is claiming that in view of Brexit you are literally assaulting supermarkets to stock for food
The latest The self-determination Daily! Thanks to #brexit #brexitvote
Exclusive interview with hedge fund trader Michael Farmer - Don’t blame Brexit for UK economic wobbles, says ‘Mr Copper’ via
James O'Brien Destroys Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote - In Full:
Investor confidence upswing ahead of #BrexitVote
What is it with Cooper's sycophants and a complete lack of interest in what her Brexit view actually is?
PM May Set for Brexit Vote Defeat, Germany Avoids Technical Recession - US Market Open
brexit, and let's make the NHS our 'Cure' for Brexit !
..he said to Obama when he urged the Brexit downvote...NOT!
Ready for the Great British #Brexit stitch up coming tonight
The West would be acting to stop Putin's aggression and support for the far right, but unfortunately the US government has shut down and the UK is mired in a Brexit crisis.
Only got to listen to this podcast on last year and year ahead last night. Interesting that both and choose climate change as the international issue likely to affect Irish politics in 2019 (after Brexit).
The latest Catan Times! Thanks to #brexit #peoplesvote
News for Chuka Umunna..........8% want a second referendum #Peoplesvote #BrexitVote
This is why we won't get brexit because this child abuse in Haiti is linked to it all and Hollywood cults and the jesuits
Farage still claims the ref was a mandate for a democratic leave. Liar conman. How pollsters helped hedge funds beat the pound's Brexit crash via
The latest Facilitare il cambiamento! Thanks to #brexit #gatti
Today MPs have a choice. To deliberately choose to make us poorer and with fewer rights and opportunities and with less influence or to #StopBrexit. Any vote for #brexit is a betrayal of Britain's future. It will never be forgiven
I feel there’s a lot to be said for Theresa May’s #BrexitDeal and the stunning #glasscliff she’s faced. Sadly confident it will be voted down today, but while many will cheer a possible #SecondReferendum, it’s probably going to end up with a no-deal #Brexit (plus BORIS as PM?)
Mike Hawes, Chief Executive of SMMT, has warned before the #Brexit meaningful vote in the House of Commons that "A managed 'no deal' is a fantasy - we would face immediate delivery shortages, disruption, additional costs and uncertainty."
The latest The London Journal! Thanks to #eu #brexit
It's worth remembering that the majority of people who will vote against the Brexit deal in parliament will do so because they want a closer relationship to the EU. May's strategy of appeasing the far-right has failed. #BrexitVote
Theresa May faces worst government defeat in 95 years in key Brexit vote - Let economics demise come crushing down on Brits for being so gullible to vote “Leave” without understanding economics. Vote to “Leave” was vote on immigration, not pocketbook
That would be fairly elaborate. More likely the other way round? Scotland has been poorly served by a lack of Brexit coverage.
Nothing is changed. Still stupid deal damage the uk. Minister May tells DUP EU backstop assurances have 'legal force' - suggests hard border in no-deal Brexit
Fucking Brexit.
Spanish government launches website to warn about effects of #Brexit via
Can we sue the government from the anxiety and depression this Brexit stuff causes? Asking for myself. Thanks.
Wise words from for and
Post-truth politics is alive and well in Brexit Britain
too lazy to campaign for #Brexit, sat on fence. As Brexit Sec. also sat on fence, stitched up by #PM, just put up with it, did nothing. He sided with Hammond left to fight AGAIN. EU called him The Tea Boy. #borisjohnson
Via : Brexit decision day: May urges MPs to look again at her EU divorce deal
The most likely outcome of the #BrexitVote with odds of 4/6, is that just 200-249 of the more than 600 MPs in the House of Commons will side with Mrs May's deal. Please reach out to &amp; for more colour.
#money #business #debt #debtadvice #holiday Experts are warning that the outcome of tonight's vote could cause the pound to plummet meaning your holiday cash may not stretch as far
Well said
How does Brexit affect the pound?
Anyone who Suffers from Insomnia Should Record Geoffrey Cox .... Ha Ha What a Bag of Wind ... Didn't Think Brexit Could Get Anymore Boring .. Members are Starting to Shout "I Confess" #GeneralElectionNow #BrexitVote
Government ‘sneaks out’ £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote
British PM faces defeat in historic Brexit deal vote - | #HWnewsnetwork #InternationalNews
#gbpusd #brexit range, interesting to see from the 1.19 perspective when events go south #backtotheighties?
This may have been asked by a few in jest in the immediate aftermath of the referendum but what *will* Brexit mean for Super League, European players, Catalans and Toulouse?
The poorest are always hit, often very hard, no matter whether it's rain or shine, only those on the hillsides &amp; mountains do ok when the land floods &amp; they always get most of the sun when it's shining, anti-Brexit isn't about the poorest at all, it's about the hillside dwellers
Semantics. Yes you are correct and Labour have been amazing throughout this whole process, what with their brilliant leader, and weak hokey cokey brexit position. Corbyn’s agenda goes against his own party’s position and the labour voters. Top marks all round
Oh be quiet - You were the gutless coward who pulled out of leadership race. Your weren't ready, were you? Aren't ready for grown up debate either. On. Your. Bike. #Brexit #MeaningfulVote #StandUp4Brexit
Brexit is a nightmare for currency traders
HaHa. This has got to be false news. The Alt Right are rising in Germany and ordinary Germans increasingly want away from EU like us. France and Greece and Italy, amongst others, wanting away too. What waffle is this?
Our latest #Economics Weekly examines the ramifications from today's #BrexitVote, and also looks at the slump in UK production
39% of folk questioned here scare the fuck ootae me.
Via : Brexit decision day: May urges MPs to look again at her EU divorce deal ....
A new government which would stop beating down our worst off and a less-damaging resolution of Brexit
Humm
May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?
same thing is happening with europeans in uk with the brexit mess, depression and suicide rates are well up due to anti immigrant/foreigner rhetoric
Not a danger - an opportunity.
As MPs prepare to vote on Theresa May’s failed Brexit deal this week, the outcome of the days ahead will be crucial for Scotland’s future. Yesterday, the Scottish Government wrote to all MPs at Westminster urging...
GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks tripped by earnings angst, sterling huddled for Brexit vote
Brexit letters 'meaningless' - DUP
#Brexit #BackTo60 for 50sWomen #NoDeals
Post-#Brexit #Arbitration Model includes, "CJEU as sole arbiter of EU law, potentially across the full spectrum of UK/EU relations." See paragraphs 53-68, 177-179, 295-297, 302. #ADR #CJEU #Law
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
The other way around I think lol
UK Parliament on cusp of historically momentous Brexit vote
You lost. Get over it. Loser
Try winning some voters first, you tools
Tories are the ones that have been playing with the future of this country by bringing Brexit referendum in the first place. Shameful games in Tory party is the resulted in where we are!
He is the wimpering grass bag that'd you take great delight in smashing.
UK PM May to force second vote on Brexit deal: The Sun
choosing a factory which received £400k in EU funding and where 69.4% constituents voted #Leave for her speech yesterday is a perfect example of the gov's self-destructive Brexit stance. #Brexit #MeaningfulVote #PeoplesVote
Can I put this in my assignment to do with Brexit
here you go the Irish Times certainly doesn’t favour Brexit
If only every other broadcast journalist had taken this approach eh?
OMG Geoffrey Cox is an arse, he talks of 2 keys with 2 doors 2 explain the WA +PD This man is so self effected so self absorbed + clearly likes the sound of his own voice, watching HOC leaves me thinking UK deserve Brexit if only 2 show them the truth Tory politicians are rubbish
‘A brexit so soft it will be unrecognisable as brexit’
Centrists like Yvette Cooper also pledged to honour the referendum result. The swing to remain is still uncertain. If labour lose the support of leavers the Tories will be able to push Brexit through, no problem. The lib Dems and green party aren't seeing much support.
Country every time. Which is why we must stop #Brexit and address the underlying issues that led so many people to be misled into thinking that the EU was the problem. It never was people - and leaving it WILL NOT FIX ANYTHING.
Any claims that the BBC has any form of neutrality is blown out of the water with this lineup. One person in this list of six is to the left of centre-right. Misogynists, fascists and liars vs
In other news, I've had to explain what 'bullocks' are to my 9 year old daughter. #Brexit.
UK Parliament holds key vote on PM’s Brexit bill
Access skilled staff with a stockperson apprenticeship With Brexit looming, the impact of recruiting and retaining reliable staff has already caused concerns within the farming community. Find out about more:
A really shitty Brexit plan will remain really shitty regardless of how many times you bring it before parliament.
I'm so sick of - well, really, *non*-Brexit, I really can't be bothered to read do Our Guardian's Quiz! Suspect I'd do less well than you, I haven't been following it very closely.
don't be fooled. today isn't the day we finally get some finality on the outcome of brexit, it's only the beginning of the beginning.
TRY FREE #AUDIOBOOK … … #amreading #books #love #AmReading #bookworm #art #booklover #Brexit #CriticsChoiceAwards #writing #business #book #photography #follow #westhollywood #amwriting
A metaphor for May’s Brexit
If Parliament listens to and follows 's speech the same way we all follow the advice of our Lawyers for everyday matters, the Deal will be approved unanimously tonight. He's got the answers and he's very very persuasive. Let him speak. #Brexit #WithdrawalAgreement
Seems he got caught cold and didn't expect Rees Mogg to phone him
Move to the magical EU then post Brexit.
Who was the guy in back of the speaker picking his nose (and eating it) #Brexit
Mrs May is deep in the bunker
It is the DUP’s own Brexit strategy that imperils the very Union Sammy and his pals want to protect
Brexit amendments: How are MPs trying to shape the vote on the PM's deal? - Sky News
#Bercow amendment choices for tonight's vote
The Attorney General really should stop getting public speaking lessons from Brian Blessed... "BREXIT'S ALIVE!!!!"
100% Actueel Live 15 01 2019: Poll - House of Commons reject brexit deal? #vote #chat via
MPs are so out of touch with the people. I don't think we'd have got a Brexit vote had people like Cameron thought we'd vote leave. I feel that many MPs will have been massively shocked by the result as many thought remain would walk it.
Bunch of fannies thinking they can do shit alone. I vote #No to Brexit Bring all the Muslims
For the love of all things holy - we can't afford to lose bacon. #Remain
Meet The New Brexit 'Doomsday Preppers': Housewives Stockpiling Food And Medicine
Brexit vote: UK lawmakers prepare to deliver verdict on EU divorce deal
Final thoughts.. Brexit in or out?
Latest #OpenAccess article considers the implications of the UK leaving the EU (#Brexit) for the and the wider UK financial sector, and for the EU’s Capital Markets Union (CMU) project. via International Economics and Economic Policy journal
Brexit vote: If UK Parliament rejects May's Brexit deal, what's Plan B?
Surely not implying that they could just re-run the referendum! Sorry! Re-run the vote. Not the referendum.
Why are there Tesco value placards everywhere, is this all we’ll be able to afford post Brexit
I'd like to sympathise with them, but many of them voted for Brexit so it's difficult. Just as with many others that were promised things before the EU Ref they will find themselves sold down the river by people like JRM, but all he cares about is cheap goods, not British jobs.
BBCNEWS 5:49am BREXIT DEAL VOTE. The UK is due to Ieave the EU on March 29th ', I BREXIT DEAL VOTE. Murrison amendment on ending...
Brexit Vote: Parliament to Decide on E.U. Withdrawal Plan
May faces defeat in parliament over Brexit plan
that is an excellent point. No matter the deal the UK financial district takes a massive hit with Brexit.
I still dont understand the flags you have chosen in your profile - which indicate pro EEA /EFTA at very least ! I imagine you have looked into the findings from the book Alternative War and Carole &amp; but its all no way to run a democracy !!
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
BS! After a 90% trading drawdown its also desirable to protect the remaining 10% but its very unlikely conservative and constructive behavior with that 10% that remains will generate the 900% returns required to recover (1800% to suggest healthy returns) any time soon (or ever)
With a pivotal Brexit vote in the UK today it is fantastic to hear such promising news for 2001 EY Entrepreneur Of The Year . When surveyed, 62% of our Alumni believed that Brexit provided opportunities. We are delighted to see these manifest.
Paper 1
Let's just address the elephant in the room hahahaha
Following a nuclear war the only living thing on Earth besides cockroaches will be Theresa May #Brexit #BrexitVote
Ah, A People's Vote to resolve all inconsistencies comprising the longest worded referendum options in history so that you can nail every possible interpretation. But this is slightly disingenuous anyway cos I've never met anyone wanting a People's Vote, who actually wants Brexit
Though obviously you have ignored the vast differences in policy, approach and philosophy outside of the Brexit issue. These differences still matter to lots of people.
What's the best solution to Brexit? #BrexitDeal
What will be next for #Brexit?
#TheresaMay, like a crazed First World War general, in absolute denial, epitomising incompetence and pig-headedness. #Brexit
We invited Bridget Phillipson - who claims her consituents now support a People’s Vote - to meet Leave voters in Sunderland and she declined.
British PM faces defeat in historic Brexit deal vote #News
Brexit creates huge barriers to trade, with our closest partners. Listen to why this is a really bad idea, then you will understand why UK economy is set to contract.
Are You Looking For Photo editing e-commerce service design (ClippingPath, #RemoveBackground,#PhotoRetouch, ghostmannequin/Neckjoint, masking, #Shadow,etc)? Contact-
"British MP delays giving birth by two days to vote against Brexit deal" via FOX NEWS #timbeta #betaajudabeta #timbetalab
If Theresa May's Brexit deal is voted down, who should decide what happens next?
My brexit deal for my vip clients on 2.42 pm. Made massive profits with proof. For vip group just whatsapp +61411206866 #forex #forextrader #forexsignals #forexprofit #forexsignal #forexmoney #forexstrategy #forexgroup #forexmarket #forexmentor #forextraining
Hi Julia, how are you? My name is Ana and I am a reporter in Portugal. I am a trying to collect people's stories on their lives in Britain and what Brexit has meant and could mean for bussiness/families. I've seen your tweets and it would be great if we could speak:)
It's vote day! Perfect day to learn: How to Negotiate a Brexit Property Bargain #property #realestate #houseprices #prices #homebuyers #homebuying #homeselling #ukproperty #mortgage #market #realty
Oh come on America, give us a chance, even with Brexit we can’t compete with this in Britain !
The British people should get the final say on the Brexit deal, with the option to remain in the EU. Agree? Add your name:
check out this link for cheap shoping
Pound exchange rate: How will GBP Sterling be impacted by Brexit vote TONIGHT?:
Choosing ‘Brexit’ Could Leave the Kingdom Less United
We are offering exclusive #livepositions today inside parliament for foreign journalists reporting on the latest #Brexit developments. #meaningfulvote #BrexitAgreement #EU
It ain't over til its over
How about you leave #Brexit to the goverment and concentrate more on what's happening in London and do more to prevent 14 yr old kids like #JaydenMoodie from getting stabbed! Think you can do that?! If not then RESIGN MR.MAYOR!
FTSE 100 price: What is happening to FTSE today ahead of CRUNCH Brexit vote?:
Read my exclusive interview with Lord Gadhia on his journey, his great initiatives and all things India and Brexit! #lordgadhia #uk #India #brexit #parliament #modi
I'm waiting for the BREXIT result after the all terabytes about it
The #Remoaners don't want a FAIR #SECONDREFERENDUM: they just want to #Remain! They believe that a second vote will give them victory, but forget that the first vote was their BEST CHANCE of victory! If only they'd desisted from sabotaging the negotiations...... #brexit
An abortion provider explains the abortion procedure #TuesdayThoughts #TuesdayMotivation #TuesdayMorning #TuesdayBookBlog #Tuesday #brexit #BrexitVote #BrexitDeal
And......in reference to new Pension Credit rules, coming out in May, if The Bastards &amp; Bitches are STILL IN POWER.... "The government's decision to sneak out a £7k #pension cut for the #elderly on Monday evening –...
not sure a GE would cleanse. We would just go from a Tory Brexit to a Labour Brexit - you still have the same issues, and youll still have the right wingers threatening civil disobedience etc
Indeed. Should be. But isn’t....
For the sake of working people, the left must back remain | Aditya Chakrabortty
I agree. However, I think climate change would be better tackled from within the EU rather than outside. Halt brexit, work on climate change.
So 2019 is when Brexit begins and we slowly pull out of the EU. I hope we pull out quicker from the EU than I did from the EX or we'll end up with 18 years maintenance to pay.
This is why these cretins of MPs dismissing no deal outright are so stupid, they are so self obsessed they can't see that no deal is our biggest bargaining chip that will ultimately create a sensible deal.
Arlene selling snake oil for the disaster capitalists and their hard #brexit puppets. They have always wanted a hard border. And the lie it never existed, so it can't happen again, confirms this.
Exclusive: DfE fears over Brexit delay to teacher recruitment strategy - TES News #recruitment #news
Stocks tripped by earnings angst, sterling huddled for Brexit vote
No chance of us leaving on WTO now, reckon it’s either May’s deal (with some changes) or no Brexit.
This is is Theresa May's Brexit deal - and the four possible alternative plans if she's defeated
Listen to this week's podcast: Critical moment for Brexit; Oxford clerics criticise bishops on sexuality; Theology Slam finalists
A fine speech from the Lords. What will happen this afternoon in the Commons?
The US leaving NATO is only part of the conspiracy, Brexit is another factor. Putin also wants the UK isolated from Europe and backing the US in the breakaway. They have used the same players in the vote rigging, Cambrige Analytica &amp; co were used in both campaigns, Bannon etc.
Indeed. Dr Bastani has misrepresented the YouGov findings, which are in full here
it's time to halt the madness and stop Brexit - for all our sakes, please! #BrexitVote #PeoplesVote #RevokeArticle50
This week #BREXITVote ... This week of all weeks, Jaguar Land Rover workers ... Jeremy #Corbyn's #Labour Party should be reminded of this gurning idiot the party has for a leader ... #PeoplesVote #BREXIT/#LEXIT
When will all of us chavs who voted for #brexit wake up and realise highly paid middle class people know best.
Remain or Leave? A Photographic Journey Through Brexit via
Brexit Deadlock: What Next? Eleven weeks to go and incredibly it looks like Parliament will defeat May's Brexit deal. More about #BrexitDeal #BrexitChaos and what are the chances for #Referendum on via
Secret how comes. Why can't we all just live in peace and unity There is enough for everyone It's terrible how evil the world has become. We cannot live like this anymore. Bring world peace please
Place a #brexiteer in charge of negotiating with a proper trade delegation who knows what they’re talking about #brexit
Yep, THEN No Deal/WTO Barriers - #RevokeA50 and Remain UNTIL Parliament has had a FULL DEBATE on the FACTS of Brexit AND what Leave campaigns did in 2016 to con voters with FALSE PROMISES of future trade (work, JOBS, wealth of NORMAL Brits). Take your neolib COns coup &amp; SHOVE IT
&gt;&gt;&gt; The UK is a representative democracy. The Brexit referendum was therefore (only) advisory. Besides, an outcome of 51:49 whatever the issue is bound to make almost half the people feel ignored and/or disenfranchised. Cue the example of Switzerland; they rerun referenda &gt;&gt;&gt;
Hilary Benn: I’ve withdrawn my amendment so parliament can reject May’s failed deal. MPs must also reject a no-deal Brexit and if there’s still deadlock after that, the only answer is another referendum.
Anthony Hilton: Theresa May’s only path is to revoke Article 50 and ditch Brexit - Evening Standard
A very hard #brexit without any lube
Is anyone even listening to him still? #brexit
That might be true, it might be false but it won’t solve or deliver Brexit. It doesn’t exist in an acceptable form.
This is welcome but any visa waiver scheme must include producers, engineers, management and touring crew. Cc
..“new Caravan is heading up to our Southern Border from Honduras. Tell Nancy and Chuck that a drone flying around will not stop them” .. #Trump #QAnon #News #Brexit #TrumpTrain #BuildTheWall #2A #1A #QARMY #Q #TuesdayMorning #GOP
Honda to shut production down for six days in April due to Brexit:
Scots could get more to influence the Brexit conversation if they seriously threatened Scexit.
On such a slim majority how do you deliver a Brexit that suits all parties? Or are the 48% that voted remain not important even though they’ll be living with the implications. On the flip side I imagine lots of the 52% don’t want any sort of deal at all.
The essential problem is easy to state, if hard to solve. It is that referendums conventionally pose a binary choice—but in this case, there are three distinct outcomes.
Tory division? Need to look at the opposing side of house, just as bad if not worse, using Brexit as a tool for GE, disgusting
This week #BREXITVote ... This week of all weeks, Jaguar Land Rover workers ... Jeremy #Corbyn's Party should be reminded of this gurning idiot the party has for a leader ... #PeoplesVote #BREXIT/#LEXIT
Here's my new EP release #BolloxtoBrexit a dance floor comment on the chaos that is Brexit there's a censored version, just hit me back if you want a wav download?
I agree has sold GB out to the dictatorial EU with this deal. How on earth the supposedly intelligent MP's can't see it I don't know, but hey if you talk too much about how you know the electorate didn't understand what they voted for they didn't; they voted you in
If you’re in favour of an independent Scotland, they’ve radically increased the chances of it actually happening. No deal or bad #Brexit deal will almost assure it! So much for ‘s “precious Union”
Yes, we all know that the countries of the EU would suffer from Brexit. All the more reason to admire the 27 for standing together and refusing to have the principles of the EU undermined. Absolutely nothing for the UK to be proud about here
. says #Brexit implementation period losing its value because there's nothing to implement. Here's how we reported that in November: via
"It does not, it does not, it does not, it does not, how many times do I have to say it" - Attorney General Geoffrey Cox addresses "typical misconceptions" the European Court of Justice retains jurisdiction over UK courts after #Brexit #BrexitVote:
We've got less than 24 hours left to stop Theresa May's bad Brexit deal. If we work together we can end this mess and get a People's Vote. Sign up at
If you’re a Singer in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a misery for you. If you live in Scotland then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this debacle! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
MP delays childbirth to vote on Brexit - sparking row over Tory untrustworthiness. Here's the reason via
Refusal to live in real world #BrexitBritain
What’s your plan then Jeremy? Obviously a general election because that’s all you keep banging on about. But seriously after 2 years nobody knows where you or labour stand on Brexit.
Now I totally oppose Brexit. But imagine if the results were the end of the Union and the Tory Party. Ill winds and no good and all that
Trouble is, PM, that Brexit is NOT what is right for the country - have the last 30 months taught you nothing? The whole thing started as a game for your predecessor, sure, but it's not a game any more, our future looks awful outside the EU.
So you don't want a free market, you want protectionism? Don't pretend that you voted in the interests of UK workers generally, or that Brexit won't be bad generally for working people. Let's hope the government still have the budget to buy whatever you're selling after Brexit.
NEW: John Bercow risks fresh Brexiteer backlash by rejecting bid to put time limit on Irish backstop
How has the Brexit saga impacted friendships? -
Sebastian Kurtz (Austrian Chancellor) - "We will not reopen withdrawal agreement. No-deal would b bad for for EU, but worse for UK". #Brexit
Theresa May's Brexit plan is facing major defeat in a key vote
Switched the TV on for the Brexit debate, it was on Bradley Walsh's Wheel Of Fortune on Challenge, and now I'm just watching that instead.
Brexit is such a shambles. I'm not advocating a second vote by any means, but I totally feel the WHOLE house should be emptied and all current MP's should be barred from standing again. All they have done is bicker and put their parties interests before the country. Useless!!!
A man whose company set up funds inside the EU to avoid being harmed by Brexit wants you to know...
Danger: risk of complacency #StopBrexit #StopBrexitSaveBritain #PeoplesVote
No Leave won and 17.4 million people are getting fed up of being ignored by MPs who think they know better. If you do everything you can to stop Brexit you will be responsible for the consequences in this country.
It looks like the two messages were interchangeable. Both were used at one point or another on the Vote Leave website, literature, flyers, and Facebook ads. If the whole amount were to go to the NHS how would we fund all the other costs related to Brexit?
You are losing our Brexit! Two Priorities: 1 Do whatever it takes to leave on WTO terms or better on 29/3; 2 Judging by past form you will fail to get us out on 29/3 so please ensure that any people’s vote is a simple leave remain and we will #TellThemAgain #TTA
This week #BREXITVote ... This week of all weeks, Jaguar Land Rover workers ... 's Party should be reminded of this gurning idiot the party has for a leader ... #PeoplesVote #BREXIT/#LEXIT
And it doesn’t mean that any one of those lots of people either actually understand the consequences, or agrees with the person stood next to them about Brexit even is.
#Remainers will stamp and stamp and stamp if they can't it their way. #brexit
Germany must help Europe's response to Brexit 'warning' - Finance Minister
And Dragons and Zombies will prowl the streets .....Give over Spear Chuka...
WTF .....Voting against Brexit deal could lead to united Ireland, warns PM May May is showing her desperation and she needs to RESIGN as soon as she loses tonight !! deal could lead to united Ireland, warns PM May
Whilst not quite daring to acknowledge that Brexit will make austerity worse - and even under Labour make it much, much harder to address.
Some Brexit fans are literally are one step away from suggesting that the Queen take power and oversee mass executions of white people with dreadlocks
Grace seemed to be saying that Brexit was necessary to fight capitalism, without acknowledging that the EU does fight the worst aspects of multinationals and a socialist UK on its own would most likely flounder.
TRUTH to POWER.
It's written into UK law with royal Assent that we leave EU 29th March. With or without a deal. Nothing can stop Brexit.
and "we have reached consensus on the terms of our exit" - the word consensus is doing a lot of heavy lifting there..... #brexit
Investor confidence upswing ahead of #BrexitVote
Historical Countries don't have block voting rights in UK referenda &amp; they do not fit into polling stations,only Humans vote In this case the Humans living in all parts of the UK decided the referendum outcome this is a fact however 50M did not vote leave hardly people's will
Shall we try to reconcile headlines like this in Canada's major national newspaper with claims that the former dominions believe that the UK is well-positioned to provide global leadership?
The world still needs our careful attention and those in need deserve our support. We are probably to busy with our vitriolic Brexit or not tantrums.
This week #BREXITVote ... This week of all weeks, Jaguar Land Rover workers ... 's #Labour Party should be reminded of this gurning idiot the party has for a leader ... #PeoplesVote #BREXIT/#LEXIT
This week's #SharpEndITV now available online here. Guests: Brexit crisis, more Brexit and tributes to Steffan Lewis &gt;
Sorry it's not Brexit and we are giving away 39 billon for nothing in return. MP'S vote deal down EU drop backstop and pay 39 billion in stages when full deal is done.
STOP THE BREXIT STOP IDIVIDUALISME
Brexit: Stop trading pound sterling ahead of vote on Theresa May's deal, top bank tells clients - The Independent
A gay man who wants brexit = trump. Ok, well you just personified the left's arguments. Well done.
As predicted, any savings made from Brexit will be spent on shoring up affected businesses.
What time is the Brexit vote? And how is it going to happen?
Government ‘sneaks out’ £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote - The Independent: just what we have come to expect from these b@*#* , the time has come for this government to fall!!!!!
James O'Brien Destroys Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote - LBC
In summary: *James Watson is still a racist *It’s a book about tidying stuff up *It’s an advert for a razor *Danny Dyer *Brexit.
It’s insane that the UK government again lying to the British people. It’s a fantasy thinking that a customs union with the EU can be agreed in one and a half year. Why they keep chasing unicorns? #brexit
This is an admission that we are leaving on WTO terms. The deal cannot be rejected by the biggest defeat in British history then pass through Parliament and there is no way the people will stand for BrExit being stopped because power belongs to the people, not Parliament
NONE STOP BLACKMAIL
Brexit may be the biggest risk to the markets today, here's why . . .
Read my exclusive interview with Lord Gadhia on his journey, his great initiatives and all things India and Brexit! #lordgadhia #uk #India #brexit #parliament #modi #vaahan
What a weasel Gove is. He backed this shit all the way - just wonder what a feckin mess Tory Brexit headbangers have made of this country.
Theresa May faces crushing Commons defeat for her Brexit deal as MPs prepare for historic vote
Also, the UK Government has already confirmed that a no-deal #Brexit equals a hard border, one for which London is responsible: Continued "Sure nobody wants a border, so who'll build one?" complaints are wilfully insincere. 3/3
Just for accuracy's sake, I'd have to say same sex marriage, but that really is about it. Set against the cruelty of "austerity" and the grim disaster that is Brexit, its not a lot. Bastards...
What concerns me is right now, I feel like I'm jumping out of a plane with absolutely no parachute, no backup, and with no one offering advice or support on what happens from any side, business wise or home wise. However personally I don't think brexit happen
Is using #ClickBait again to elicit a response? Revealed: Yes it is. (and to answer the question posed "Is Theresa May's proposed Brexit deal flawed?" Yes. #StopBrexit #r4today
Nothing has really started yet in U.K. but it will start if this Treaty is passed or attempts are made to stop/delay Brexit.
Put your arms around the world At brexit time
The UK Establishment does not want to leave - anymore than the traditional GOP wanted to support Trump. Traditional forms of liberal democracy are no longer liberal or democratic. We need MORE Brexit, Trump, Salvini &amp; gillets j - not less!
this is the state of the CORRUPT #Tory Self Serving wankers in power in 2019 - Tory minister shows notes predicting 'No food' after no-deal Brexit #Election NOW #Brexit
People are tired of experts... #BrexitVote #brexit
Elizabeth Denham sets out how the is helping businesses prepare for a possible no-deal Brexit
Remains topical. Leavers undermined their own project through their dogmatic ignorance and mis-selling.
'The horror of a no deal Brexit'.... Omg.... What planet are you on?
Hear Hear
sadly as you composed that little gem of a tweet somewhere between 1 to 5 teenagers have just been stabbed. but nice to see you have the time to post about Brexit #notmymayor
It depends what you mean by “implementing” since there were a thousand different potential iterations of Brexit. May asked for permission to do it her way &amp; didn’t get it, she ignored the result, so here we are. Democracy demands a check back to the electorate on this matter.
This is an excellent summary diagram of potential outcomes of Mrs May's #Brexit vote
A no-deal Brexit could destroy London’s thriving economy – Theresa May should rule it out now - The Independent
Beware the “commentators” who repeatedly and gleefully hope for the collapse of the eurozone or the EU. In the highly unlikely event either of those scenarios occur it would not provide any positive effects for A #brexit Britain.
“Remainers are right that voters know more now than we did in 2016. We know just how ruthless the EU is. We know the liberal elite holds us in contempt. And we know that voting for Brexit was the most sensible thing we ever did” We need to leave and leave now!
You will do whatever that Stalinist Corbyn wants won’t you? Never mind the will of the membership
This is how #Corbyn plans to win #GE2019 He wants #Brexit (40% on wish list) but can claim to offer all the other things (total 60%)
It's usually men's voices which dominate any meeting or gathering...
"Parliament to vote on May's Brexit deal"
What a legacy
The two are clearly connected if you want to use Brexit to bank UKIP and Labour Leave votes for years and created a long term Tory majority you are not interested in cross party consensus. With a 52:48 result with hindsight that was crazy but in 2016 they thought they could.
BBCNEWS 5:51am BREXIT DEAL VOTE. Leigh amendment makes clear backstop is temporary' I BREXIT DEAL VOTE. MPs will vote tonight on...
Theory@ You and are so cocky regarding the brexit / Russia cover up because you know the current government is also implicated and as such you are protected unless they are exposed?
When they write the history books, will be remembered as an awful leader who lacked judgement. She has shown time &amp;again how her dogma has let the people down. Her dealings with #police should have been a warning signal to all. Now as PM,what a mess. #brexit #Tories
This may seem like a guddle, but it really only takes a few minutes. 1. Fill in the form. 2. Check your email &amp; click the link to confirm. 3. log in &amp; support the petition. It really is that simple - it'd be nice to get over a million signatures from Scotland alone.
He’s in the wrong position to achieve anything - maybe if he had been used in a Ministerial position ie if he had been the Brexit negotiator we would have been in a very different place now? That’s why TM was afraid of promoting him.
The narrative of an imminent collapse of the eurozone or EU is perpetuated in the hopes that those who will feel the pain caused by #brexit will remain content that the other side will hurt as much if not more.
BBC News - Brexit: Theresa May faces 'meaningful vote' on her deal Attorney General 98% of the voting public will not understand what he as been talking 49 minuets.He may as well have explained the man in the moon as motion sickness 49 minuets codswallop
What's scariest is quite how plausible a lot of these are...
one day after Brexit....
On the one hand, the #brexit fiasco gives me comfort that American voters aren’t the only ones who passionately vote against their own best interests. On the other hand, WTAF Y’ALL it really is the end of the world maybe?
We've got less than 24 hours left to stop Theresa May's bad Brexit deal. If we work together we can end this mess and get a People's Vote. Sign up at
oooo want!
NOTHING HAS CHANGED
Met police confirm Owen Jones and Momentum blatant Brexit Betrayal rally... via
As you have frequently proved maths isnt your strong point (further proof you are just a thief and a liar) but only 37% of the people eligible to vote, voted leave thats not a majority and why #Brexit will never happen I will reject my British identity asap when the brouhaha dies
It shows in what regard two countries which are part of the UK are held. BBC 5 live has had no-one from Scotland or Northern Ireland on any off their shows, although they have discussed Brexit at length.
RSPCA renews calls to ban live animal exports after Brexit via
If I am understanding all the ins and out of it, the most likely outcome of tonights vote is a extension of article 50, to either build a new deal or stage a second referendum. Both will keep the UK economy and business in limbo for another 6 months. #Brexit
Poor BBC, your propaganda didn't work in Trump election or BREXIT. it wont work here as well
Just tuned in to some #Brexit coverage and folks, today is going to be a big day for aggrieved Brits interrupting one another.
Theresa May gave a speech asking MPs to back her Brexit deal in a factory awarded £429,000 by the EU
These Facebook Pages Are Spending Thousands Of Pounds Trying To Influence Your Views On Brexit - BuzzFeed UK
Frankfurt-based state-owned bank Helaba predicts that as many as 25 banks, including Goldman Sachs, Citi, JPMorgan and Barclays, will move operations and staff from London to Frankfurt, reported FT.
Here's my new EP release #BolloxtoBrexit a dance floor comment on the chaos that is Brexit there's a censored version, just hit me back if you want a wav download?
Wonder which way he voted #brexit
Where Greens lead, others follow. Today reported there’s a ‘Conservatives for a People’s Vote’ campaign being launched by Tory MPs. We present the dynamic solutions to critical issues like Brexit and climate change.
It could be that two surprise developments of 2016 - Brexit and the rise of Trump - may turn out to be phenomenons that were rather short-lived (Cubs and Cavaliers also peaked that year)
MPs seize on German minister’s suggestion of further Brexit talks – The Guardian
Brexit: Jeremy Clarkson brands Leave voters 'coffin dodging idiots' and criticises young people for not voting
people didn't vote for poverty you utter imbecile. brexit is a lie and a fantasy land. good luck
What a load of utter rubbish from this intellectually challenged and economically illiterate #Prat
2019: Taking a break from social media until Brexit is done and dusted 2078: Where my party people at?!?
Brexit: MPs to vote on 'right to terminate' Irish backstop after speaker selects amendments to tonight's vote on May's deal MPs are set to vote to demand the UK has the power to pull out of the Irish border backstop, ahead of the landmark clash on Theres…
Expected to support the deal.
Government 'sneaks out' £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote Ministers accused of attempting to bury the harsh impact of the change to pension credit
How wrong can you be. There is no valid mandate for Mays Brexit or no deal . There was a mandate for unicorns. They do not exist. Even that vote was corrupt. End it all now.
And he’s a candidate to replace her. What a talentless party
What critical thinking? You’ve not come to a salient point, you’re just regurgitating the talking points of your darling talking head in video format. You claim hard Brexit is the best option but you’re relying on someone else to say why without explaining it yourself?
Are Boris and Trump the lost brothers of the Kumbh Mela?
PM May Set for Brexit Vote Defeat, Germany Avoids Technical Recession - US Market Open | #Forex
German FM Maas says if Parliament rejects May's #Brexit deal, there could be new talks with the EU
Except you're not voting against Brexit. You're voting against the May deal. It may be you worded it badly, but words matter and you should know better. I voted Remain. And I just wish it could be over with.
I like this one: NHSvBrexit How do you feel about brexit today?
Starmer: May must find 'other options' on Brexit - Sky News
What is the difference between the #media coverage of #BrexitVote before the upcoming #MeaningfulVote when it comes to traditional and #socialmedia and who are the #influencers regarding #Brexit? #OSINT #NLP #AI #ML #DataScience
Nina talking sense about Brexit. It would not have mattered if it was a dead donkey that was the PM - the fantasy politics of "having your cake and eating it to" simply was never going to happen. #BrexitVote
#Brexit THERE IS NO DEAL THE ALTERNATIVE CUTS OUR THROAT IN THE UK!. T.May has no level of support even in own party,fake news keep saying she is doing great. WAKE UP! Wake UP ! England, the Scots Welsh,NI already know. This turd can't be polished.
Brexit is lose-lose whatever happens. It has little to do with TM, because all the negotiating power lies with the EU anyway. The UK can never be in anything but a weak bargaining position because the UK has so much more to lose.
#Brexit and (at least) the eight possibilities available after tonight's vote. Thanks to
So very true
Vote Leave, the official pro-Brexit campaign from the 2016 poll, is bidding to sue the Electoral Commission
Its almost like we have a Parliamentary Democracy, which holds the executive to account. Pretty sure this is what people wanted Brexit to give us back.
Theresa May makes final pleas for Brexit plan support ahead of crucial vote
British economy functions on sterling depreciation, money consequently ploughed into real estate by locals as safe haven asset, construction, stamp duty and capital gains generate taxes, works until current accout goes pop
"Few will be affected as much as Gibraltar, which relies on its access to EU markets &amp; many of whose citizens make the daily commute over its border for work. has made clear the PM’s deal protects their interests" - | #BrexitVote
I mean what’s the feckin point??
Here's my new EP release #BolloxtoBrexit a dance floor comment on the chaos that is Brexit there's a censored version, just hit me back if you want a wav download?
Brexit latest Labour said if and when the deal is voted down there is a cross party majority to remain in a customs union &amp; single mkt witch contains freemovement = Cross party remain option ,
No point in this #brexit #vote Today it’s not going to get approved anyway, #politicians wanting power not interested in what the #people #voted for, #MPs should be #ashamed of themselves today #embarrassing #shocking #kidsinaplayground #LeaveMeansLeave
Or #howtokilltheideaofdemocracyforever well done roll on the monster raving looney party cause neither of you will be running the country if Brexit is not delivered
Brexit doesn't make any difference to it whatsoever. His company's funds invest in emerging markets. Any journo would pick up on the timing and spin it, it's an open goal.
Also Sprach #Brexit
German slowdown hits euro, sterling slips before Brexit vote Read more at:
I’m in A&amp;E, my husband, a haemophiliac is doubled over in pain. An angel of a Spanish nurse is helping him. Thank God for our #NHS Those voting on #brexit today, please don’t kill my husband.
The Speaker, John Bercow, selected four of the 13 amendments tabled to the motion for the meaningful vote. What do those four amendments mean, and will they pass?
#London-Westminster: MPs headcount shows UK PM May facing triple-digit Brexit loss by a 225 - margin. Vote is expected around 21:30 hrs
May is time to resign your brexit deal is very bad resign
Groundhog May.
I got my reply today - just a stock reply directing me to her page on Brexit: She's voting for the May deal today (of course).
Theresa May's Brexit plan is facing major defeat in a key vote:
What absolute dumbfuckery is this?
Yeah, me too probably. Also, if May had said, ' the result is just too close to go for a hard Brexit. We must therefore seek compromise' &amp; had then appointed a Brexit committee of all opinions, I could have been won over by a Norway type deal. It's her fault the chasm's so huge.
“At the moment the world needs competition to be encouraged . . . We’re becoming sedentary in our economic blocs, if you like. I think Britain could be an agent for that.”
They've been heading right for a while, brexit supporting, jokes about immigration, etc. It's a bit sad.
Doesn't matter what thickness of makeup you #BrexitAristoFatCats apply to the face of #Brexit to cover the gaping boils, this foundation is Pb Atomic#82 lead toxic for all but the rich, who've supported a fraudulent illegal referendum
Real Time Economics: Big Brexit Vote, Chinese Car Wreck
More lies and project fear from the worst London Mayor history.
DUP should do a deal with corbyn: offer support for vote of no confidence in late febuary; no-deal brexit in return for a general election.
The first Brexit! Time for the second, not much longer to wait
More than half of Tories prefer 'no-deal' Brexit - poll
Parliament debates and votes on May's Brexit deal – watch live via
This is why we need to resist the far right until our last breath. #PeoplesVote #StopBrexitSaveBritain
I think we can now bury any idea of a second referendum as it would be a recipe for civil unrest and solve nothing. Once the WA (&amp; the backstop) dies this evening, it's then a coice between a different deal or No Deal.
Democracy 2019
As the Commons decides on whether to honour "the will of the people" there is evidence of the people having second thoughts ....
And it will change again in 12-18 months so will we keep having snap referendums ? Someone in a vote always loses.....it was you.....get on with it #outmeansout #brexit
Theresa May's Brexit plan is facing major defeat in a key vote:
Hear hear
Funny how a huge trade deficit and our £39 + billion can focus the minds of the dictatorial EU.
World's media gathers outside Parliament for #Brexit vote via
Stuart, I’m not going to argue with someone who thinks we should stop paying council tax if brexit isn’t delivered and takes selfies with a pint. I’m sorry, but I just can’t.
Austria preparing bill to protect Britons' rights in case of hard Brexit - Reuters
Misleading headline here at the : Maas said there would probably be new talks if May loses. But no renegotiations of the Withdrawal agreement. #Brexit
An airlock stops your radiators working - ideal metaphor for Brexit, the heating won't work.
Brilliant, the EU colluder should resign &amp; fight a by election as an independent remainiac. is not honourable enough for that or he would have done it 2017 instead of standing on a brexit manifesto! Democracy will always find a way to get back at traitors.
#SNP and #PlaidCymru #amendment not approving PM's Brexit deal "in line with the views of the Scottish Parliament and the Welsh Assembly that they would be damaging for Scotland, Wales and the nations and regions of the UK as a whole" #BrexitDeal #brexitamendments #BrexitVote
How can those of us who have nothing be any poorer, has Labour or the EU protected us from zero hour irregular work where we still need the back up of a foodbank which exists only to make the middle class donors feel worthy, bring #Brexit it on and if it goes belly up #eattherich
since the Attorney-General has started speaking in the Brexit debate it has turned into a Shakespearean Tragedy...
For the sake of working people, the left must back remain
Beyond appalling. THIS makes me feel like a stranger in my own country - the knowledge that I share local streets, shops and busses with people who stoop this low. My eyes have been well and truly opened to an underbelly I didn't think was this filthy. #StopBrexitSaveBritain
But if just 4% of Leave voters voted for something they're not going to get, and would not now vote to Leave the EU, then there's no *real* mandate for Brexit.
You already do. For you Brexit is an inconvenience not an opportunity. A Brexiteer should be doing your job
Arrogance, wilful ignorance and stupidity is a dangerous combination of character traits unfortunately consistently displayed by our erstwhile Sec of State for Brexit!
Ode to Joy.
All you're doing is reinforcing the guilt by association bullshit.
I think he would be willing to vote for him even if he wasn’t offering Brexit.
Why are we being told that "The only way forward" is a pointer pointing backwards? The MPs are confused enough, poor wee things.
Post referendum May could have become a unifying PM. By delaying A50 &amp; creating a cross party Brexit committee to report to Parliament with all the options. The House could have made an informed decision before invoking A50. Negotiations would then have had the country's backing.
I’m sitting and thinking! After Great Britain will leave Brexit, what would be a price of oil per barrel! I thing it will be lower then $40 US dollars per barrel ($ 50 at this time).
Corbyn to IDS seems fair: they support the same Brexit policy, which is the only measure of a British politician today.
Peter Bone, the Tory Brexiter, intervenes to ask Cox about the report from the Lords EU committee (pdf), saying the UK would not have to pay anything to the EU after Brexit.
Cox says Bone is wrong. The UK might not have any financial obligations to the EU after Brexit under EU law, he says. But under public international law the UK would have financial obligations, he says.
Geoffrey Cox for the PM, all MPs please listen carefully #BrexitVote #brexit
BBCNEWS 5:53am BREXIT DEAL VOTE. MPs will vote tonight on proposed deal to leave EU; I BREXIT DEAL VOTE '. The UK is due 'O leave the...
But we are prospering. Even a hard brexit wont knock us off
In the name of democracy, vote for a deal that everyone hates!... Shall we check people are happy with this deal via a #peoplesvote? Nope, that would be antidemocratic. Fucking wasters #Brexit
There’s going to be an equally pissed off 16.5 million if it does considering the whole leave campaign was pie in the sky lies. Brexit is only good for rich people who are betting on all the shit that’s going to happen and can’t wait for those pesky European employment laws to go
So much for a meaningful vote
Whatever happens, British house prices are going to crash through a collapse in the £ or a collapse in local prices. They’re bonkers and make no sense in a post Brexit Britain.
We can only dream. Reality, Article 50 delayed, more parliamentary shenanigans from remain camp. #brexit never happens.
Worth taking a step back and reading this from : "When an executive has negotiated a treaty that it can’t get through its legislature(s) at the first attempt, something in the process has gone wrong."
EU to lose £500bn and UK to gain £640bn in no-deal Brexit, economist claims
Put This Aussie in Charge of Leaving the EU the Majority of UK Citizens who voted have already chosen Brexit, it's a matter of how and at the moment our elected MP's appear to be incapable of working together to deliver what we voted for...IMHO
Brexit deal failure will lead to ‘national emergency’, warns CBI chief - The Independent
Great to have you representing us Now if you could have a word with our Warwickshire neighbours and and try and talk sense into them that would be awesome. A long shot but you never know...
And it will get rejected again.
Fixed it for you, BBC: DUP leader Arlene Foster lying about why her party cannot support Theresa May's #Brexit deal.
And to avoid no deal you're going to need an Act revoking the EUWA or approval of the WA. Labour already voted to make no deal Brexit the default when it voted to trigger art 50. Can't stop it with resolutions now.
Here's my new EP release #BolloxtoBrexit a dance floor comment on the chaos that is Brexit there's a censored version, just hit me back if you want a wav download?
We cannot cancel Brexit.. people need to have trust.. Anyone who tries would loose confidence..
Brexit Vote: Parliament to Decide on E.U. Withdrawal Plan
With just hours until the vote on Theresa May's Brexit deal, protesters are out in force outside UK Parliament
Fintan O'Toole: Today Britain discovers it cannot escape history (via ) #Brexit
Why Brexit Doesn’t Mean Exit for Employers: Peter Cheese, CEO of the CIPD, says: “Now, more than ever, we need Government and via #Employer #Brexit #change #EU
It was true when wrote this over two-and-a-half years ago and it's still true now... We need a second referendum #BrexitVote #MeaningfulVote #PeoplesVote
Nice idea but zero chance of happening. #brexit
To serve as a distraction from all the #brexit #drama I have decided to post more videos of my #Nomad adventures. This time as a change from #Somaliland I have chosen to #share a business trip I did in the enchanted city of #Marrak…
PM May Set for Brexit Vote Defeat, Germany Avoids Technical Recession – US Market Open
No facts, no evidence. If we beleive in cheap clogs, it will work. #hauntedpencil Good work from !
In times of Brexit, this is the kind of news I read.
A Bad Day to bury Worse News?
“Is Meghan Duchess of Sussex delivering Brexit?” is a great starter question
Like the potter industry. What has happened to you? The Harry potter generation are the ones who support . and What is your problem? Your behaviour smacks of some kind of vendetta! Get a life.
Thankyou Sarah ! You're Right, we now need to give people something to Vote FOR, rather than simply 'against' Brexit ! So how about this : This 'Government are currently committed to spending at least £100 Billion on any 'Brexit'. (£40 Billion 'Divorce' Plus £60 Billion
Still in tandem #Brexit
Hoping for No Brexit and An End To Madness.
Prime Minister, you know full well it’s not the only option.
Desperately sad and very angry that the leader of has such a poor grasp of facts
Tim Farron on the Brexit debate: It's time to call a halt to physical and verbal intimidation
Another Brexit casualty.
This is what we have to tolerate on UK prime time , a programme discussing how we might scrap something 17.4m voted for. The media in this country is approaching dangerous territory at the moment.
The general public (those of us unfortunate enough to live in the real world) has totally lost faith in politicans from all parties. Whatever your take on brexit is I think we can all agree (though probably not) we simply don't trust any of you lot anymore.
#BrexitVote Why don’t we continue to cohabit for a while - perhaps move into the ‘spare bedroom’ till the kids (who couldn’t vote and didn’t want the #brexit divorce) are all grown up.
Brexit factor prompts Ireland merger interest as global firms move in #legalnews #brexit #lawfirms #ireland
The British PEOPLE want a #PeoplesVote It's the leaders of the two major parties who want #Brext, and are intent on denying the people a say
#Brexit #BrexitBETRAYAL #BrexitVOTE THE ONLY PERSON THAT HAS A VESTED INTEREST IN "PASSING" HER DEAL IS THERESA MAY EVERYONE ELSE SEES IT FOR WHAT IT IS A BLOODY BAD DEAL #WalkAway BBC News Theresa May's 'hypocritical' assembly remark dropped from speech
For 3 years Remoaners have been stood outside HP with no opposition, smart voters turn up when it matters #Brexit
#Brexit go back
Ah. I tweeted about this too
Absolutely brilliant. Someone please give this woman a mic to drop.
In Westminster, a Brexit war is raging in secret WhatsApp groups - WIRED UK
Four Amendments Threaten to Derail May - #May-NoT #Deal: #UK - #EU #Brexit Update - on Interview w/ Arlene Foster #DUP #Unions #Leaders #Opposes #BrexitDeal No #Backstop #Extended #Article50 Two-Year #Government- #Fail
You can watch the final speeches &amp; the vote live on Sky or a number of other streams. The U.K. is 5 hours ahead of Eastern Time.
2/2 but where is your forensic dissection of Kevin’s post. I posted it in response to Kevin’s assertion that Brexit is a class issue. Which means he’s implying his fellow maccams are either so thick they’ve been duped, or Sunderland has had an influx of toffs. Neither is true.
Is this even a democracy anymore.
Government ‘sneaks’ out pension change during Brexit row
what did they even talk about on the news before brexit
So tell me 'people's vote'(PV) campaigners, what Brexit is going to be put up against Remain in the PV you want, if our Sovereign, Parliament, has already rejected both Theresa May's crap deal&amp;'No Deal Brexit'? Anyone see the problem? A GE makes more sense than a PV #Politicslive
Brexit vote: Bercow allows four amendments but not one for second referendum - Politics live They'll say anything but prayers, they've proved time &amp;again they can't be trusted
Its what we voted for , now go away, your an annoying vacuum of anti Brexit betrayal garbage.
When he says “winter is coming” is that the same as “sunny uplands?”
Do you want a sweep stake over the loss to Theresa May this evening? The BBC has predicted a loss by 220. A Tory Vice-chairman said a loss of 75 or less. That means the median is 148. Worth a bet of £2. #Brexit #PeoplesVote #BrexitVote #FBPE #c4news #alloutpolitics #Peston
A shameful response to what is meant to be a "meaningful vote". Yet another demonstration of contempt of Parliament by an arrogant minority government.
DO WATCH THIS DEBATE - #BREXIT
But St Anselm proved that the perfect #BrexitDeal is achievable
They were irrelevant- were they tabled just for show?
What did you make of this article, last week Nina, where it says:"It has been suggested that the EU would respond generously, and even renegotiate the terms of the withdrawal agreement, should May pivot towards a permanent customs union "
UK lawmakers expected to reject May Brexit deal
You presume wrong. May's deal isn't Brexit. 2nd Ref isn't Brexit. At this point, only "No Deal" is Brexit.
Admire you, Richard but your boss is acting so impulsively now w/shut down ( much worse than they knew &amp; that's correct.) Too bad you're in admin w/ bad stats &amp; Brexit very connected 2 Trump kind of win but he's also so impulsive &amp; often makes no sense
The five main possible outcomes if the #Brexit deal is rejected are: A second Brexit referendum A vote of ‘no confidence’ Another general election A major renegotiation of the Brexit deal A no-deal Brexit
Delusional, divorced from reality having spent his life either in private school or the Commons, ideologically rigid and convinced of his own cleverness. He thinks he can ride the wave of this catastrophe into power.
We’ve had a final say,go away clown.
M&amp;S Sauchiehall Street. Twin bra set sale reduced to £12 One bra is missing. Sale charge for remaining bra? £10. Brexit in a nutshell. We're fucked.
A bit tuneless but quite good natured protest from the #Brexit #BrexitVote #PeoplesVote
Remain or Leave? A Photographic Journey Through Brexit - The New York Times
But...Trudeau said..."HE'D HANDLE IT" !!!! Now...lol...instead of a 15yr PRISON sentence....the poor CANADIAN CITIZEN gets the DEATH SENTENCE!!! WAY TO GO TRUDEAU!!!!
The #BrexitVote is 400+ gutless idiots banning No Deal &amp; voting for a shit #BrexitDeal when 78% want our #Sovereignty back . We are divided by Front Benches and ruled by Bourbons:
A fantastic start to this year's pub quiz night's. Over 40 players and new teams, some of which had a vague idea of what went on last year! Well done to new team "Brexit Means Breck Wast", a winning debut. Same time next week for a more normal quiz......…
A good summary of the Brexit situation.
#DWP accused of sneaking out hit to retired couples during #Brexit row via
1/2 We’ve heard analogies comparimg Brexit to house buying. We’re told that the UK must legally withdraw from the EU and be a ‘third party’ country before the future relationship can be legally decided. Question - see next
PM will try force a SECOND vote on her Brexit deal despite facing defeat AN OFFER FROM ONE FAILURE TO ANOTHER? Nein danke - bitte!
omg I’m dead I’m in the barbers and the boy I’m waiting behind is after starting a rant about Brexit and how “we shouldn Be lettin them—themmmmm what you call them IMMIGRANTS naw no immigrants” an I’m gonne pee
She’s a remainer and is deliberately doing this to derail Brexit. She will stop brexit and make it look like it was others that did the damage. She has to go.
Let me fix that for you. "#Brexit is the DUMBEST decision the UK has taken in modern history"
Thanks, without your monumental &amp; brave efforts Parliament would not even be having a vote today. Hopefully when the brexit history is written you will be given your rightful place there.
Won't Get Fooled Again? 'Meet the new plan. Same as the old plan.' With apologies to #Brexit #BrexitVote
Neo-Nationalism has hit the world real hard. Modi-Trump-Brexit era!
U.S. won't escape the pain of Brexit - NBC News
People seem to have forgotten that Theresa May inherited this fiasco from David Cameron, whom I very much doubt would have done a better job with the negotiations. #brexit #scapegoat #bulliedbyeu
Hi James, I realise you might be a tad busy today but you should listen to this podcast on this issue. Democracies are inherently biased towards the old, it doesn't mean disenfranchisement but it is a problem and it is totally tied up with Brexit
Brexit As things now stand, Britain will leave the European Union on March 29. Neither Mrs. May’s government nor the European bloc wants that to happen without an agreement in place-most experts predict that a no-deal Brexit would be chaotic and do severe economic damage." | NYT
Except lacking nuance (by - and let’s not forget the context of this thread - supporting Hitler to get Brexit) *is* either a sign of poor education, or lacking intelligence. It’s not elitism to state that education &amp; intelligence could avoid people arriving at such a conclusion
Remain or Leave? A Photographic Journey Through Brexit
A few hours before the Brexit, people supporting and opposing #Brexit have gathered outside UK Parliament. #WithdrawalAgreement #ukparliament
U.K. Facing Loss of Entertainment Biz as Brexit Looms - Variety
Struggling to get your head around today's Brexit vote? Here's everything you need to know, annotated, for easy reading and checked by an American and an Australian.
BBC News - Brexit: What voters want MPs to do next
The UK Govt has already confirmed that a no-deal #Brexit equals a hard border, one for which London is responsible: … … Continued "Sure nobody wants a border, so who'll build one?" complaints are profoundly disingenuous. 3/3
Is anyone else hoarding supplies and food for brexit or is it just my weird family?
The DWP used Brexit to sneak out another benefit cut #labour #politics #JC4PM
We bought a three pack of sweetcorn in case of brexit food shortages.
Funny, since proved in court that it was triggered illegally. Oh, and there's no such thing as a "WTO Brexit". How you fell for that is staggering.
Via our associate : If Brexit became ‘Lexit’
Meg at recently wrote a guest blog on all things #Brexit and how it may effect charities and #legacygiving
I look forward to the Brexit "Meaningful vote" caption version of that bunker scene from "Downfall".
Meet The New Brexit 'Doomsday Preppers': Housewives Stockpiling Food And Medicine | Zero Hedge
We just spent 20 minutes talking about Brexit in my class this morning. Glad to see lots of students knew about the importance of this day. Also glad that our professor took the time to explain the significance of this moment to the others.
Call it whatever. The fact remains that they wants the questions to rule out a no deal Brexit, thereby effectively rigging it so that the options are only May's deal or remain. The real options then become remain in all but name or remain. But we're the stupid ones!!
. . . If Brexit fails you no longer have a sovereign nation!!! Consider a run on the banks to send a message to Parliament!!! May must not win!!! #Yellowvest #Brexit
Is it just me or does sound like a disappointed parent?
Hi Nadine - I agree. I am absolutely appalled at the behaviour of some of your colleagues; especially the ones trying to stop Brexit - Grieve, Bowles and Burcow. How dare they try these tactics. Can you remind them that they are there to serve the people - not control them!
#Globalcitizen is out ! Stories via , #azizelmessaoudi, and #brexit #worldatwork
LMFAO faux-intellectual hot takes
Two strange men talk #Brexit James O'Brien Destroys Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote - LBC
Very true - although your only non-EU destination is Switzerland. Maybe time to rethink your website, add that you support Brexit, pick up the gammon skiing fraternity?
Here's my new EP release #BolloxtoBrexit a dance floor comment on the chaos that is Brexit there's a censored version, just hit me back if you want a wav download?
James O'Brien Destroys Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote - LBC this is funny
Yes, please!
Great piece from John Harris. Yes boredom. It was this that led to Brexit in the first place. A nation ‘bored of Brexit’ risks sleepwalking into disaster | John Harris
Leaving won't fix Britain's burning issues
what timing! brexit book news on ‘s best day ever
I stand by this even more so today.
To be fair mate,don't think it matters where we are at the moment all our MPs seem to be stuffing us....Im in Scotland. .one word Brexit..stop the world I wanna get off.
Easy solution. Scottish independence and a period of time when the smart people from rest of uk can move here and leave the rest to their gammon flavoured brexit
#DaybreakAmericas : Tell #SirBernardJenkins that The #Brexit referendum deadlocked. It failed. That's the reason The UK is so divided &amp; yotally confused on the issue!!!
Government ‘sneaks out’ £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote
What gets me, is some of the Brexit voters saying it is taking too long; and yet they voted for this direction. If they think two years is long, what are they going to think when we're six years deep and still talking about trade deals to be finalised and so on?
Don't worry, Conservative MPs can replace her with someone who has a better...oh Is it safe to assume everyone involved in Brexit will do precisely the wrong thing at precisely the wrong time?
Regardless of if you voted Leave or Remain, surely we all agree that to this point #Brexit has been a monumental balls up.
The Perth folk fell for the unonist lies in the indyref1 thats all. They saw the light in the brexit ref. At least they were smart enough to learn from their mistake. Good on Pete. Good guy.
Great time to be alive and watch the debate in the UK Parliament on #Brexit.
What you need to understand is that Brexit is an entirely British affair. The EU has done what it could and they'll not compromise the EU itself to accomodate a leaving member. They'll take the hit and move on. The UK caused all of this, it's their job to sort it out.
OK. The Attorney General is just an obstreperous, time-wasting, flatulent seal now. #Brexit
The peers are a disgrace and will do anything to stop Brexit.
I had a reply today - as expected, will be voting for the May deal. There was never going to be a chance of changing her mind.
Acheiving a result through lies is not democracy, its an abuse of the electorate and democratic principles. The Brexit that ppl voted for is undeliverable, and WTO would be a disaster. See The problem with fantasy politics is that it will hit reality
Brexit news: Mayors of London, Manchester and Liverpool warn PM 'no-deal not an option' - Evening Standard
Thing is, if we get him, we also get #brexit...
BBCNEWS 5:53am BREXIT DEAL VOTE. Labour amendment rejects deal due to no customs union' I ' BREXIT DEAL VOTE. Meaningful vote...
Brexit is “what politics is meant to be about”. A Norway deal simply is not leaving.
Yep. Cos most people in the UK are more concerned about austerity, poverty wages, foodbanks, Universal Credit, mounting personal debt, crumbling public services and the housing crisis than #Brexit. Hence why the pro-EU Lib Dems are polling in single figures.
Ok, after about 5 minutes of immersion in the coverage, I think I can render a verdict. Folks, #Brexit is pretty fucked.
It’s never going to happen. Putin has Gerhard Schroder on a very short, albeit expensive, leash. Merkel and the other fascists running the EU love putin. We should focus on UK. #Brexit
Just commented on : Half of people have no sympathy for British people over the current Brexit chaos -
The Brexit shit will hit the fan tonight when the deal is voted down by a huge majority. Prime Minister Theresa May will have no option but to resign. It is the balls up of the century. It will mean total...
History in the making
so how's this brexit thing going, guys
German foreign minister says EU could be ready to talk if UK rejects Brexit deal.
The #BrexitVote is more insane than you realised:
NEW: John Bercow risks fresh Brexiteer backlash by rejecting bid to put time limit on Irish backstop
‘Brexit’ Upsets Londoners Who Find Harmony in a Cultural Cacophony
How does Brexit affect the pound! #Business #Currency
WATCH: James O'Brien Destroys Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote /#EU #Brexit #BrexitVote #PeoplesVote
...Brexit, and I’ve seen a video of JRM saying he had no idea how bad it’ll be, because it will take 50 years to find out. He’s ok though, as he just set up 2 new funds in Dublin, despite the EU being a terrible place to do business. So...I don’t know it will be bad.
If the Brexit is voted down, will it mean the end of party politics in the UK? #ukconstitution #DUP
Government ‘sneaks out’ £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote - The Independent
looks like shes had enough .. if i was her i would use tonight to resign she could be sat on the beach this time next wk #Brexit #MeaningfulVote #brexitvote
the natives are getting restless.
what was vine still a brexit phasers kill hitler prime music playlist romantic jazz at war with romulan ale ipa
Property firm Watkin Jones to stockpile materials ahead of Brexit - Evening Standard
Brexit amendment that might have limited PM’s losses is rejected
Did she just use the IRAs border campaign successes and slabs smuggling operation as a reason why #brexit will be grand?
Sorry to break it to you, but Europe has much bigger issues to deal with than Brexit right now ;-)
I’m watching the British Parliament debate over the Brexit deal and I’m sorry I can’t help but laugh this is the most theatrical shit I’ve ever seen
You're right. Because brexit is not likely to happen. Hurrah.
If there’s anything good come from Brexit, it’s this!
Here it is from one who was there. The Rees-Moggs who say everyone knew they were voting for No Deal speak with Forked Brexit. #FBPE
Here's my new EP release #BolloxtoBrexit a dance floor comment on the chaos that is Brexit there's a censored version, just hit me back if you want a wav download?
The British people should get the final say on the Brexit deal, with the option to remain in the EU. Agree? Add your name:
The "talks with Labour" argument seems odd, given that May's main problem is with hard end of Brexiteers, who won't wear it and Labour is not led be centrists aiming to avoid hard Brexit. So what would be gained?
Behind the bombast of Cox, and the tergiversation of May, Cherry picks the bones out of the of the bluster.
Just saw you comment on TM’s actions reflecting desire to preserve Tory party. I’m surprised you didn’t end your comment with - ‘and is this right?’ Why aren’t you and others not asking tough questions about why country’s interest is not being prioritised over party? #brexit
Actually this Brexit situation fits so perfectly to you British folks where both sides think they're right and by defending their principles just forget about making the best decision in favour of your own people and all your future. Please pull the strings and stop the Brexit.
Irish business groups warn against 'devastating' consequences of no-deal Brexit Maybe they need to leave the EU as well
Latest: Theresa May will fight to save her Brexit deal — expected to be defeated by a large margin in a historic vote this evening — and will not quit even if she suffers a crushing defeat in the House of Commons tonight, Downing Street has said
Left Foot Forward - Molly Scott Cato: The EU will not allow Corbyn the type of Brexit he wants
Our youngest was born on Brexit, we were watching it all day in the hospital. Two and a half years later, she's potty-trained and nothing has been decided.
- Business News Beyond BBG - * FT: Theresa May vows to fight on for Brexit deal * Nikkei: China rises as key market for leading opioid producer * WSJ: Brexit Deal Hangs in Balance Ahead of Vote
Final stages of the Brexit deal debate in UK parliament and PGPIR Brussels trip continues
If the Tories hold onto power then thats 100% no deal #brexit. 100% no #PeoplesVote #JC4PM2019
Lib Dems vs Brexit Joan Walmsley: The people must have an informed choice
A plea to all MPs - please consider the good of the country before your careers. There is a chance to put this sorry #Brexit mess behind us with a People’s Vote - a bad deal or no deal will damage so many. #ExittoBrexit #PeoplesVote
Stocks tripped by earnings angst, sterling huddled for Brexit vote
The British squadies will be too busy on domestic relief to manage Irish border issues.
Brexit. We get more sense from the coalition of government cats and an invisible border than we do from
Brexit: Theresa May faces 'meaningful vote' on her deal
His misinterpretation of Labour's policy on Brexit did him no favours.
Banking sector warns of 1930s-style crisis after no-deal Brexit: 'Social and economic catastrophe' - The Independent
A polite request from Europe: wake us up when you know what you want from Brexit | Joris Luyendijk #stopbrexit
What happens if May’s Deal is defeated? Top 3 Times flowchart outcomes - 1) May resigns/leadership election 28%, 2) General Election 21%, 3) Second Referendum tied No-Deal Brexit 14%. 49% outcomes curtains for May. Time for some Career Counselling PM? #Westminster #BrexitVote
Well that well??? What do you think
Fair play , it's his opinion , that's how democracy works ..
British Prime Minister faces defeat in historic Brexit deal vote
#brexit The opposition have no vision at all! Their blinkered views are completely in line with a load of 19th century hecklers! Pathetic deaf eared rabble! Voting mp's in to parliament doesn't give them any brains. Sad but true!
has received assurances from the Government regarding the impact on touring #artists around post-Brexit immigration and customs restrictions. #musicindustry #eventinsurance #concertinsurance #brexit
But should MPs not take note of issues adversely affecting their constituents, even if caused by their own party's policy, &amp; as a result of listening to their constituents put forward suggestions to help change the policy? Could apply equally to eg benefits reform &amp; Brexit impact
"PM May Set for Brexit Vote Defeat, Germany Avoids Technical Recession - US Market Open" All eyes on the meaningful vote for GBP traders. Option markets are suggesting an implied move of roughly 1% in GBPUSD.
Well it is actually the United Kingdom not the European Union, that should be asked, since atm, the European Union hasn’t had a hand in anything Brexit.
Thanks in no small part to
I don't think too many understood the implications of voting for Brexit, and it's for this reason we should have a people's vote. The jury is out on whether we will get one.
U.K. Businesses Sound the Alarm While Planning for a No-Deal Brexit
Hammond: No deal Brexit would be a ‘betrayal’
May’s Brexit deal would impede trade, harm growth, hinder businesses, slash public revenue, and leave everyone worse off. via
At 2 with Tania - We hear from Attorney General Geoffrey Cox, who's opened the final day of debate on Theresa May's Brexit deal
"Left behind Britain" voted to #Brexit - they must now pay the price.
Corbyn has sat on the fence all through #Brexit been really impressed with on various parlimentary groups, GE would be a disaster until they get a more dynamic leader, however I am still with Labour have lost Scotland.
Baron's amendment (f) may as well just be for no deal Brexit. The whole point of the backstop is to guarantee that there is no border in Ireland. Putting a time limit on that undertaking makes no sense.
If it's that good why should the dictator keep the deal away from parliament and the people !! Parliament had to force her to declare it !!
So we pay £39billion and still pay as if we were a member state even though we won’t technically be a member state!! #BrexitVote #Brexit #LeaveMeansLeave
I'll bet you. Based on a no deal Brexit pharmaceuticals will be in short supply. I've spent 2 and a half years to put contingencies in place. For some pharmaceuticals and clinical trial investigational products, no contingency planning will prevent some pretty major problems.
An air lock stops your radiators working - no the best metaphor for an easy Brexit. #BrexitVote
A No-Deal Brexit? Leaders Are Alarmed; Voters, Not So Much - The New York Times
"British MP delays giving birth by two days to vote against Brexit deal" A British lawmaker revealed Monday she is postponing the delivery of her child so that she can vote against the prime minister’s Brexit deal.
Brexit Vote: Parliament to Decide on E.U. Withdrawal Plan
"Hard Brexit to hit Danish bacon, butter exports to Britain - OECD" -
German universities back full UK access to EU’s Horizon Europe R&amp;D programme: #Brexit #HorizonEU #research
The DOOMSDAY Brexit Preppers! British families stockpile food via Absolutely pathetic!!
You’re right! Who wants to live in a country without immigrants?? I DON’T!! I wouldn’t be here if it wasn’t for immigration! NO TO BREXIT!
Remain or Leave? A Photographic Journey Through Brexit
You use the words 'vicious' to describe remainers, yet can walk through without any fear of reprisal. UNLIKE Anna Soubry walking through your Brexit supporters and requiring police protection. Shame on you.
There's no doubt that if you need to polish a turd, Geoffrey Cox is your man #Brexit
A polite request from Europe: wake us up when you know what you want from Brexit | Joris Luyendijk
Third verse, same as the first Tessie is a punk Geoffrey is a runt They both went down to Berlin, joined in migrant hate And oh, I don't know why Oh, I don't know why Perhaps they'll die, oh yeah
OWNED.
As we wait to see how things pan out in Parliament today keep this point in mind...
There are days when I miss Romford
These figures are wrong. It says there was a Remain majority in North Somerset, for example, but that's not true. Alas.
After Brexit, add “gun” to all of the above.....
A polite request from Europe: wake us up when you know what you want from Brexit
The meaningful vote in the UK parliament on the withdrawal agreement for #Brexit will probably fail unless there is a time limit on the Irish border backstop were it ever to be invoked. Most MPs will probably support the termination clause amendment.
How Tuesday’s Big Brexit Vote Will Play Out — And What Happens If The PM Loses
This is now unforgivable. Geoffrey Cox is basically campaigning the cause of May and her deal, not providing impartial legal advice as his role and position. How is this allowed?! #Brexit
"A Brexit Deal for the Self-Employed" It feels like the voice of self-employed has been lost in the brexit discussion. The voice of 4.6 million self-employed doing business in the UK. Hope you`d find the insights below useful for yourselves; #BrexitVote
This idiotic Brexit is a symptom of austerity and wealth inequality. It will make things worse and by pandering to the Far Right empower them. Only a complete idiot would believe in the Lexit myth.
No. Don't give up!! Brexit won't happen.
UK Parliament Vote Today Is A Big Deal For Brexit and Theresa May. via $cl $es $nq $SVXY $HD $bac $AAPL $PYPL $GNRC $NTNX $mu $nvda $amd
But, as the two votes from MPs in the Commons showed last week, what other MPs are worried about is the prospect of a no-deal Brexit. Will Cox rule that out? Cox says the way to avoid a no-deal Brexit is to vote for this deal.
Brexit could bring a silver lining for the environment
Trust the Mackems!
Withering response to Rachel Reeves who asked him to rule out no-deal Brexit instead of spending all his time on the backstop
Damaged democracy and falling trust in politicians both led to the Brexit vote and to the current divisions across the country. A must read report from : The Great British regression - Brexit and inequality
Treasury 'Brexit Resilience Fund') So WHY can't a Remain Campaigning Party (HELLO ! !) Commit to spending that SAME £100 Billion on the NHS, instead, - instead of literally wasting it on something as stupidly destructive as 'brexit' ? ? ? We could buy ourselves a
James O'Brien Destroys Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote - LBC MUST WATCH!
Fair enough - as I said, no easy answers. All I know so far re a second election, bearing in mind the last one was only in 2017, is that Corbyn has to win a vote of no confidence in the govt. And like they've never had the votes to stop #Brexit, they don't have the numbers.
Moron.
Oooft! #Brexit does it again ! #brexit
Brexit explained: Why does the Border matter and what is the backstop?
Brexit going to be "BRA"xit by Teressa May!
How is it a handful of people when over half the country voted for Brexit ?, places that are 97% white voted for Brexit, places that are barely touched by immigration voted for Brexit. If that's not prejudice I dunno what is.
The "danger" is imaginary, in the minds of Remainers and Fearmongers! There is nothing to fear from a No Deal Brexit!
She cannot do either. It's enshrined in UK law with Royal Assent we leave 29th March. Nothing can stop Brexit.
The latest The alexharris Daily! Thanks to #microsoft #brexit
Democracy will be damaged if pushes through her deal when even #Brexit-eers are saying it's nowhere near what they were promised.
BREXIT: After Brexit vote: No 10 draws up secret contingency plans /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Because they are arrogant, self serving twats. Only interested in their perfect idea of Brexit and unwilling to compromise. Labour MPs should be ashamed as they’re voting it down to try and bring down Government. Shameful that so many MPs won’t back the deal to move us forward.
I don’t want people that voted “remain” voting on the Brexit terms.
I can’t ‘like’ this one. It feels wrong. But very sad that anyone who contributes to our country is made to not feel welcome. No doubt Brexit has unleashed some unsavoury characters. But they are the ones that aren’t welcome in OUR country. A
With #NoDealBrexit still not 100% ruled out in the #BrexitVote later, may I humbly propose the beginning of a new hashtag... #Brepping (noun = #Brexit disaster prepping). I want to see stockpiles, arsenals, and revolutionary warfare plans...
Making the case for a No Deal Brexit means being on the right side of the major political divide – the side of democracy and popular sovereignty.
Dissolve parliament call an election and give it the people to settle what politicians are unable to
Is this Brexit or Gillette?
"Theresa May nods as Geoffrey Cox says the Brexit deal will come back to the Commons 'in much the same form with much the same content' if it's rejected tonight. Meet Plan B - the same as Plan A..." In America, we call this "crunch time"...
MAY: THELOSTVOTE!! LIVE !! #BrexitVote #TheresaMay #Resistance #Brexit #NoConfidence #NoDealNoProblem #tories #labour #Parliament #BBC #SKYNEWS #UK #EU #LeaveMeansLeave #FOXnews
Brexit Vote: Parliament to Decide on E.U. Withdrawal Plan
The point you made was to wait 5--6 months to negotiate a Labour Brexit, wasn't it? That policy is entirely based on ignoring the fact the referendum result was procured through a highly organised, deeply funded criminal fraud. A policy to extend a crime into law is insupportable
Time to bang in some scalps. Brexit, war, planetary alignments, Trump speaking... IDGAF where my volatility comes from. Just get me to BE and TP fast so I can eat. PEACE
You have made the right choice- Geoffrey Cox with his fucking interminable and ponderous ramblings is making everybody extremely nauseous.
For a unique European perspective on Brexit, tune in to Euronews Tonight as Theresa May battles to get her Brexit deal through Parliament. Live from 6pm BST/ 7pm CET, join , our social media journalists in #theCube, and correspondents in London, Brussels &amp; Strasbourg.
Eurogroup chief sees room for more talks to avoid hard Brexit: -
Parliament concludes its debate on May’s Brexit deal before tonight’s vote
#brexitdebate Attorney General saying government wants a, "clear, strong, deep, relationship with the EU". There's the problem. 17.4 million voters don't want that. It's called #brexit #leave for a reason.
A polite request from Europe: wake us up when you know what you want from Brexit | Joris Luyendijk
Well #Brexit #brexitvote is at least adding a splash of colour to the normally somber . Lots of noise too from both sides!
May says she will respond quickly after key Brexit vote: -
Brexit is the best thing to happen to the UK in a very long time.
I think Geoffrey Cox thinks that he's the Churchill of Brexit. What a horrid creature.
A No-Deal Brexit? Leaders Are Alarmed; Voters, Not So Much
Government ‘sneaks out’ £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote
This is the truth. This is why we must resist Brexit. We are destroying everything that could fund real progressive change in this country. Brexit is literally burning up the future of social...
Feeling kind of anxious about the Meaningful Vote(tm) so I thought I’d finally do this! Brexit be damned!
Today is the decisive vote against Brexit in the UK Parliament
Hold a legitimate vote (and stay). Work to address EU overreach and punish the Brexit liars and the Russian assets.
It's a little mentioned fact, that the Conservative Governments switch to Universal Benefits was a central plank in its addressing of public concerns of EU migrants accessing full UK citizen benefits. UC was a way to restrict these benefits. UC was supposed to stop Brexit.
New poll carried out in Sunderland shows 70% say go ahead #Brexit with #NoDeal It was Sunderland who surprised everyone in referendum by being first to declare - LEAVE.
Correction: Theory: batshit Andy and are so cocky regarding the brexit / Russia cover up because you know the current government is also implicated and as such you are protected unless they are exposed?
But first you will need to stop Brexit on 29 March; that would give you the time for an election to confirm your position and remain part of the EU to the economic advantage of your member.
Absolutely brilliant.
Today UK's Parlament will finally decide on #Brexit via
With Brexit headlines dropping and the EU economy slowing, and I took a long term look at key EU charts $DAX $STOXX $FXE #Yields
Here's the video of JRM saying he has no idea how bad a No Deal Brexit will be, bur he wants it, anyway.
What's that droning sound you can hear around Westminster? It's the echo chambers in full flight...
New laws put on ice as Brexit takes over Dáil agenda
Plan B pill works best when you take it within 3 days before brexit deal is jected.... by your government.
1/5 No Brexit please. No second vote please. Get parliament to do their job, don't ask the people, 'the people' make terrible decisions. The job of government is to propose ideas, and the job of parliament (commons and lords) is to point out when that idea is awful...
David Squires on … football spying and Neil Warnock's Brexit views | Football #fireodds
With just hours until the vote on Theresa May's Brexit deal, protesters are out in force outside UK Parliament
BBCNEWS 5:55am BREXIT DEAL VOTE. Meaningful vote expected around 8pm this evening; I ' BREXIT DEAL vO1! , '. Murrison amendment an...
Theresa May nods as Geoffrey Cox says the Brexit deal will come back to the Commons "in much the same form with much the same content" if it's rejected tonight. We have it as the most likely outcome: #MeaningfulVote
This graph proves that the pound has been sliding for a long time. Blaming #Brexit is a myth. The pound has risen recently.
I suspect our MP will not back the deal. My perspective is that Business needs the certainty of the WA and no more prevarication. Oh and I’m 100% behind Rory’s excellent points below. Country first please John.
Beware exaggeration of Gov majority on Brexit vote to allow false claims of a ‘victory’ if May loses by less than 200. The idea of over 100 majority seems wishful thinking to me.
Brexit Vote: Parliament to Decide on E.U. Withdrawal Plan
Government sneaks out benefit cut announcement on day before Brexit vote via
Curiously enough, May has gone republican. The people are the Queen's subjects and Mrs May governs them on the Queen's behalf.
Not with May as the UK's negotiator. That would be entirely counter productive.
What's happening with Brexit? Are we leaving or not?
Money from taxes. Not from the mythical Brexit dividend.
Scotty T knows.
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
Never agreed on your side if the inevitable happens did we ?
A few hours before the #BrexitVote people opposing and supporting #Brexit have gathered outside #ukparliament
It will damage you and all the evil things this GOVERMENT has done
Of course the Brexit plan is primarily shitty because of the red lines that May drew from the start.... ...and deeper than that, because Brexit itself is pretty shitty.
One thing we have learnt from the Brexit farce is there is an element in this country which appears to want to rule the country by fear....only the feeble minded fall for it! Backbones needed...we deserve better!
At least someone's prepared for a hard Brexit....
This is fascinating: the role of slogans and trite little psychological tricks in the 'Brexit' campaign.
The population as a whole is starting to realise that the politicians are treating the public with disdain and contempt. If they are successful in thwarting Brexit, their political careers are finished!
Oh dear! - Found out again. Seem to recall a previous #Brexit meeting with which was inaccurately reported by British media during #GE2017 campaign.
James O'Brien Destroys Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote - LBC
With Brexit just weeks away, a Tory Ten Minute Rule Bill to allow the armed forces to be immune from human rights charges was introduced yesterday. This is scandalous and if this policy passes, and the army is deployed onto the streets there is no telling where this will lead.
If only our politicos had believed in Brexit from the start
We wish. Whatever happens tonight we will have Brexit dominating politics for a generation. We’ve unwittingly found our Wade v Roe.
Remain has 30% more votes in this poll than any other option. End of Brexit
Gove was a plant from the Remain side from the start. Detailed Boris bid before take off and he's showing his true colours now!!
#TheresaMay has nothing more to do for #Brexit after the #Brexitvote.
I don't envy . This will be like trying to polish five turds simultaneously, whilst keeping the separate plates that the turds are on all spinning.
Found this great primer on #Brexit. If you can't keep up with the twists and turns either, this is for you.
Eurobites: UKCloud Seeks to Make Hay From Post-Brexit Mayhem
John McKee Solicitors e magazine is out! Stories via #brexit #news
A looming ‘brexit’ for Jewish peoplehood
A looming ‘brexit’ for Jewish peoplehood: Will the Jewish Agency, the driving force behind Jewish unity, succumb to the same pressures pushing the EU to disband? TimesofIsrael
Parliament was democratically elected by the people after the referendum. It therefor represents the will of the people. What is everyone worried about? At least with this decision you can change your mind at least once every 5 years. #BrexitDeal #Democracy #Brexit
You're not. Imv sorting out the hideous mess that the government has made on everything outside brexit is so important. The callousness of the Tory's 9 years in power even beats that of the Thatcher era, which you-thankfully-are too young to remember
Better get ready for a no Brexit scenario because the Tories are dead set that it is not so bad to leave without a deal vs reconsidering the entire debacle built on a foundation of lies. UK is uninvestable right now.
Betty continuing to show how to be an absolute legend.
For your delectation - Edwardian ventriloquist's dummy fails to function without 's hand up its arse:
It's all fun. I suppose the chaos caused my a rejection of the vote today could likened to the shut down, in some ways. The Brexit thing and the Trump thing do mean there's not a lot of legislating or governing going on.
The The Gaia Reports Daily is out! Stories via #brexit #books
James O'Brien's Unmissable Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote - LBC
British MP delays giving birth by two days to vote against Brexit deal | Fox News
I can’t see what’s flipping difficult about going for a GE with a manifesto that is pro-remain. Why has Labour got to dither over GE or PV? Surely any election will be dominated by Brexit?
Cox: EU want to avoid backstop too Vote tory brexit deal down via
Here's my new EP release #BolloxtoBrexit a dance floor comment on the chaos that is Brexit there's a censored version, just hit me back if you want a wav download?
What’s brexit got to do with it
Hard Brexit... ? No need to wait, big changes Alteady in the move...by the time the Gov decides the damage will be done
New BREXITEER PM......who would that be? More like another Remainer who pretends he or she is a Leaver. Remember, it’s a Tory Party, that is tied to the Establishment. It be another possible Deal, where Brexit will be on EU terms.
Maybe, Celtic have manufactured Brexit to take the light of the child rape gang?
The Prime Minister will not allow herself to be outmanoeuvred by her political opponents, from within her party or from the opposition parties. Defeat has disastrous consequences for her and her party. The Brexit project was supposed to unite the Conservative party, but has it ?
Teresa May supports and promotes Islam in the UK. If she stops Brexit we have more than enough reasons to take to the street.
One way to deal with #Brexit. #KrispyKremes donuts!
Way more importanat than #Brexit
brexit, and let's make the NHS our 'Cure' for Brexit ! - and yes, it IS copying what Leave did, last time, - but theirs worked, didn't it, - and this time, - it isn't a LIE ...
#BrexitVote #LeaveMeansLeave #BREXIT 30th March which do you PREFER May's Withdrawal Agreement or Corbyn as Prime Minister? Better Pissed Off than On
I'm not so sure. I think there's a chance a move compelling the Gov't to revoke A50 in the event of 'no deal' will bring the ERG into line. They really, really want Brexit, unless they don't.
#BREAKING #BREXIT It MATTERS TO ME that so MANY British #MP's &amp; Ministers (Friends Of Israel) Consult #Netanyahu to get instructins from #Zionist_Terrorist_Apartheid HQ = TREASON .
Now, if May gets within striking distance of finishing line tonight, while losing, then this makes some sense...but it currently looks bloody unlikely. Which leaves her tactic of not reaching out looking like the tactic of a mole that's buried itself in an underground rock cleft
Oh aye? Hold firm.
New Year, new podcast... and I talk about passive vs active investing, new eras, permabears, play "guess the quote", and look at industry squabbles over who gets the most money (they all get too much) - and it's all Brexit-free
..and yet you are a leading member in a government which has publicly stated time and time again that no deal #brexit is by no means not the worst or unthinkable option... So quit the churchillian historonics sweetie.
In the case of Brexit, the consequences are incredibly difficult to quantify. You obviously believe the consequences will be dire, I do not. The consequences depend very much on how the process is conducted. Unfortuately, we've wasted 2 1/2 years, so it's going to be a bit 1/
Because they did. You can guarantee that if the young had voted for Brexit and the old for Remain, the media would be full of how the impetuous youth should listen to this wisdom of age etc etc etc
JUST WHAT MAY WANTED.
I just noticed that petitions for UK government debate include a map indicating where the votes were cast: fascinating. List: An example (for a no-deal Brexit):
Stocks #Edge up on Chinese Growth Plan, Ahead of Brexit Vote - U.S. News &amp; World Report #BusinessPlans #news
I said on day of Brexit referendum in 2016 that the longer the process drags the less probable Brexit will happened, especially because of such a low majority (51.9%), and it seems I will be proven right.
This is the moronic take, always rearing its head
This was a treasury report. Would these be the same independent economists that predicted the 2008 crash? Economics is not a science.
World's media gathers outside Parliament for Brexit vote
Must be an exciting time to live in The Bean all the same #brexit #mayday
Blackadder: it's the same plan we used last time sir. And the seventeen times before that. Melchett: Doing exactly what we've done eighteen times before will be the last thing they'll expect us to do this time.
I think you can swap the word “risks” for the word “is”.
How Theresa May’s incompetence led us to this point...
A typical Brexit lunatic
Irish Govt under fire from dairy farmers over lack of no deal Brexit preparations. Many in RoI acknowledging their agrifood sector is on the line in the high stakes game Dublin is playing on the backstop.
We are #limitup bid in #lumber for March 19. Pretty sure this isn't #brexit related. What's up?
#brexit i have listened to the attorney general for about a hour saying as far as i can gather saying nothing at all
This is *the* key Brexit point. Parliament thinking has responded to ideology, not British business, why should anyone expect the EU to be any different.
Is the European Union is a 'neoliberal conspiracy'?
News
Lmfao DUP have never had a policy on poverty. Cos it doesn't affect them personally and never will. They don't care shown by their desire for a no deal Brexit.
That’s it, Brexit is officially cancelled. Talk about a step too far! - Hard Brexit to hit Danish bacon, butter exports to Britain - OECD #BrexitVote #TuesdayThoughts
The best deal is the one we have. Brexiteers can’t come up with a plan for their unicorn Brexit so it needs to be binned now.
#BrexitVote #Brexit #PeoplesVote All very good natured with protesters of both sides showing their creativity. Shame the leavers then had to spoil it by chanting while she sang. Good on her for carrying on
What with the haitus at the very beginning, then what sounded like a JRM impersonator, I rreally thought this was one of 's "spoofs". This, folks, is the real McCoy. A masterclass in how to skewer a meandacious lair, then throw him on the grill.
Brexit amendment that might have limited PM's losses is rejected
#TheCube | It's D-Day for Theresa May's Brexit deal as MPs gear up to vote on it this evening. What are you hoping will happen?
You still haven't the first clue why your constituents voted for Brexit or what the benefits are do you? You want to remain in the EU but have no idea why.
Me and half the UK, waiting for to be an actual opposition and hold the government to account #BREXIT #PeoplesVote #BrexitVote #exitfrombrexit
The vote in 2016 wasn’t free or fair. Brexit is not going to deliver what was promised.
I think the Attorney General is trying to make the most of the limelight. He’s like a caracature. #Brexit #BrexitVote #AttorneyGeneral
Here's my new EP release #BolloxtoBrexit a dance floor comment on the chaos that is Brexit there's a censored version, just hit me back if you want a wav download?
We need to stay in Europe if only to watch how this pans out......
Absolutely Boris. You're our man to see a complete break and save us billions.
The only way you could have avoided noticing the hard border in times past would have been if you had had your back to it #brexit
CORRECTION. This was supposed to read as follows: “Re UK, EU ‘could sacrifice ...’” The whole research note is worthwhile:
No. It is a demonstration of what a sneering, hectoring, nasty man James O'Brien is. By letting him broadcast on its station, is taking part in a debasement of public debate.
If this is true I’m fucked
Brexit might overshadow earnings as the biggest risk to markets Tuesday #forex
Brexit
Shocking that he hasn't. Corbyn doesn't want to stop Brexit. He just wants the keys to that car.
Traitor looks smashed in Parl right now. Haggard and defeated - good. #brexit #DitchTheDeal
“Labour MP Tulip Siddiq delays birth to vote on Brexit.” Imagine putting a Parliamentary vote (one that’s not even a close run thing) ahead of the health of your unborn baby. These Remoaners are insane. My child would always come first every time.
The and the UK Department for Culture, Media and Sport (DCMS) have published #guidance to enable companies to be ready in the event of a ‘no-deal’ #Brexit. The guide that includes six steps for businesses to take: #GDPR
We’ll be able to see this on every street in the land after Brexit.
I think you are right, and we are a long way from a second referendum. However, knowing what we know now, the entire political narrative will change. The EU is not the source of our problems, it can be part of the solution. Brexit itself offers no solutions.
Just heard Jacob Rees-Mogg on . So you need to add "I think....". He "thinks" trade will go on if we jump off a cliff. He "thinks" a no deal Brexit will be just. Etc.
If she doesn't want a no-deal Brexit, she should vote for this deal, he said
It WAS the referendum! It was used by the Tory party to SAVE the Tory party. They assumed it would be a clear vote to stay and therefore put NO effort to explain the issues! Any trust in MPs has gone now. Brexit is a shambles!!!
Brexit deal amendments: what MPs will deal with before meaningful vote
Follow the big Brexit debate &amp; vote today on our live blog:
Please, please please let #Brexit be over soon; good, bad or indifferent, do people not realise that the lack of any decision is the single BIGGEST sticking point that unites almost everyone?
another car crash happening in London. Why don't these clowns see that there isn't 100% backing and therefore do what's best for the country (not for them) and either delay Brexit or have a second referendum.
Brexit; If they decide to go back to the country for a second vote and the majority says stay. That would be one vote to leave and one to stay, so you need a third vote to decide. That would take 5 years as the average age of leavers is over 60 the grim reaper will decide.
we want a no deal Brexit we had a democratic vote we voted for Brexit and that’s what we want no second referendum just out of EU now
Markets flat ahead of Brexit vote -
Boreham Wood, Brexit Club. #tinpot
Whether or not Britain will survive Brexit. And how this will affect the man on the street after March 29th.
Brexit was a big, big mistake for Britain!
1975 - In 2016 - Out 2019 - Shake it all about? #brexit
With just hours until the vote on Theresa May's Brexit deal, protesters are out in force outside UK Parliament
You waged the Brexit campaign on the basis that a deal would EASILY be struck because it was in the EU countries' best interest. So go and vote for it and stop messing with peoples' lives.
May resolute on pushing Brexit deal: Sun
James O'Brien Destroys Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote - LBC
Problem being of course that many of these MPs have a track record of voting against the wishes of the people; eg mayors and assemblies!!! Including Brexit supports who now look like hypocrites
She was voted in to implement BREXIT. Seems like the UK is not so perfect after all = they’re just like us
. unbelievably says the way to stop no deal Brexit is to vote for May's hideous deal that will weaken the UK for decades to come. This is nothing more than blackmail. Treacherous behaviour cannot be disguised by delivering your speech in the style of
I wish the ERG would stop pinching Corbyn’s policies.
If Brexit is going to be such a disaster, why don’t you move while you can? Why are you putting your family at risk if you’re certain the apocalypse is coming on 30th May? We ARE leaving.
Brexit: Theresa May faces 'meaningful vote' on her deal
People's Vote : 88% of members want. Immediate No Confidence Vote. Doing nothing now not an option. Support for Torykip Brexit will damage Labour for 20 years and hand the baton to #EndtheMess #BacktotheFuture #Frauderendum
Bercow. Refusing to be cowed.
The EU will not allow Corbyn the type of Brexit he wants
More people in London voted for Brexit, than voted for Khan to be mayor. If he doesn't respect the result of one vote...
Maybe casting these things in what they actually mean (no ability to end freedom of movement is tied to access to the single market) might give more clarity. But probably not.
on Twitter
LOL. As I said 2.5years ago, few days after #Brexit referendum big win: It. Will. Never. Happen.
2/2 Is it legally possible to have a ‘simultaneous exchange &amp; completion’ of the Withdrawal Agreement and Future Relationship? I’m not talking about politics, purely the legal point. My guess is that what applies to house buying also applies to Brexit. I’m asking pro bono!
You are losing our Brexit! Two Priorities: 1 Do whatever it takes to leave on WTO terms or better on 29/3; 2 Judging by past form you will fail to get us out on 29/3 so please ensure that any people’s vote is a simple leave/remain and we will #TellThemAgain #TTA
But we need a #Brexit PM and must go if she loses tonight as she has nothing beyond her failed deal to offer, it's time for Brexiteers to lead not Remain getting it wrong #BrexitVote
Theresa May’s Brexit deal is likely to suffer a historic defeat. Here’s what happens next.
German economic growth pace in 2018 was the slowest in five years. Consumption growth was only worse five years ago. Read more: #Conotoxia #German #Brexit #EU #Europe
'Brexit Box': Hundreds stock up over food supply fears - BBC News I knew remoaners were thick but here’s the proof
This is common sense not the political rhetoric. Listen
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
Interesting
BBC News - Brexit: Theresa May faces 'meaningful vote' on her deal
Dutch Onion: British politicians start wearing blindfold to prevent Brexit from getting at them. "People claiming no deal brexit will lead to economic damage are blinded by things they can see."
Geoffrey Cox needs to sit down and let our other MPs have their say #Brexit
Could no-deal Brexit lead to loo roll logjam?
BBCNEWS 5:55am BREXIT DEAL VOTE. MPs will vote tonight on proposed deal to leave EU; I BREXIT DEAL VOTE. Leigh amendment makes clear...
Well said #DitchTheDeal
She has utterly failed. It were her red lines on FOM that pushed this unpopular Withdrawal agreement. Had she, with her minority gov. reached out to the opposition for a soft Brexit that would also appease the 48% who voted remain, Brexit would be done and dusted.
British MP delays giving birth by two days to vote against Brexit deal, if you know what i mean
Theresa May is likely to see here exit agreement rejected in parliament today, and all eyes are on how bad the vote goes for her. It will likely dictate the following paths Brexit will take in the weeks ahead.
Today MPs vote on the Brexit deal. Here’s what previous and the current foreign secretary/ies think about Britain’s future in a post-Brexit world
Not #Brexit ing at all if we've got anything to do with it....
The general public (those of us unfortunate enough to live in the real world) have totally lost faith in politicans from all parties. Whatever your take on Brexit. I think we can all agree (though probably not) we simply don't trust any of you lot anymore.
brexit
#Brexit is an old curiosity shop of fake antiques: the Dunkirk spirit, the Blitz spirit, Agincourt, Henry VIII, Winston Churchill, Waterloo, the Spanish Armada etc.
Greg Clark doesn't care about the mortal death of the Tory party if they betray Brexit. Very well. Let Corbyn win, the Tories be eviscerated for their betrayal, &amp; Clark witness it all as something else rises
Which is fine, but remember that all the hardline remainers are also voting against it - so we have to be quite clear in understanding that voting down this deal points us at a "No Brexit" scenario. Not a "No Deal" scenario.
It would appear the Govt is engineering Leigh’s backstop end date amendment to be the instrument to unite the party behind the deal. Is this the rabbit out of the hat? #brexit
You will still be European post Brexit you idiot !....
Brexit vote is expected between 7pm &amp; 9pm today (2 hours pre US cash session close is the window indicated)
Brexit has been a disaster since day one. You goofballs need to start the hell over.
BREXIT WRECKING! Theresa May’s deal dealt fresh blow as Bercow blocks key amendments - - LIKE &amp; RETWEET
OMFG now the AG is acting like a politician - someone remind him, that hes there about the LAW of UK regarding Brexit.. not to discuss political situations between the 2 main parties #BrexitVote #BrexitDeal #BrexitShambles
Meet The New Brexit 'Doomsday Preppers': Housewives Stockpiling Food And Medicine #Investing
How many times have you heard remainers bark on about old folk shouldn’t get a say on Brexit and “they won’t be around anyway” All of a sudden, the old folks are the ones we should be listening to. #BrexitVote #brexitdebate
So you would vote for the deaths of 13 million people if it would get you Brexit, would you? Nice.
Well done - really positive action being taken to support staff in these uncertain times!
With May's deal, Juncker is right.
#brexit if you disagree with you employer and it can't be resolved, you would leave , these rogue mps don't agree with the public ! Good bye
No deal vs May's deal vs No Brexit - each either economically or politically worse then the others. Like playing rock/paper/scissors, only with Ebola, a dirty bomb and a massive meteor strike.
There was a poll just before Christmas that suggested, particularly amongst younger voters, they would desert Labour if they continue to support Brexit
He must know he made a dreadful mistake but he's certainly not going to admit it.
The most charitable answer would be pure incompetence. Otherwise you would have to assume Corbyn wants a No Deal Brexit so badly that he’s willing to give the Far Right a free pass. Which would be disgraceful if true.
When the tory govt speaks of taking back control, be it of money or laws, rights etc they mean THEY will take more control of YOU. We =the establishment.
Theresa May Faces Worst Government Defeat in 95 Years Over Brexit - Bloomberg.
Dissemble like nobody’s watching. Lie like nobody’s listening. Brexit means Brexit.
May faces biggest defeat in modern history on Brexit as Cabinet splits
One for the 'who the fuck do you think you are' file. #fuckoffgrieve
Watching Parliament debate the prime minister's #Brexit deal that satisfies nobody and is about to be deafeningly rejected by everybody and poor looks like she didn't even get to choose her last meal. Someone bring her a bucket of KFC for God's sake. #PeoplesVote
Attorney General Geoffrey Cox has spent the last hour turned away from the opposition benches and instead is ranting at his own side. This body language says it all. #Brexit is all about the splits in the Tory party and nothing to do with benefitting our country!
Theresa May's Brexit deal faces vote in Parliament
Can we please stop pretending that any form of Brexit is going to be good for the economy? Banks and such have already moved vast sums of money out of the country
It's exhausting that given who called the ref, who's running Brexit, that so many of the press are leaving the Tories unchallenged so they can blame Corbyn
All businesses needs more practical information that they can work off the back of to prepare for the changes that Brexit may bring tells
Remain or Leave? A Photographic Journey Through Brexit
The status quo.... In 97 there were two clear options ...in 2016 only one clearly defined option. The reason we are in this mess is that it's impossible to reconcile all the different views of what brexit is into one specific deal...JRM may have been right.
Excuse us if we can’t get excited about the ‘meaningful vote’. From the outside it looks like more paralysis and delusion That the British political and media establishment is engrossed by this week’s edition of that long-running psychodrama... #EU #EUpol
#BrexitShambles Brexit: Theresa May faces 'meaningful vote' on her deal
Despite reports, Dudley South Tory MP Mike Wood is not planning to resign as a PPS
Will it be a hard, clean #BREXIT or soft, weak #BREXIT? #soverignty vs #submission
Theresa May faces worst government defeat in 95 years in key Brexit vote - Bloomberg
Hats the opposite of brexit
'Tulip Siddiq having to postpone her Caesarean for the Brexit vote is a damning indictment of a system created by men, for men' – ( spokesperson for #equalrepresentation )
We said only sell USD Did Powell talk yet? He will send dollar down when he talks. But brexit may bring the dollar back up. So much fundamental here
I'm sorry, what is going on here?
Would love to see this graph alongside the amount No10 have spent on Twitter Ads...
Fortuna audentes juvat. Scalp scalp scalp. $gbp #gbpusd #brexit
Brexit amendment that might have limited PM's losses is rejected
When I voted to leave I fully understood 'Brexit means Brexit' meant a hard Norway +++ with a Canada style soft backstop on WTO rules to deal with the Northern Irish border issue. Didn't everyone? Brexit means Brexit was perfectly clear #bollockstobrexit
Hard Brexit first then reopen negotiations with the EU.
Government 'sneaks out' £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote - The Independent
Well this isn't a Brexit issue then, is it... it's a Governmental policy issue.
I need to get out more
The SNP have had more mps than the others combined in Scotland. Dugdale encouraged labour members to vote Tories to keep SNP out!! With more mps than the rest but no say in Brexit do you see how unequal the union is??
This is a very good point indeed.
#brexit EU have got a win win situation. Vote for Mays deal, they’ve won every single negotiation n got great deal for EU n AWFUL one for UK “shut it ugly kid ,You’ll do what we want”that’s how Mays negotiations have gone No deal won’t happen, so it’s NO BREXIT,which is for best!
Trading goal for the week is done, let's see brexit ... #News #brexit #forex #trading #money
Watch "The #BREXIT Export Losses - With Maths so simple, a child could understand." on YouTube -
Resolution's latest policy briefing is out, highlighting recent work and developments on no fault divorce, Brexit, legal aid and more #ABetterWay
I agree, but with the proviso of a total leave, no wishy washy back stop door.
You are losing our Brexit! Two Priorities: 1 Do whatever it takes to leave on WTO terms or better on 29/3; 2 Judging by past form you will fail to get us out on 29/3 so please ensure that any people’s vote is a simple leave remain and we will #TellThemAgain #TTA
In London now. Showing this Government #50swomen continue to fight. #NoDeals
A fair bit of chatter going on about how failure to enact Brexit would betray lots of voters and leave them feeling disenfranchised. To be ruthlessly pragmatic about it, statistically most of those voters are retired, or about to - Brexit will have limited effect on their futures
Cute little frog in Marrakesh. Her (or his) look recapitulate pretty well what I think I look like watching the Brexit disaster unfolding. Fingers crossed for a happy end.
Pre-Brexit rationing takes hold in the UK as Krispy Kreme doughnut deliveries are forced to use armed police to ensure safe passage. #BrexitVote
If you are from a non-#EU country, #Brexit will have little effect on your #UK holiday 90 day visa max No traffic delays, per #UK govt No flight delays, per Play it safe: visit the #EU with a flight that avoids #UK or visit #US, #Australia, #Africa, #SouthAmerica, #India
Enacting Brexit, without at least reaffirming it, will leave many young people dismayed and feeling as though their voice doesn't matter. Political parties might do well to show some vision here and reach towards the next generation of voters instead of caving in to Brexiteers.
If only we had our priorities right.
#BrexitVote Does May's deal deliver #Brexit?
And there, my friends, is Brexit summed up.
Brexit vote LIVE: Bercow selects amendments ahead of Meaningful Vote
Donal Maclean, Data Protection Officer, HEFESTIS Ltd, ‘Brexit and Data Protection and Privacy Predictions’ - IDPP Predictions 2019, #dataprotection
Put This Aussie in Charge of Leaving the EU the Majority of UK Citizens who voted have already chosen Brexit it's a matter of how at the moment our elected MP's appear to be incapable of working together to deliver what we voted for...IMHO #BrexitShambles
Here's my new EP release #BolloxtoBrexit a dance floor comment on the chaos that is Brexit there's a censored version, just hit me back if you want a wav download?
Brexit: Imagine the humiliation if Theresa May has to apply to extend Article 50 via
Having listened to on show I have to say that I’d bet my breasts on Australian beef over the factual content of The Good Friday Agreement any day of the week. Hormonally speaking I’m sure we can trust Borris, Moggy &amp; Govey with #brexit &amp; flying pork!
A look at timings for Britain&amp;#x27;s crucial Brexit vote
Brexit amendment that might have limited PM's losses is rejected
Way more important than #Brexit
BBC Scotland pretty full on now. Forget Brexit.
A polite request from Europe: wake us up when you know what you want from Brexit | Joris Luyendijk via
This deal is the key - destroy it and the path to Brexit becomes shrouded in obscurity says
I can tell you the government's could learn a thing or two working together no hard border between growers lets all work together and let brexit take care of itself
What doesnt Grieve not understand. We had Project fear 24/7 Yet we still voted to LEAVE To LEAVE the Single Mkt, Customs Union and ECJ That means only CETA or WTO brexit work
Man who has never been held accountable for anything, doesn't feel it likely he will be held accountable for anything.
British MP delays giving birth by two days to vote against Brexit deal
Clearly some people have more time on their hands than others. #Brexit
It's a pity they didn't realise that 8 years ago before they beat up the working classes of this country
I'm working class and I voted to remain and I'm not alone. The working class will suffer most from the effects of #Brexit. The well off will benefit most.
Not sure this is correct. It’s complex. We have to leave many EU security offers, not to mention data sharing &amp; Euratom. Perhaps you read the WA differently?
Don’t let anything get in the way of the Brexit you want Arlene
Markets flat ahead of #Brexit vote - #UK #EU #Oil #WTI #Brent
When their backs are against the wall....as we all know...We just need a leader with a real backbone and genuine desire for Brexit now! Get rid of the fakes!
Please share!
So you would vote for the deaths of 13 million people if it would get you Brexit, would you? Nice.
If no deal Brexit is a good idea, why would the Government bother with any negotiations at all?
#BrexitVote blog
It absolutely 100% does NOT deliver on the referendum. That is a big fat lie.
Lets see what happens!
The importance of an integrated automotive industry: Leaving without a deal would be catastrophic – plants will close, jobs will be lost. We need an ambitious deal for the future that guarantees frictionless trade with our most important market.
The Perth folk fell for the unionist lies like many in the indyref1 thats all. They were smart enough to correct their mistake in the brexit ref. Good on Pete.
Colin's Brexit rant really was a gift for you this week. But finished with genius and aplomb. So funny #eyebrows
(Major) Market themes of the Day: Brexit deal is set to be rejected by the UK parliament
via The DWP used Brexit to sneak out another benefit cut
It doesn't!
MP's are traitors
I think Brexit is a good move for the U.K. Preserving your sovereignty is always important. But a critic hit my funnybone when he said that, in retrospect, the Brits had voted to build a submarine out of cheese, and the PM is hell-bent on making it happen.
#International - #Brexit: Theresa #May faces 'meaningful vote' on her deal
A look at timings for Britain&amp;#x27;s crucial Brexit vote [Yahoo]
Watching HoC Brexit Debate... Interesting appeasement attempts by the AG to his Tory party colleagues. Total contempt of the House in being unwilling to recognise previously voted through motions confirming “No Deal” is not an option for the house.
Ok this W.A can come back time and again and they call it democracy, but if we want a second vote on Brexit it's against democracy something's wrong here
The scene outside Britain’s parliament, where lawmakers vote later on Prime Minister Theresa May’s Brexit plans. Predictions of a bruising defeat for the PM #fnr
Please do not let Putin win over Brexit. That's why we have trump in America. Do you want that for your country? I bet not.
Oh, you understand. I’ve been trying to catch up. I can’t find the information anywhere. I’d love for you to tell me what he thinks about Brexit and what he’s going to do that May can’t. Please, I beg you, give me a short synopsis, you seem so clued up.
More importantly how do these fuckwits get elected
PM May Set for Brexit Vote Defeat, Germany Avoids Technical Recession - US Market Open | #GBP #pound #uk #england #poundsterling #forex #fx #trading #trade #livetradenews #trader
Germany says EU ready to talk if UK rejects Brexit deal | Article [AMP] | Reuters
Britain’s May says she will respond quickly after key Brexit vote - CreaWorldNews -
This, from our new and Brexit Endgame report, is looking like the best case scenario for Theresa May. The kicker, even if she survives tonight, is there almost certainly won't be enough time for this process before 29 March 2019:
British parliament expected to vote down Theresa May’s Brexit deal - National ~
#brexit let's see if betting markets get it right (again)
1975 - In 2016 - Out 2019 - Shake it all about? #brexit
Great word there from Geoffrey Cox, talking about former politicians calling for another referendum: "panjandrum" meaning "a person who has or claims to have a great deal of authority or influence." #brexit
Catch me watching this live all day. Today's decision will have a huge effect on the future of Britain and the EU. #BrexitVote
Hope Theresa May is in tears later. #brexit
DominicGrieve's own #MPsBaitandSwitch. Promising #Brexit Bait to get elected,&amp; Switching to unreconstructed neanderthal Remainia, now he's conned constituents their votes. #ABetterDeal #WTOBrexit #ParliamentGoneRogue #YellowJackets4Brexit #skynews #r4today #c4news #talkradio #lbc
WATCH LIVE Final Brexit debate ahead of crucial vote — RT UK News
Seems like an appropriate post for today. #brexit
#HousePrices in #London have been the financial success story of the past decade. However, with recent figures and #Brexit, has the sun finally set on London's booming #propertymarket and made way for more #northern cities to take over: #propertyinvestment
'We’re being asked to endorse a blind Brexit'
When I voted to leave I fully understood 'Brexit means Brexit' meant a hard Norway +++ with a Canada style soft backstop on WTO rules to deal with the Northern Irish border issue. Didn't everyone? Brexit means Brexit was perfectly clear #bollockstobrexit
People's Vote : 88% of members want. Immediate No Confidence Vote. Doing nothing now not an option. Support for Torykip Brexit will damage Labour for 20 years and hand the baton to #EndtheMess #BacktotheFuture #Frauderendum
U.K. Parliament Is Set for Big Vote on Brexit Today via
I agree!
Exactly
What's that got to do with brexit being the huge - HUGE - strategic mistake that it is?
BBCNEWS 5:56am BREXIT DEAL VOTE. Murrison amendment on ending backstop not selected' I BREXIT DEAL VOTE. Meaningful vote expected...
Attacking Remainers for game playing by a Labour politician is just as bad and sums up the extremism by some Brexit commentators
Have this thread to hand if you are doing the Brexit Quiz:
How Theresa May’s Brexit deal was killed off by her own incompetence - a more skilled prime minister wouldn't have created this mess Me for
Fair enough - as I said, no easy answers. All I know so far re a second election, bearing in mind the last one was only in 2017, is that Corbyn has to win a vote of no confidence in the govt. And like they've never had the votes to stop #Brexit, the same applies to the n/c vote.
I think I'm at a point of despair now with the whole, so called ruling class in this country. It is time for a change. The average person has been forgotten about while they have been tied up with this Brexit farce. We need stability and it's no longer there.
This Brexit ting is making me tiyyaddd.
Hang on, read this (courtesy of )
Obscure pro-Brexit group spends tens of thousands on Facebook ads
We should fence off the mainland UK after brexit and turn it into a Jurassic Park style reserve for our kids to visit.
It also means chaos.
With the increase in probate fees, as well as the potential impact of #Brexit on the industry, 2019 could be an interesting year for the wills and probate sector:
Why should defeat today change anything? PM, having survived leadership challenge, seems happy to continue to run down the clock, regardless of the risks
Still time to book onto our FREE Employment and Immigration Law Seminar in Milton Keynes on 24 Jan - we'll be looking at pre-employment checks and procedures and the impact of Brexit on immigration requirements...
Bercow and Cox, must surely be the living embodiment of characters from a long lost Dickens novel. #Brexit
James O'Brien's Unmissable Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote - LBC #lbc #fbpe #libdems #conservatives #labour #plaidcymru #snp #ukip #abtv #waton #stupidbrexiteers #itvnews #bbcnews #c4news #5news #skynews #PeoplesVote #BrexitVote #StopBrexit
Theresa May's Brexit deal set for devastating historic defeat in Commons vote
Nuclear Industry Assocn: ‘NIA and its members made the case to Government that it is not necessary to leave Euratom as part of the Brexit process, but, having decided to leave Euratom ...
It's true....there's value in this tweet $LBS #Lumber $ITB $es
Christopher Schmidt, ‘Brexit and Data Protection and Privacy Predictions’ - IDPP Predictions 2019, #dataprotection #Brexit
Party that recklessly triggered article 50 early, plunging everyone in to uncertainty, yet again threatens everyone else with charge of creating uncertainty, in attempt to win vote to take us into completely uncertain second set of negotiations. #brexit
"Never had a hard border"...in that case who were the uniformed guys with machine guns that used to stop us and ask my Dad for i.d. every time we went to Dundalk?
Thousands of Brexit protesters to gather outside Parliament today
Somebody just tried to convince me that Jacob Rees-Mogg would make a great leader based on his little speech about how no-deal Brexit is an exciting opportunity.
So the case is very succinctly set out by the Chancellor that remaining in the EU on current terms offers the best economic outcome.
Does Gove not realise he caries no weight with the leave public any more?
...(iv) cake gets smaller we tighten our belts! Tories want it to forcing up productivity - complained about for so lg. But it misses the point 21c Society is different it thrives on enduring welfare Brexit drives it away source
Yes but English based companies will want to leave Scotland due to uncertainty and taxation similar to what is currently happening with Brexit!
Conservatives serve their base and ideology first. Good for the country? Whatever. So Andrew Scheer supports Brexit...the success of which was driven by lies, anger, resentment and ignorance. Nuff said.
Bannon is key in all this mess. Look what he's doing in England with brexit.
No. Cox has told Leigh his amendment won't be accepted:
So, which bit of control are you most looking forward to taking back with #Brexit?
I wouldn’t trust Andrea Leadsom to open a bathroom cabinet let alone THE cabinet
No to Brexit! Brexiteers know not what they’ve done...
Conversation between and a Brexiteer on yesterday's : James O'Brien: When you make an economic prediction, what is it based on Brexiteer: Just purely based on my own beliefs. Oh dear. This is Brexit in a nutshell.
I do a fair number of #Brexit polls &amp; sometimes they fall flat &amp; other times thousands of retweets. Depends on a bit of luck if it gets retweeted by the right accounts. One retweet from the right person can send something viral.
May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?
German slowdown hits euro, sterling slips before Brexit vote
Correct, May has a duty as do all MPs to honor democratic wish of the people.
He is doing more damage to Brexit than Goddard is. Wish they would both shut up and let us get on with it.
Westminster chaos looming as MPs set to reject disastrous Tory Brexit deal – latest updates via
Pray enlighten me what is the point? Half the trouble with things like #brexit or climate change denial is the misplaced respect/time given to obviously illogical ridiculous arguments. The blue passport is a classic in the genre.
Hahahahahaha. Which volunteer is manning the keyboard today? Listen, your party blew Brexit by not having a plan early on. You then activated Article 50 by being bullied by your own right wing without said plan, and then sat on your hands for 2 years. You weakened your own hand.
Ignoring the fact that Dominic Raab stood on a platform of respecting the EU referendum result on a Conservative Party manifesto that pledged to respect the EU referendum result. People of his constituency elected him regardless on his pledges and the Tory manifesto. #Democracy
#GeoffreyCox is highlighting once again why this country is in the #Brexit mess! Is the Government Attorney not meant to be impartial? Huge scare mongering and totally unacceptable!
Do the government even have any credibility left at this point? #BrexitDeal #brexit
Surely the people who voted for Brexit were sold a pup...??? did they really know the implications of what they were voting for... did the establishment leavers tell the truth?
Huge day for the UK today. The deal must be voted down. #Brexit #BrexitVote #BrexitDeal
Another video on tonight's historic #BrexitVote on . "I think dependent upon the size of the defeat &amp; the PM's response Parliament won't fall shy of saying actually we're going to step in &amp; take control of this process." #Brexit #BrexitDeal #RawPolitics
A British trump
British PM faces defeat in historic Brexit deal vote
I voted remain but I would really like to know what our MP's plan is. Lots of other MPs are really clear about their position on Brexit
Here's my new EP release #BolloxtoBrexit a dance floor comment on the chaos that is Brexit there's a censored version, just hit me back if you want a wav download?
Maybe Barry could help the shadow Brexit team out with their grammar. If as a result of tonight's vote there is a general election, could we lock you in a room with no Twitter until the vote?
Government 'sneaks out' £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote - The Independent Govt/Tories being underhand yet again.
The EU and Hotel Brexit California.
Car makers call on MPs to avoid no-deal
Do you mean for your company? Or just racists? Perhaps you could explain in simple terms, any measurable benefit Brexit will have for normal families? Or anyone who hasn't surrendered thier integrity for idealogy. Frankly, the dumbest idea in human history.
Absolutely right from : Destroy this deal and the path to #Brexit is in great danger.
Bet the crew don’t think it’s on ‘stand-by’ they’ll be thinking “we’re definately off to Brussels tonight boys! - don’t forget to pack the collar, leash and begging bowl” #Brexit
James O'Brien's Unmissable Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote - LBC
Or some leftover McDonald's
PM will try force a SECOND vote on her Brexit deal despite facing defeat
It must feel like you are in an alternate universe when looking at #Brexit (Sorry... couldn’t resist) #PeoplesVoteNow
Bollox. All those opposed to this incompetent Tory minority government yearn for a #GeneralElectionNow! #Brexit #BrexitVote #ToriesOut
Oh yes!!!
Virtue signalling taken to an absurdly dangerous level And if anything happens to the poor baby, she will blame everyone but herself
Generations of us who have served the country on the continent have EU international families who live all over the EU, Brits who've got relatives from Norway to Portugal. What were the geniuses of Brexit thinking? e,g, a British major with a Swedish wife&amp;kids. (No. Not me)
Anybody still unsure where they stand on Brexit,the easiest way to form an opinion is whatever the DUP stance is yours should be the opposite.#dinosaurs
It's really winding me up the way pro brexit MPs explain at length about the result of referendum which took place, like it's the first we've heard of it! #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote
Live updates of Theresa May's Brexit deal debate and vote:
My god! Someone tell the attorney general to shut up and sit down! Insufferable gas bag! | #brexitvote #brexitdeal #brexit
kind of want brexit to happen so that companies can no longer exploit cheap immigrant employees (which they take on agency contract to avoid actually employing them) and go bankrupt
Shoutout to the 1/5 of Remain voters who think a second referendum would be undemocratic.
The Frauderendum was won by criminal activity. 11 prosecutions are being pursued. Brexit democracy is to let criminals dictate the outcome.
This can’t be retweeted often enough ....
They cheated us the whole time
#StopBrexit The only way to stop Brexit is for someone to call the 2016 Referendum null and void
Anarchy in the UK: Don't know what I want But I know how to get it. Brexit – oder die Geister, die der Britpop rief via
Michael Gove has his head so far up his own arse,he hasn't got a clue what he wants. One minute he supported Boris then he didn't. Then he wanted brexit now he doesn't . He should form a party with Bliar called the anti British non Democratic Party. Sad sad sky.
The Prime Minister is being reckless in her attempts to hold the country to ransom with her threat of allowing a 'No Deal' Brexit to go ahead when her flawed EU Withdrawal Agreement is likely rejected by Parliament tonight. Labour MPs will hold our nerve and vote down this deal.
Labour deserve a slap for not opposing Brexit.
David Cameron i see what you did here mate!
Remember, the PM's brexit deal removes your rights. Corbyn also seeks to remove your rights (despite most of his party being against it). A people's vote with option to remain is the only way to rectify this mess which was sold on lies. It can still happen. #PeoplesVote
Chris Dillow excellent again, this time on the left letting the right set the agenda for debate - Brexit being just the latest example.
The Chancellor, , confirms the closer our relationship with the rest of the EU, the better our economic prospects; ergo, by this logic, actually staying in the EU is best for the country. THE END.
Harrumph, harrumph, err...yes.
Like Brexit, Bradley Walsh is everywhere and gets OAPs in middle earth terribly excited
Have there been investigations (media, law) into connections between the Brexit campaign and Russia and the U.S. election?
Almost 1000 days ago Theresa May told the U.K. "Brexit means Brexit". Here's how her rhetoric has changed #BrexitVote
**Thought bubble** 'Please make it end...' #Brexit #Parliament #BrexitVote
- UK News Beyond BBG - * BBC: May faces 'meaningful vote' on Brexit deal * Guardian: Irish backstop Amendment that might have limited PM's losses is rejected * The Times: May braced for historic defeat on Brexit D-Day
Government ‘sneaks out’ £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote
All businesses need more practical information that they can work off the back of to prepare for the changes that Brexit may bring tells
Thank you. Turns out there was a pending invitation from a friend to 'like' the page. (Unfortunately my notifications are out of control, so I'm constantly missing stuff. One day, when we've stopped #Brexit, I will have a normal life again.)
Here's my new EP release #BolloxtoBrexit a dance floor comment on the chaos that is Brexit there's a censored version, just hit me back if you want a wav download?
All the parties need to sort themselves out I think. The labour MPs need to support their constituents tonight. Most voted out for Brexit!!!!
Blackburn telling it like it is
DUP should do a deal with corbyn: offer support for vote of no confidence in late febuary; no-deal brexit in return for a general election.
"Hard Brexit to Hit Danish Bacon, Butter Exports to Britain-OECD"
British Prime Minister faces defeat in historic #Brexit deal vote
Boreham Wood FC have now stepped in about Brexit. That'll sway the decision I'm sure.
Forget May’s Brexit deal... Now feast on battle of Bercow
May faces defeat in parliament over Brexit plan,
Get the Tipp-Ex out...
They are gonna do a brexit. That's English slang for a nice breakfast.
They ARE NAZIS. They r just so pc educated-they dont actually know what nazis or fascists r. Heaven help us in a few years time. Brexit is vital..then we must reclaim democracy &amp; stop this pc fascist march to hell.
Vote Leave, the official pro-Brexit campaign from the 2016 poll, is bidding to sue the Electoral Commission
"A No-Deal Brexit? Leaders Are Alarmed; Voters, Not So Much" by ELLEN BARRY via NYT
In the house of commons the Attorney General has given the the most clear argument for voting for the Brexit deal tonight i have heard todate. Clear,precise, and rebuffed any counter argument by anyone so vote it through and stop this mess going any further. I voted remain,
. will you be upholidng the will of your constituents and voting down the fudged Tory Brexit deal tonight? It is not what we voted for. #respectyourvoters #JC4PM
Notes on compromise: joining the EEA is not the same as staying in the EU
Arlene Foster just said there was never a hard border in Ireland. Arlene cere to explain what this is? You’re delusional. #brexit
The fact that Labour are touting the idea of being in "a customs union" with the EU while still being able to have a say in future EU trade deals as a third country and no longer being a member of the EU shows how dangerously deluded Jeremy Corbyn is. JUST STOP BREXIT FFS
"Brexit Vote: Parliament to Decide on E.U. Withdrawal Plan" by THE NEW YORK TIMES via NYT
Supporting your hung parliament, bung to the DUP, government isn't democracy. There again you aren't actually a democrat so I guess that explains it.
Brexit is like a really shit TV show where stupid stuff happens every week and you don’t want to watch it anymore but just go on Wikipedia to find out what happens in the end.
After Brexit vote: No 10 draws up secret contingency plans
The Dow Jones Industrial Average enters Tuesday seeking to snap a streak of two consecutive losing sessions, but the specters of the Brexit vote and earnings season threaten to derail... #decrypted #cryptocurrency #bitcoinPriceNews #ethereumNews #stockNews
Another one cracking under the pressure of no deal
Brexit amendment that might have limited PM's losses is rejected
Privileged politicians wanting a ‘No Deal’ Brexit sounds incongruent to me. Maybe the DO exist. Good!
Can't be a #PeoplesVote
No country should dictate policy to another country. BREXIT in March is automatic freedom. While California voters paying more tax, people all over Europe protesting against government control and climate funded high taxes.
NOT NOW SNOW. THE UK IS BUSY. #Brexit
Good for the USA. You'll never get a law like that passed in the UK though. Certainly not after Brexit.
Awful, awful. Makes me feel ashamed to be British.
Make that a large one!!
Put This Aussie in Charge of Leaving the EU the Majority of UK Citizens who voted have already chosen Brexit, it's a matter of how and at the moment our elected MP's appear to be incapable of working together to deliver what we voted for...IMHO
Amy’s deal absolutely 100% does NOT deliver on the referendum. I face it does the opposite.
bumpier than it might otherwise have been. But what's done is done. The goal now is still to achieve the best Brexit. Which will probably now entail leaving on WTO, unless the EU pulls out its 'Canada++' deal that it's saving for such an emergency.
Re #Brexit vote. May is on a hiding to nothing. Any "assurances" from the EU are worthless. 10 years on and we are still waiting for the CAP reform in exchange for a hike in EU contributions from that traitor Blair
When I voted to leave I fully understood 'Brexit means Brexit' meant a hard Norway +++ with a Canada style soft backstop on WTO rules to deal with the Northern Irish border issue. Didn't everyone? Brexit means Brexit was perfectly clear #bollockstobrexit
You are losing our Brexit! Two Priorities: 1 Do whatever it takes to leave on WTO terms or better on 29/3; 2 Judging by past form you will fail to get us out on 29/3 so please ensure that any people’s vote is a simple leave remain and we will #TellThemAgain #TTA
Brexit: Facts vs Fear, with Stephen Fry. #BrexitShambles #RevokeArticle50 #PeoplesVote #FinalSayForAll #FBPE
We now go live to #brexit
the fake media is so laughable, blackmail at every turn, just waiting for a second referendum to be announced..
Every Shakespearean tragedy needs a clown. The Brexit debate clown is called Geoffrey Cox. Cox by name ... what a windbag!
The only people that are against Brexit are the Elites, lining their pockets by the extinction of middle class folks.
Can my grandma hurry up pls? I gotta watch the season finale of #Brexit
Oh Lord.....
this is what dems will do to Referendum ...
Can't be a #PeoplesVote
I have the words 'Brexit' and 'Trump' muted
Both Germany's Foreign Minister and the Eurogroup chairman have now sent out strong signals that a #Brexit deal renegotiation of some sort is possible. Obviously now they'd play down the extent, but here are some suggestions:
A bad plan is better than no plan for such a reset like Brexit. But given the decay of the political class in UK they are likely to reject it. Mama Merkel did this ...
When the #brexit deal is voted down, how many seconds before Corbyn calls for a general election? I'm thinking 20...
"Take back control"* From the legislature #PeoplesVote #stopbrexit
Britain’s May faces defeat in parliament over Brexit plan
Here's my new EP release #BolloxtoBrexit a dance floor comment on the chaos that is Brexit
‘How Theresa May’s Brexit deal was killed off by her own incompetence’
No matter how stupid is your idea, They will find a way to build a business on it #brexit #stocking #buy #food #british The DOOMSDAY Brexit Preppers! British families stockpile food via
5 things to know for January 15: Russia probe, Brexit, Jayme Closs, shutdown, opioids
This is a good summary of how we ended up where we are. May should have sought compromise from day one, especially given the narrowness of the result, but instead sought only to appease hardliners for whom nothing would ever have been enough. #BrexitVote
Can't be a #PeoplesVote
Big man on campus.
Couldn't even say it with a straight face.
Is it the legitimate role of the Attorney General to spend an hour of Parliament's time reiterating the entirely false choice between the PM 's deal and no deal Brexit? #constitutionaloutrage
By resigning immediately of course
Attorney General Geoffrey Cox tells Parliament we should be excited that we will have a say over 40% of our laws. Eh No! The UK voted to leave, this means we want a say over 100% of our laws! #brexit
Interesting question: Did the Brexit campaign expose or create divisions in the UK?
To Jacob, brexit is the easiest deal we never had to make.
The 114 Tory MPs who will vote against the Brexit deal: Which way will your MP vote?' | via
This is like the Irish question! If Corbyn gave you the answer you want, you'd have to think of a new question. Even if he did want Brexit personally, he isn't a dictator.
Saying to the electorate "If we're not careful, Brexit won't happen" is a bit like saying to Titanic passengers "If we're not careful, we won't be hitting an iceberg tonight."
On the day of the 2016 #EURef referendum we had the bizarre situation where a French speaking Canadian living in London (3,000+ miles from home) was allowed to vote yet an English speaking Frenchman living in London - a couple of hundred miles from home could not vote. #Brexit
It is the archaic way of voting you should be criticising. Not someone's right to vote no matter their condition. She wanted to vote by proxy but rules don't allow it. Stop trying to make it a 'remoaner' thing (as always)
You wouldn't want to be trapped in a life with Geoffrey Cox..lol #earplugs #Brexit Lets not forget he said this backstop nonsense. LOCKS the UK into permanent customs union with the EU, that splits NI from the UK.
I’m just being ultra-contrarian because... well... brexit and Trump.
This is legitimately fucking awful
Essential Reading! A “manufactured” Brexit migrant crisis masks new risks ahead: ( )
A first look a The Big Band album THE STATE BETWEEN US from inc collaborators, track names, artwork and live dates...
As per my email to you, Brexit is not good for jobs. I am having to move jobs from the UK to the EU. The UK will suffer. Please stand up for your constituents.
Time until BREXIT is 73 days, 08 hours, 59 minutes and 59 seconds #BREXIT #BREXITCLOCK #CLOCK #EU #EUREF #LEAVE #ScotRef #Indyref #Indyref2 #FBPE From our friends - Looking for a new Heat Press? - Stahls Clam Basic #HeatPress #HTV
Dianne Feinstein Introduces the Most Expansive Anti-Gun Bill Ever? Also, disband the ATF, NSA, EU, and UN! Repeal the National Firearms Act and all other gun control! #MAGA #Brexit #GamerGate #SpyGate #Corruption
A new one I heard recently... "We need Brexit to stop those Syrians that become German citizens from coming here" Ok m8
The latest The Management Training Daily! #brexit #nonexecs
How can 21% of people be undecided on Brexit - still!
Saxo's latest FX Options Update covers today's Brexit vote as well as an interesting formation developing in EURPLN. &gt;&gt; #SaxoStrats #FX
#Brexit Today feels a bit like the calm before the storm.
There are 1749 hours until we leave the World's largest trading bloc. It might sound crazy, but own Government has recommended that #UK Companies establish a presence there. Germany, anyone? #GmbH #Brexit #SingleMarket
There are 1749 hours until #Brexit - For a realtime countdown clock, visit
Could parliament take control of the Brexit process —and what would happen if they did?
It's a HUGE day for Parliament - MPs will finally vote on Theresa May's Brexit deal #Brighton's Green MP Caroline Lucas said the deal "would be incredibly bad for this country" #HeartNews
Saxo's latest FX Options Update covers today's Brexit vote as well as an interesting formation developing in EURPLN. &gt;&gt; #SaxoStrats #FX
The Brexit mess is only going to get worse. Insights via
Saxo's latest FX Options Update covers today's Brexit vote as well as an interesting formation developing in EURPLN. &gt;&gt; #SaxoStrats #FX
Global stocks mostly rose overnight on Chinese growth plan, ahead of Brexit vote. Your morning market preview.
Saxo's latest FX Options Update covers today's Brexit vote as well as an interesting formation developing in EURPLN. &gt;&gt; #SaxoStrats #FX
The latest Beckett List has arrived. Featuring the lowdown on the Brexit debate held at the Rose Bowl by and must-read house and flat hunting tips. Read:
#NSTworld: With just over two months to go until the scheduled Brexit date of March 29, Britain is still bitterly divided over what should happen next and the only suspense over the vote is the scale of May’s defeat.
With the 'meaningful vote' on #Brexit taking place later today, how will the UK's withdrawal from the European Union affect the investment management community this year?
Parliament will today vote on whether to accept or reject the Prime Minister's #Brexit deal. But what is actually in the deal? Here's a reminder of what the deal says – and what it actually means for the UK's exit from the EU
"It's time for the PM to tell the truth"
Events have confirmed what was suspected when May was at the Home Office. She's a rabid xenophobe who's using #Brexit to end FoM, everything else is acceptable collateral damage.
GBP: Brexit and the bumpy ride to its eventual recovery | Article | ING Think - The undervalued pound still has a bumpy ride before its eventual recovery. We look at various Brexit scenarios and sterling's possible reaction. Reason... #Brexit
Brexit is 1761 hours away. #brexit
An exciting brexit? a luxurious brexit? NO! We need a scrawny brexit!
Ever wondered what the biblical Tower of Babel must have been like? Tune in to the parliament channel and listen to the Brexit "debate"(?) Time to bring on he Flood now! (see news channel report of icebergs melting)
Saxo's latest FX Options Update covers today's Brexit vote as well as an interesting formation developing in EURPLN.
Labour MEPs ask Jeremy Corbyn to back second EU referendum
Their whole plan was to STOP brexit and cause a divide between us the ppl and parliement?? FACT!!
Garbage
Real Time Economics: Big Brexit Vote, Chinese Car Wreck
Live Briefing: Brexit Vote: Parliament to Decide on E.U. Withdrawal Plan
Pregnant MP delays BIRTH so she can vote on Brexit deal 'it's worth fighting for' LABOUR MP Tulip Siddiq is delaying the birth of her baby in order to attend Parliament for...
How will tonight's vote shape Brexit? Here's everything you need to know about the 'meaningful vote'
Join our #Brexit live webcast on the 23rd January where our panel will be discussing developments from the outcome of the Meaningful Vote and what this means for businesses leading up to 29th March 2019: #BeyondBrexit #TimetoAct
Brexit: Theresa May faces 'meaningful vote' on her deal: Theresa May is… TheBikiniCalendar
I think any change in the path to brexit would make UK to loose a little bit more of respect from the rest of the world. That's what's happening with or Macron in France. Nations cannot have a try and error approach it is dangerous given the whole world context.
How significiant is it that the German Foreign Minister has said the Brexit deal could be negotiated if MPs reject Theresa May's deal?
#Brexit #vote: #TheresaMay faces worst government #defeat in 95 years
Brexit runs in completely contradictory directions - aims of careless globalisers are complete opposite of Little England protectionists #StopBrexit
Geoffrey Cox peroration: “We should not underestimate the moment because it was expressed peacefully through the ballot.” “This deal is the key. Destroy it and the path to Brexit becomes shrouded in obscurity.”
No wonder #Brexit such a mess with #mrbean in charge
Amendments to PM's Brexit deal selected: A guide to the amendments MPs… TheBikiniCalendar
married brexit
Theresa May faces crushing defeat in a historic vote in parliament on Tuesday over the Brexit deal she has struck with the European Union, leaving the world's fifth biggest economy in limbo.
Exactly right.
The fate of Brexit is deeply uncertain as the UK parliament is likely to reject PM May's deal on Tuesday night.
Yesterday Boris Johnson said “there is a plot by the deep state to frustrate Brexit”. Johnson attended Eton, where education is secondary to becoming part of the establishment. Keep that in mind.
We can expect a few things tonight. PM could resign. New general election stall brexit No brexit Deal made No deal exit. Sky News:
Ring Leader !!
A polite request from Europe: wake us up when you know what you want from Brexit | Joris Luyendijk
I'm a remain voter, but even I wouldn't want anyone to vote through #BrexitDeal! While this country is still very much divided over brexit, I think her deal is the 1st thing in a while, many of us leave and remain voters can actually unite over!
This is what I don’t understand about the Corbyn position - yes, an unforgivable number of people are struggling desperately and have much more to worry about than Brexit. So why is Corbyn still supporting it, since it will make us ALL poorer? 1/2
MPs to vote on 'right to terminate' Irish backstop as Bercow selects amendments to tonight's Brexit vote
James O'Brien's Unmissable Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote
BBC News - Brexit: Date for vote on Theresa May's deal confirmed
#Foster says May's Brexit plan won't succeed. Of course not! The #IRA couldn’t do it with a campaign of murder and bombing, even an attempted assassination of #PM #MargaretThatcher didn’t do it!
Brexit weekly briefing: the meaningful vote on May's deal is finally here - The Guardian...
This morning Brexit was Game of Thrones, then Brexit became a pulp fantasy novel.
Remember amendments might not be pushed to votes. So worth tuning in to BBC One or 5 live special from 1900 because things could move v quickly
MP delays childbirth to vote on Brexit - sparking row over Tory untrustworthiness. Here's the reason via
There be some wolves in sheep clothing today for the brexit vote wonder how many state their alliance then vote the other way and I bet some labour mps will back may as it’ll suit there own agenda before those they represent
Did the public understand such ramifications before the #BrexitReferendum. I doubt it. $1 trillion is leaving #Britain because of #Brexit.
Thank you ... I thought no one was listening
Nigel Green: UK financial assets and pound will rally if PM gets her way on #Brexit #deVere #deVereNews #deVereGroup #BrexitNews #NigelGreen #TheresaMay #assets
Davis outlines next steps should Brexit deal get rejectedTHERESA May will try to force a second vote on her Brexi...
If the UK can unilaterally cancel #Brexit and the invocation of #article50 is also a unilateral action, what is to stop them from trolling the rest of the #EU by "extending" the negotiations for another 2 years using a cancel + reinvocation combo?
Apparently it’s a good day for burying bad news
The flow of #Danish butter and bacon to Britons' breakfast tables is expected to fall by around a quarter in case of a hard #Brexit, the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development said on Tuesday.
DUP should do a deal with corbyn: offer support for vote of no confidence in late febuary; no-deal brexit in return for a general election.
Theresa May right now...#TheresaMaysDeal #BrexitChaos #brexit
Brexit means Brexit.
That was a long theatre show #geoffreycox #brexit #BrexitVote
City traders dig in for night of turmoil on PM's crunch Brexit vote
Let’s hope we can call a GE on a brexit manifesto to unite the country
Brexit, Steve King, Jayme Closs: Your Tuesday Briefing
Brexit vote D-Day as May faces defeat and a vote of no confidence
Gave up with James O Brien's rigged echo chamber ages ago &amp; am sick of Brexit now anyway but by shear fluke caught the tail end of that J Rees Mogg interview. Fake Pleb overgrown posh schoolboy J O Brien using every cheap trick in the book sounding even more pathetic than normal.
. 's sensible view of the #BrexitDeal is that "There isn't any deal better than the one we've got now." Thank you for being clear and consistent on Brexit since 2016. Let's have the #BrexitVote so we can move on to a #PeoplesVote.
There are many people whom it is possible to blame for the shambles that Brexit has become: quisling traitors, remoaners, deep-state operatives,...
Her 'deal' is not a form of brexit, it's remain.
No. Won’t be ratified by the EU27 as pointed out by . However it may be that Govt use this amendment to kick the can down the road once again. #brexit
If no Brexit, then we'll get the euro..... Shit!
Yes that's the game millions of us want what you represent gone.#Brexit or no #Brexit Begone with your amdram protests have traumatised &amp; financially pillaged UK inflicting unforgivable #hunger #poverty #homelessness &amp; children rummaging through bins
LIVE: Theresa May's Brexit battle: Speaker John Bercow screws the government by ignoring the amendments it favours.
On today - The University of Gibraltar is a very new institution that sits in a unique regulatory environment - and approaches Brexit with pragmatism, hope, and trust in their government. David Kernohan finds out more.
Daily Mail sales down 17% with new #SoftRemain support for May plan They now HATE Brexit and This is why!
So damn sick of hearing the word 'Brexit'
I’ve always said since the day after the referendum that we won’t Brexit!
James O'Brien is toxic masculinity
Stocks edge up on Chinese growth plan, ahead of Brexit vote
May’s only path is to revoke Article 50 and ditch Brexit
If you work in Health or Social Care in Wales and have questions regarding Brexit, this might be helpful:
The use of lazy cliche in political discourse/reporting: ‘This country is deeply divided’. Surely more useful and accurate to say: ‘people in Britain have a variety of deeply held views about Brexit’. Two v different analyses that superficially sound the same. 2nd is better IMHO
No Brexit
Interesting that fears over #Brexit, exams and school stress top the list of parenting worries for their children in 2019 . What are your biggest concerns? Join my FB group here to chat with 100 other #parents and get #connected.
The latest The Personal Finance Daily! Thanks to #brexit #insurance
No-deal #Brexit could cost Denmark billions, companies looking at alternative markets: ministry - The Local Denmark #Companies #news
Of course, we see this all the time. Did anyone watch the farce that was QT last Thursday. Dimbleby was bad enough but my word! Socialists getting 80% of air time again. When will this publicly funded bunch get some balance and provide genuine public service.
Jim Armitage: Hope for another referendum to end this nightmare
Absolutely right from : Destroy this deal and the path to #Brexit is in great danger. (Periodic reminder to purist Brexiteers in the Commons: CLEAR MAJORITY OF MPs ARE REMAINERS).
Forget all this #Brexit talk briefly and see how the latest rail projects in London, such as HS2 and the Elizabeth Line, are going to further benefit the ever-growing transport links and those seeking work for years to come - #HS2 #Rail #Jobs
The Entertainer retailer stockpiles summer toys as Brexit fears mount
It kicks the country in the bum No Brexit
what is the plan if the EU fails? how does Brexit happen? there are 3 sides on every coin, but you guys only consider 2. call a scientist.
#UK like a kid who will fail a critical exam because they have not started to study earlier. #May warns #Brexit may not happen if #Parliament rejects her deal.
Hi, Michael Gove has proved that he ignores when in his presence. Jon would never use such phrasing in regard to a no vote on Theresa May's #Brexit deal. He would if it was a yes vote.
EDITORIAL: Brexit a clear example of danger of direct democracy
These people sanctioned murder and pillage, if it was a so called normal person we would parade them around like murders. So my question is what's the difference......
We might as well Brexit since everything wants to eff up
Theresa May faces worst government defeat in 95 years in key Brexit vote - Bloomberg
Words from a well-spoken former Speaker ...
Hahahahaha trust the little snoflake to make it all about masculin and feminin so hilarious that you are clearly living in the dark ages in some attempt to cover up your own issues Yeah nothings changd in 100 years, fintech investment is leaving uk re brexit.
Government sneaks out £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples
No-deal Brexit? Failure of Theresa May's plan would disproportionately hurt Gibraltar
Brexit vote day and apparently the Westminster press pack are treating Jacob Rees-Mogg like a rock star - presumably that's Screaming Lord Sutch.
you need to correct the prof. Joanna Cherry QC of SNP took a case to court last week. It was confirmed article 50 can be revoked unilaterally for a return to exact same terms. Stop letting 'experts' misinform. #brexit
Nope. sorry. All stats show your impulsive obsession w/U is not helping either. If Brexit goes down, will U tweet PM May U cld have done it right? That's just your hubris speaking? Cld u ever understand that?
Given today's #Brexit madness, I would like to point to something enjoyable emanating from the UK that I recently discovered: The section on video gaming which takes games seriously as an important societal/cultural phenomenon.
Feeling a bit tense about today’s Brexit vote? Watch The Good Place! At least we’re not literally in hell
The sociopathic strategy is to kick up a nasty fuss about something &amp; bully others into making a good-faith concession, then turn that concession into a binding commitment to give more, &amp; then more again for consistency, until they've locked you in &amp; it's too late. That's Brexit.
On the road to nowhere - #talkingheads
The Attorney General camping it up in the House of Commons.
DUP should do a deal with corbyn: offer support for vote of no confidence in late febuary; no-deal brexit in return for a general election.
Why does it need to respect the result of the referendum? It was won with outright lies and criminal activity.. the "winners" do not respect the electorate.
Savills sees Brexit-fuelled drop in some markets | Reuters
The reason why David Cameron brought forward the referendum on our membership of the EU was to appease the right-wing of the Tory Party. Instead of speaking to unite Parliament and the country, Geoffrey Cox's speech in the #Brexit debate was directed at the same Tories.
Will try to tune in
A shocking and incorrect comment from someone who is from the border. In reality, as well as security checkpoints there was a customs border until 1993 when the Single Market and Customs Union were completed. This is what we are trying to avoid through the backstop.
James O'Brien's Unmissable Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote
#GoodNews - #EU looses #GBP 35 Bn from #EUBudget #EU27 #Brexit
As a fisherman and a constituent,could you enlighten me as to why you are so confident that voting against mays deal will result in no Brexit? Will article 50 be repealed? Why has the warnings of crashing out without a deal evolved into the impossibility of that happening?
The British people should get the final say on the Brexit deal, with the option to remain in the EU. Agree? Add your name:
Can't be a #PeoplesVote
TODAY #BrexitVote ! #May submites #Deal over #Brexit for #Paliament approval #UK will #Leave the #EuropeanUnion on March 29, #DealOrNoDeal
Brexit decision at UK
So No Dean, I can't give direct proof that No Deal will make us poorer, because I don't have magical powers. I assume you Voted Leave, though. What's your expectations for a Hard Brexit? Let me know your thoughts, Dean Thanks for asking my opinion, Have a great day! CH
#Brexit blackmail... Labour MP: You must rule out the prospect that we’ll being shot in the chest! Geoffrey Cox: But you yourself can easily rule that out by instead choosing to be shot in the stomach! Simples!
Here's my new EP release #BolloxtoBrexit a dance floor comment on the chaos that is Brexit
Been a HUGE fan of , even since his days with the NME. Top fella and comes across as everyone’s ‘mate’. We love what you do, Danny. Thanks for many, many laughs over the years.
Today could make or break Brexit:
And people who want to stop Brexit want MPs to vote down this deal, because they know this deal is the only path to Brexit. Vote it down, and Brexit could be stopped, he argues.
It is very British not to accept their own mistakes - eventually there will be a “desperate deal” just for damage limitation before braving a “referendum” - mark my words who wants to bet! #Brexit #BrexitDeal #BrexitChaos
I have him on mute and am watching this its much better
Numerous businesses that haven't already put their Brexit plans into motion are waiting on the vote tonight. Just watch.
Here's on the unicorn #Brexit thinking of #BrexitVote
OK, let's not talk about the "why" of brexit - I assume you think it would be a disaster too. But do you really respect a referendum with lying, cheating and foreign interference?
In case you missed it: Stalled lighting projects ‘to get go-ahead after Brexit’, forecasts #lighting #brexit
There is a huge amount of evidence that No brexit is what the People now actually want. It would at lesst be hood manners to ask them.
Forget Keeping Up with the Kardashian’s. Forget The Real Housewives of wherever. Forget Honey Boo Boo. Watching #Brexit events on with my is best reality TV ever!
Premier League eyes Africa, South America for players as hard Brexit looms
London #Markets: FTSE 100 clings to gains as London investors await crucial Brexit vote #marketwatch #finance #news
Brexit vote live: MPs battle over Theresa May’s deal via
Does anyone actually believe Brexit will go smoothly and the country won't go to shit? #AskingForAFriend #brexit #wearealldoomed
Not just across the water. Brexit-level hoarding of half backs not so far away ...
. on 's bodge of a Brexit policy &gt;&gt;&gt; If you want a party that is unwavering in it's support for then join today
Socialist organization that can't pay well, and rations treatment of patients..... Wonders aloud why it cannot attract new staff. #TuesdayMorning #TuesdayThoughts
CAN'T WAIT!
Brexit vote - how the day may unfold #Court #News #Ireland #StephenWalsh
#Brexit's Critical Hours $FXB
Brexit: How would no deal affect UK citizens in the EU? #Brexit #EU #healthcare
- please vote down May’s Brexit plan.
Here we are again, government sneaking out more cuts to some of the vulnerable in our communities. #GTTO
Brexit is a lie #StopBrexit
Well said! I would echo exactly the same sentiments from and We are a small business striving to deliver an excellent service to our clients and candidates and want to continue to be able to do so! #BrexitDeal
The difference with a Labour Brexit is that it would still need to meet the six criteria originally laid down which are designed to protect the UK from adverse economic and social impact.
Geoffrey Cox must like the sound of his own voice. He can talk and talk and talk and actually say very little. Such a waste of time in the #Brexit deal debate, when there are over 70 other MPs waiting to speak.
Brexit upside for food exporter The London Deli Company
BBCNews : RT BBCPolitics: "It does not, it does not, it does not, it does not, how many times do I have to say it" - Attorney General Geoffrey Cox addresses "typical misconceptions" the European Court of Justice retains jurisdiction over UK courts af…
Virtue signalling of the worst kind.
What do we want? BREXIT BRITAIN! When do we want it? NINETEEN FIFTY EIGHT!
Daily Mail sales in the toilet now they oppose Brexit Here's why
'What does Brexit mean to me? Sovereignty. All the issues fall under this umbrella. Control of law? Sovereignty. Control of immigration? Sovereignty. Control of money? Sovereignty. Control over ALL our legislatures? Sovereignty.' |
Does James "BREXIT" O'Brien write these articles n tweets himself? Lol...
WATCH: No matter what your views are on Brexit I think we can all agree the Government's handing of the process has been a shambles. I will be voting against the Government tonight. It is time to put this back to the people in a People's Vote.
He answered about the quote being selective. O'brien on shaky ground about selective quotes. He loves to quote the port of Dover CEO (actually ex CEO) on potential queues. He never explains quotes that show after Brexit the port of Dover predicts a 40% increase in freight traffic
Back a deal &amp; ignore the consequences. Jenkins is the one who thinks money was wasted on addressing the Millenium Bug, because nothing, in his opinion, went wrong. May's deal, like #BREXIT, has real downsides &amp; no one is saying how they'll be addressed, if it's agreed.
Why #Pepperstone lists as #mortgage company? Or #gaming platform? Someone said it's running a b-book model, not putting trades into #real markets! Pepperstone won't answer! #blockchain #crypto #trading #fx $gbp #gbpusd $gld $jpy #eur #btc #forex #cfds #yen #usdjpy $gc #brexit
remember when she threatened a pregnant Channel 4 News journalist when they asked her questions about her aunt the PM of Bangladesh &amp; human rights abuses
ha ha,democracy voted leave,get over it
So just the EU. Any mention of EEA? Notes on compromise: joining the EEA is not the same as staying in the EU
Brexit Vote: Parliament to Decide on E.U. Withdrawal Plan
BREXIT survival kits half price sale £300. Survive the first month of BREXIT with our money back guarantee.
Post Brexit UK pesticide regulation must be brought up to a modern standard - risk assessment separated from risk management and measures put in place to stop approving bee-harming pesticides. More on how UK pesticide regulation must improve in appendix
You can't make a graaaaaand statement with what seems like an endless string of SAT vocab words on how generations will look back in awe at this agreement when the future generations don't agree with Brexit. But ya know, what do I know? I'm just a millennial
UK parliament likely to vote on May’s Brexit plan around 2000 GMT #news
Far from mounting some sort of “establishment coup”, the MPs who are trying to seize control of the political agenda are simply filling a vacuum of leadership that has emerged at the top of both main parties.
Can't be a #PeoplesVote
Here's my new EP release #BolloxtoBrexit a dance floor comment on the chaos that is Brexit there's a censored version, just hit me back if you want a wav download?
Arlene Foster says the Brexit WA separates Northern Ireland from the rest of the UK in a very obvious way - like the Irish Sea isn't obvious. And why are senior Tories lining up with DUP policy? The DUP don't even represent the majority of NI so why?
Just watch the Brexit live stream from the british parliament and had to thought about this clip...
The Brexiteers and Lexiteers view no Brexit as a catastrophe. The grown-ups view it as a way to avert one. 15-01-2019:...
#GoodNews - #EU looses #GBP 35 Bn. #EUBudget #EU27 #Brexit
Latest News: Amendments to PM's Brexit deal selected A guide to the amendments MPs will vote on ahead of the big vote on Theresa May's Brexit plan. 2019-01-15 13:17:49Z
Britain's May faces defeat in parliament over Brexit plan
Me whenever a Labour supporter tells me that a general election, followed by a Corbyn Brexit, helps the most vulnerable in society:
Excellent strategy stick with it all MPs in the party need to vote against this #Brexit deal then let's get a #GE #JC4PM
I thought you were using fishing as an example of a destroyed industry that generated lots of income that’s all. Car manufacture depends on a ‘just in time’ manufacturing system, post Brexit particularly with a no deal they will not be able to function as they do today (1/2)
Politicians are using their privilege over the UK people , the UK public clearly want a no deal brexit but our work force that we pay wages to don't want to get us that deal ,and what would any company do if their workers were incapable of following their bosses instructions?
One of the rare times a member of the Govt has really lambasted some of the ERG's criticism of the deal - from Geoffrey Cox no less- and he made his point emphatically in turning around to wave at his own benches
Geoffrey Cox is a pompous, verbose and hectoring ass straight out of a weak courtroom melodrama. #Brexit
Sorry, I won’t expose my kids to popularism and uncertainty that Brexit triggered across Europe!
Got coffee ready for #topjournos and big day co staring #Brexit
GBP trading opportunities arising from the Brexit situation via FXEmpire #forex #fx
Can't be a #PeoplesVote
#VoteLeave broke every law in the book in the run up to the Brexit referendum, if the government loses today, the Attorney General should be issuing arrest warrants in the am, this farce has gone on long enough #GreatBritain #UK #Europe #FuckNazis
A setback for the Kochs, Mercers, Putin, and Trump:
Delingpole: Britain’s Brexit Betrayal Conservatives Are the Walking Dead via
Amid the now-huge crowd of pro- and anti-Brexit campaigners, hangers on, religious evangelicals, tourists and gawpers outside Parliament I’ve seen just *seven* people in yellow vests. It’s not yet turned out to be the mass movement billed by proponents.
We can exclusively reveal that November's model for the 2020 Writers Mcdonalds Chayote Nude Calendar will be ...jigsaw puzzleroll.... Towns!!! #brexit #hyenas
Theresa May's Brexit deal faces vote in Parliament
what's your view of Brexit?
Breakingviews - Brexit defeat will begin process of elimination
"180 million tweets globally mentioning Brexit since the beginning of January 2016" channel 4 to cash in #advertising #media
Britain's May says she will respond quickly after key Brexit vote
To jump on the #brexit vote prediction bandwagon - I predict everyone will be really angry, note that it validates everything they've ever believed and confirm that if only things had been done their way this would never have happened
Wetherspoons is waiting...
Well, well. After all those stroppy refusals! #ditchthedeal
The anti-Brexit obsession is pathetic. For some, life is about scoring points - never ending obsessions. That's ok, but what is the end-goal? Some people make me sick.
I hope MPs were listening
Publicity stunt
#bReXiT This time next year we’ll all be wearing potato sacks with twine belts and shoes made from rabbit pelt.
Here's my new EP release #BolloxtoBrexit a dance floor comment on the chaos that is Brexit
The British people should get the final say on the Brexit deal, with the option to remain in the EU. Agree? Add your name:
Exactly. #brexit is a pointless disaster that never was the will of the people.
When the reality of a situation and the headline describing said event bare literally no comparison. This is the way of all LBC Twitter posts. The LBC spotty interns create these headlines as click bait.
Corbyn is as undemocratic as May. Can we rely on backbench MPs to do the right thing for the people of this country today? Please, do the right thing and kill May's deal, and stop Brexit. Revoke A50.
I won't stop until I have my wooded glade I mean stopped Brexit
Neil Warnock is Brexit in human form.
Bizarre take on modern history to offer to support Hitler and yet railing against Quislings! I accept that NO knowledge of modern history is required to become an 'expert' on Brexit, but it does rather reduce the impact of the analogies being used.
May’s deal absolutely 100% does NOT deliver on the referendum. It does the opposite and anyone supporting it is doing so because they know it keeps us in the EU as a rule taker and that’s what they want for this country.
A message from our Stupidstan correspondent...
Can't be a #PeoplesVote
Just been told a guy who I was with in Afghanistan has taken his own life, I'm so heartbroken he was 36 and didn't get the help he needed when he left the forces, I'm typing this with tears in my eyes because I know this is gonna go on and on..fuck ya Brexit shit sort this out!!
We need a new Labour Party, one that doesn’t look to gain a political advantage from a Brexit, democratically voted for by the British people, go Jeremy and your momentum comrades!
How Tuesday's Big Brexit Vote Will Play Out — And What Happens If The PM Loses #MayDay #BrexitMayDay
Labour MEPs ask Jeremy Corbyn to back second EU referendum
#brexit the speaker includes four amendments
This seems a great day to remind you all of the brilliant brexit analogy written by . This is in fact what all the leave architects- government/lexit/erg are trying to achieve. The problem with brexit is brexit.
Okay, Mr Forsyth, what do I win for my prescience?
Whatever the outcome... The #brexit debate in The House of Commons is interesting to watch. I really like the way the British use of language, especially from the Speaker of the House of Commons John Bercow.
Increasingly clear that we’re being led by a literal lunatic.
. As it was in the beginning, is now and always will be: It’s *ALL* about the last gasps of the dying minority Tory Party. Screw everyone else. Obsessive May should have obeyed constitutional form &amp; formed a Coalition when she lost her majority. #Brexit #BrexitVote
2 X boxes of Krispy Kremes ? Is that Theresa's cake fine for screwing up Brexit ?
Bannon is a key player in this debacle as he is also a key player in the brexit debacle
How buy-side firms can protect end investors ahead of today's Brexit vote -
What is the DUP offering to make this situation better? Have you done anything to disescalate this so called Project Fear or have you enjoyed sabotaging Brexit and the Union from within? Be the change you want to see, Do onto others and all that. May God forgive you, a lot won't.
Is there any political sportsbar in Oxford to follow the trainwreck of the brexit deal vote going on?
I saw this on The Sun app and thought you’d enjoy it Labour vows to bring down Theresa May within 24 hours and could overturn Brexit completely. This twerp would. Not interested in this country’s national interest.
Theresa May.. lock up your bunnies. #brexit #brexitpanel #BrexitVote
Brexit deal vote expected around 2000 GMT after vote on four amendments via ForexLive #forex #fx
Instead of trapping the MP's into voting Theresa's deal or no deal, Why not ask the PEOPLE if they want to leave on those terms or if they'd rather stay? I feel like the Brits have not been informed at all of what BREXIT actually means... #BrexitVote #BrexitShambles
To my dear Twitter contacts, a #Brexit playlist by yours truly
One of the most important and historic votes in years in parliament today. How is the House of Commons chamber not completely full? Where is everybody? What can be more important today for those MPs not present? #Brexit #MeaningfulVote
After years and years of Tory infighting on Europe the Attorney General tries to blame Labour for their gross incompetence on Brexit. But bluster as he may for the last hour...this deal is a bad deal and Parliament will not accept this attempt at Tory damage limitation.
They also think that after Brexit were going to pay £1 million n a quarter every day but through 30 different angles. So that means for realizing that we av been grossly over paying n Brexiting we r being penalised. I wonder wat Maam Her Majesty The Queen thinks of that?
So 20,000 British soldiers at check points along the border isn’t a hard border? The lack of a ‘physical’ Trump-like walled border doesn’t take away from the presence of a psychological hard border. Comments like this gaslight the experiences shared by our parents &amp; grandparents.
Dow Dips, Bitcoin Clings to Gains as Tuesday Promises Volatility - #bitcoin #brexit #constantinople #dow #jones #ethereum #jp #morgan
shocked, bewildered an horrified reading this terry. brexit cant come quik enuff
Britain's remainers might wish they had someone like Macedonia's prime minister on their team.
What I love even more is that Brexit is meant to stop 'unlimited' immigration... Yet most immigrants come from outside the EU.
Hard Brexit to hit Danish bacon, butter exports to Britain: OECD
I would rather no brexit than this terrible deal
Always pick a proper Brexit pub. Everytime.
It’s decision time for Theresa May’s Brexit deal. What happens next?
Her political career is over so she wants to make sure her financier buddies make enough cash by shorting Sterling that she gets 'consideration' Corruption throughout the Tory party.
"A No-Deal Brexit? Leaders Are Alarmed; Voters, Not So Much" by ELLEN BARRY via NYT
"Brexit Vote: Parliament to Decide on E.U. Withdrawal Plan" by THE NEW YORK TIMES via NYT
Seriously???
But even if passed, will not be ratified by EU27. #brexit
`bbcnews Well, It would appear that the cretins are conspiring to negate the peoples choice of brexit. Oh for a government that can govern sensibly and intelligently , casting aside their idealism and self interest.Will Tereasona have enough knighthoods to give them.
Haha...... we want Brexit not this bullshit deal
A No-Deal Brexit? Leaders Are Alarmed; Voters, Not So Much#World
Brexit Vote: Parliament to Decide on E.U. Withdrawal Plan#World
Here's my new EP release #BolloxtoBrexit a dance floor comment on the chaos that is Brexit
So Jeremy Corbyn and the Labour Party,s plan to vote against T.May then suggest a different deal that erases the EU Irish backstop is a deal not possible because of international law
It’s almost a year since we supported in winning support for proxy voting and STILL Is being denied it. No words
Trump is trying to cause disruption between us over this stupid wall - it's what Russia wants. Just like Riussia did to Brexit and what it's doing to France.
How Brexit is being shaped by House of Commons Speaker
Periodic reminder to Tim : May's deal is not Brexit. CLEAR MAJORITY OF MPs DON'T BELIEVE IN DEMOCRACY
Mays deal isn't Brexit. So by default wto is the only option.
Lol I'm tired
All these politicians have an agender the opposition want number 10 but I don't think they will get it. I afraid things may get nasty if Brexit doesn't happen.
You do realize what elective means in this context?
'Brexit and the Future of British Politics' Professor Roger Awan-Scully (Professor of Political Science, Cardiff University) is the guest lecturer at WEA Llanelli on Thursday, 17 January Selwyn Samuel Centre, Llanelli, SA15 3AE, at 7.30pm
As a corporate Twitter account tasked with not alienating half our customer base, I can say with confidence that our stance on Brexit is as follows: Britain is an island in the North Atlantic Ocean off the northwest coast of continental Europe with an area of 209,331 km2.
Brexit is. It's one of those concepts which can be defined in tense opposition to itself.
The AG is acting like a politician - Isnt he supposed to be there about the LAW of UK regarding Brexit.. not to discuss political situations between the 2 main parties?
“Government 'sneaks out' £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote - The Independent. “. This government is despicable
Space Marines are about 30 millennia off, I think, so about right for realizing a Brexit dividend.
#TheresaMay should go now.. Just Because #universalcredit #brexit #brexitshambles #nodealbrexit #cuts #satire #brexitvote 201
Summary: Brexit is like your heart being ripped out while you're ejected into the dark airless cold of outer space, says Geoffrey Cox. Not the most compelling argument for May's Deal. #MeaningfulVote #BrexitVote
Which US channel is covering the Brexit vote live?
Oh dear! NHS EU staff #Brexodus since #EURef2016. We say #Brexit: #isitworthit? #VoteDownTheDeal
How long has the German foreign minister being negotiating Brexit on behalf of the EU ? Answer he hasn’t #BackTheBrexitDeal
Mitigating the bedroom tax. Mitigating the worst of Universal Credit. Protecting free education. Mitigating NHS cuts. Consistently standing up for Scottish interests in the brexit debacle. I could go on.
You wouldn't want to be trapped in a lift with Geoffrey Cox..lol #earplugs #Brexit Lets not forget he said this backstop nonsense. LOCKS the UK into permanent customs union with the EU, and that splits NI from the UK.
How does Brexit affect the pound?
PM will lose the vote today. No further concessions, it would look like she is getting a better deal by her own negotiation. Then later the E.U. will give more because it's in their interest for us to remain. But the key is she didn't negotiate them. They want the power. #Brexit
Great live stream from the British Parliament on Brexit vote. Must see.
#Brexit, then what? It's time for #civilsociety to shape our future according to of :
looks like he's gonna cry! Poor baby
Will Britain leave the EU on March 29? Diplomats on both sides are presuming Brexit won't happen as planned
Brixit outside Britain...
James O'Brien's Unmissable Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote - LBC
The world deserves better to know from England than Brexit
The Top 20 (True!) #Astrology Predictions For 2018 - Here is how astrology predicted the news before it happened. Plus - why 2019 is set to bring a great #Brexit divorce. #horoscope #predictions #zodiac
I wonder if Corbyn would still push for 16 year-olds to get the vote...
Theresa May&amp;#39;s Brexit deal suffers another blow ahead of crucial vote - Liverpool Echo
So this is gonna end up with Neil Warnock being Prime Minister, right? #brexit #yourworstnightmare
All broadcast journalists should approach the mewling pencil this way instead of fawning all over him as if he were royalty.
I just arrived in Alicante for a shoot tmrw. I turned right at customs for EU citizens - how much longer will I be doing that if this #brexit #fiasco keeps rolling down hill like a truck with the brake let off. Please apply the brake driver !!!! #StopBrexit
Yup mr brexit himself
Brexit: Simon Coveney says Ireland must hold its nerve
This looks like a very interesting and useful seminar - "Public Event: ‘Brexit’ – Trade Union Perspectives"
What is s good Brexit deal?
Whilst the Brexit vote is going on I shall be at the cinema watching Laurel and Hardy. I’m sure the irony is not lost on you.
Final (unscientific) poll on "eve" of meaningful vote. Self-selected 9.5k tweeters with interest in Brexit. 62% expect there to be an extension of A50 come 29 March. 23% believe UK will then leave with (7%) or without (16%) deal. 15% believe A50 will be revoked come 29 March.
For what it’s worth, with the Conservatives split, Labour not what I feel comfortable with on the left, it’s time for a central, middle ground political party to emerge from the carnage of #brexit
The business of Brexit: What is the practical impact on the county’s entrepreneurs? As the Brexit battle rages on in Westminster today ahead, it’s easy to forget the impact of these decisions on the everyday business owners trying to make ends meet.
Now who’s being disingenuous
Watching the #Brexit debates at #Parliament its clear to see quite how disgusting &amp; disrespectful these MPs our to the general public &amp; how they make such a mockery of there Intellect of the so called humans, who play slave 2 this so called democracy-
A first look a The Big Band album THE STATE BETWEEN US from inc collaborators, track names, artwork and live dates... #brexitbigband
This is Geoffrey Cox auditioning for the role of Dame at Westminster’s 2019 Panto. Any suggestions what that Panto might be called?
Brexit=Hass
Here's my new EP release #BolloxtoBrexit a dance floor comment on the chaos that is Brexit
EA on : What Will Happen With #Brexit ( w ) …
Seasonal workers from the EU support the pub trade when it enters a busy period, such as Christmas or a large sporting event as in the 2018 World Cup. #Brexit #FreeMovement
Yes, the deal would leave #UK worse off! In fact #Brexit has already had a negative impact on the UK economy and will most certainly be a drag on UK economic growth.
I’d like to feel insulted by this…but I’m finding it really rather accurate. #Brexit
Theresa May 'will have to stand down' if she suffers heavy defeat in Brexit vote, Cabinet ministers suggest' | via
PM faces crushing Brexit defeat and a vote of no confidence
Arlene for PM
First part no. The backstop is a statement about the Irish border. It could lead to a customs border in the Irish Sea. Pretty sure the whole UK solution never made it into May's deal. See here:
And the people in NI who rejected Brexit don't count? Thought so.. (So much for majority rule!)
Fortunately, the whole Brexit thing has been completely gentlemanly and civil. We must be grateful. Was he not in tears over the contempt of parliament vote?
Brexit will kick us all down the ladder, with the ones on the bottom rung falling off altogether. Even the Brexit supporters now acknowledge this. And if the people we need Labour to help don’t even care that much about it, what’s the point in ploughing on? 2/2
What's this 'Brexit' thing that everyone is banging on about?
Would you see this act as "cherry picking"?
Last night at midnight I set out why the prime ministers deal isn’t good enough and the division that Brexit has created - edited highlights here!
My God I thought our country has gone to the dogs over Brexit. JESUS CHRIST your all deluded. Do you fancy the buffoon or something. He is the world's most famous laughing stock and making your fantastic country an even bigger joke. Get rid and if you vote republican then fine
Philip Hammond in under 40 seconds #Brexit #satire #Autumnstatement #budget #autumnbudget #brexitbudget #DUP #TheresaMay #ToriesOut #Tories #MayMustGoNow #philiphammond #thebudget #BrexitVote
A No-Deal Brexit? Leaders Are Alarmed; Voters, Not So Much by ELLEN BARRY
Good god what a circus is this whole #BrexitVote - I am still bewildered as to how the Brexit ever got through the referendum. Just gets worse and worse!
As an Englishman you have my sincere aplogies for this! The Irish are a great bunch! Is your reaction specific to Brexit, or a general revulsion?
Truly a generational dimension! BBC News - Labour MP Tulip Siddiq delays birth to vote on Brexit
Indeed. 'The will of the people' is actually 'the will of *some* of the people'. #Brexit
Enough of the side shoe Gav, the big question on everyones lips: Will RTE's precious main evening news anchor be live outside Westminster in the cold and rain this time or will the younger pretender be holding the mic again? A nation awaits.. #rtenews #rtept #Brexit
Two strange men talk #Brexit James O'Brien's Unmissable Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote - LBC
LONDON | The Latest: Lawmakers to get chance to amend Brexit deal
How does that happen? How can you stop Brexit without another referendum? I’m genuinely interested In your rationale here.
‘Nutjob’ neighbours with Brexit stockpile now seem wise and useful
Can't be a #PeoplesVote
Today could make or break Brexit
Indefatigable anti Brexit campaigner Steve Bray outside Parliament today, 15th January, when parliament votes on the Prime Minister’s deal in a meaningful vote. #brexit #politics #parliament #stopbrexit #stevebray #protest #bollockstobrexit #leave #leave…
The UK will LEAVE on WTO rules, this IS the WILL of the PEOPLE #BREXIT
House of Commons has just had the gauntlet thrown down: vote this through or Brexit is finished. Crikey, it's a drama I have such scant understanding of but can barely stay away from watching like it's some fist fight to the death.
I guess there will be no moment on this?
Brexit, please.
...and it bears no relationship to the Brexit promoted by Leave (which only got a tiny 4% majority).
Brexit Vote: Parliament to Decide on E.U. Withdrawal Plan by THE NEW YORK TIMES
Well done, Jo! As Elizabeth says, below, Jo in London today, flying the flag for #BackTo60 #OneVoice outside Parliament on this auspicious day when Brexit vote finally takes place.
James O'Brien's Unmissable Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote - LBC
Labour MEPs write to : "A reformed EU is the best possible platform for Labour to create a new Europe – for the many, not the few."
If you’re a Civil Engineer in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a tragedy for you. If you live in Yorkshire and the Humber then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this crisis! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
When you book a holiday and then realise you fly out 2 days after Brexit:
James O'Brien's Unmissable Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote - LBC
We surveyed our members about Brexit and Theresa May's proposed deal - 68% believe Brexit will have a negative effect on their industry. MPs must vote down this deal.
Brexit Talks Could Go On If May Loses Vote, Says Germany’s Heiko
You will honour our votes or reep what you sow you idiot
Don’t blame Brexit for UK wobbles, says ‘Mr Copper’
Getting there... now need some subjects to light. Here for tonight's LIVE PRES with and for #brexit #MeaningfulVote
Thank you Ian for caring for our country and all your efforts to stop a disastrous Brexit. #PeoplesVote
These arrogant pompous non elected idiots have shown their hand and they have nothing more to offer,well I have,they can comeback with some serious deal or excelerate their demise,because there can be no doubt the EU is doomed!!
Regardless of what he's actually saying, it is always a pleasure watching Geoffrey Cox speak, his booming, theatrical earnestness a fabulous contrast to the stupidity and feebleness of the deal he is defending. #Brexit #KillTheDeal
With Populism emerges Yellow Vests, Brexit and Trump… and the instigation fear-mongering. Good post by
I'm genuinely scared about what will happen in less than 6 hours time. The decision of British people has become just party-politics &amp; power-plays Politicians only care about being the ones to say THEY got THEIR Brexit at any cost. The people don't matter anymore #BrexitVote
Lift off and nuke us from space?
She's fucking mental
Interesting to note that, assuming the price change estimates used in most analyses over the past 2 years of the impact of Brexit on farming, under the very worst "no deal" scenario the value of agricultural output falls by only 2.3% - less than in 2015 or 2016.
With a resignation ?
What could happen after MPs vote on the Brexit deal?
Sunderland Echo poll shows 70 per cent say #Brexit should go ahead even without a deal with EU #BrexitVote #NoDeal
So first Channel 4 were shocked by young people favouring Brexit, and now Jeremy Vine calls for "old" people to be barred from voting. Can we just admit that for remainers "youth" is a state of mind corresponding to their own opinion and has no relation to actual age. #BrexitVote
The Conservatives are lashed to Brexit's mast &amp; go down with the ship if we fail to leave on acceptable terms Their whole future is now dependent on getting this right - the highest stakes possible This is not just a debate about Brexit but Tory suicide or survival
Look for business flyer design ?Please contact
What next for Brexit? Three main scenarios
A clear, one-sentence explanation of the backstop. GO. #Brexit.
Old relative I hardly know: you had ur vote on brexit u can't complain you didn't get your way Me:
Stop Brexit completely (remain, forget all deals) vs. some deal.
A polite request from Europe: wake us up when you know what you want from Brexit | Joris Luyendijk
What a terrible thing that would be… (If I pretend that it’s terrible, does that make it more likely to happen?)
LONDON | The Latest: Lawmakers to get chance to amend Brexit deal
"A No-Deal Brexit? Leaders Are Alarmed; Voters, Not So Much" by ELLEN BARRY via NYT
We also become legal immigrants overnight, but hey, if #Brexit succeeds in damaging the UK economy as the Government forecasts suggest, it will all be worth it and so what, if a few hundred thousand UK people living abroad have their lives ruined?
"Brexit Vote: Parliament to Decide on E.U. Withdrawal Plan" by THE NEW YORK TIMES via NYT
The Government itself is the biggest problem, justifying both arguments yet Leavers and Remainers pick at each other and let it manifest as a result! I voted remain cos I knew we'd fuck it up, not because I liked the EU. Now that ships sailed we probably need to hard brexit.
Germany says EU ready to talk! EUC, then admits its '27 all as one, EUC policy to Brexit is false. Will EU busn, with huge trade surplus to UK domestic market &amp; EU Multi-Nats, with their non eco friendly, just in time production schedules', listen to nat govts, diktat from EU?
Shush, stop getting involved in a process you don't understand or respect. No oone cares what you think. Resign.
Dual nationality won't be allowed in Germany after 29 March
It's a huge day for Brexit but the divorce deal appears doomed
Probably because there is a deep state plot to kill Brexit..
#Brexit the far rights wet dream.....
Look for business flyer design ?Please contact
Good luck with the backstop Mrs.May! #brexit
looks very likely that the brexit vote won’t go through parliament tonight
Why is the BBC not challenging on her obvious lie that there never was a hard border? Has #Brexit eroded your ability to fact check and challenge politicians? Especially massive bigots like the DUP.
Andy, glad you also see the parallel of the two nations, one a Wall and UK's situation, both extreme isolationism. I don't think I want to travel to the UK or Europe any time soon, after Brexit. 2 Irelands, could there be 2 Englands? Or 2 USAs? Who knows...
#trading #news Don’t blame Brexit for UK wobbles, says ‘Mr Copper’
Brexit Talks Could Go On If May Loses Vote, Says Germany’s Heiko
Just a simple example; An EU sold £30,000 Beemer would cost £33,000 in UK post-brexit (Under current WTO terms) An average price increase of £3k per average car is a huge fright to the German big 4.
Clean brexit? My t shirt is cleaner than brexit. Not sure if it's oranges or eggs.
Many Tory MPs scraping the Brexit argument barrel now, talking of how history will judge them today#BBC
Totally agree!!! Take their vote away they do not deserve it. I hope that when brexit is stopped all leave voters will be forced to join our beloved EU army. Long live the EU.
You are losing our Brexit! Two Priorities: 1 Do whatever it takes to leave on WTO terms or better on 29/3; 2 Judging by past form you will fail to get us out on 29/3 so please ensure that any people’s vote is a simple leave remain and we will #TellThemAgain #TTA
With just hours until the vote on Theresa May's Brexit deal, protesters are out in force outside UK Parliament
Theresa May.. From one political delusion to another. #satire #toriesmustgo #policecuts #toriesout #Brexit #Brexitcast #BrexitReady #brexitmeansbrexit #BrexitVote #BrexitDeal #BrexitBetrayal
With just hours until the vote on Theresa May's Brexit deal, protesters are out in force outside UK Parliament
This is exactly right. This is also why UKLabour’s position is so disingenuous. There is NO deal that there would ever be a majority of MPs (or the country) supporting to enable #Brexit to happen - and the MPs need to be honest with the population about this.
Never forget the optimism,ambition and Hope that drove Brexit! The Remainers have nothing to offer but Fear! #Brexit #BrexitVote #Boris
Religion and Brexit. Both founded upon the belief of ridiculous falsehoods.
Brexit. I was told today that the only certainty is the uncertainty #brexit
Learned from Brexit When a politician says that they are ‘clear’ on a something - they aren’t!!!
Some thoughts before the meaningful vote
With today being a very important day in the #Brexit saga, we are on hand to assist with Brexit enquiries for migrant workers in the UK.
JRM on calls TM's deal a "Remainer's Brexit" as a reason for not supporting it which implies he feels nearly 50% of the country should be totally disregarded in the negotiation of the Withdrawal Agreement. Apart from EVERYTHING else that really pissed me off.
for everybody's sake and the stability of the UK, vote to accept the PM's Brexit Deal and let us move forward as a united nation rather than a mishmash of Shakespeare's Julius Caesar. #voteyes
So given Andy C’s final night at XOYO is Brexit eve... Who’s going down in a suitable getup. I want to see Teresa, Borris and Jacob Rees-Mog all dancing appropriately for the entire night.
GP's and Pharmacists I've spoken to making the link too
PM May Set for Brexit Vote Defeat, Germany Avoids Technical Recession – US Market Open All eyes on the meaningful vote for GBP traders. Option markets are suggesting an implied move of roughly 1% in GBPUSD. below short link
Just when you thought you'd seen the most bizarre moment of Brexit.....Borehamwood FC tells the government to get on with it.
Politicians seem to think the political route is the only viable way. But if Brexit is is ‘cancelled’ you’ll have Gilet Jaunes x100
Limiting number of Tier 2 migrants causes ‘needless economic self-harm’, says think tank, for causing “needless economic self-harm” #brexit #CIPD
Did he remind MPs of international support for Brexit from Trump and Putin? Hmmmmm think not.
Sexually transmitted diseases up 20%, funding to cure down 25%. ALL BREXIT CABINET VOTED AGAINST IMPROVING MATERNITY CARE. WE ARE DESPERATE FOR MATERNITY NURSES FROM EU, RECRUITMENT DOWN 90% AS THEY GO TO A COUNTRY THEY CAN TRUST INSTEAD OF US. NURSES TO PAY FOR OWN EDUCATION.
The cake is a lie, Teddy.
In the strategy released on Monday, the UK government sought to show how it will realise the “Green Brexit” championed by the prominent Leave supporter and environment secretary Michael Gove:
#Maydeal #brexit Labour’s amendment criticises May’s plan for not providing “a permanent UK-EU customs union and strong single market deal”. True, so wants a single market but no freedom of movement when EU says both go together. Head slap.
Pleased, I think...
#Brexit Debate : So any UK Business will likely have to wait until 2025-ish to find out what our long-term trading arrangement will be with the EU. That "Easiest Deal in History", eh ? Never trust a Fox.
I know a lot do of course but it's so frustrating to think that the future of the people to be most affected by Brexit has been heavily influenced by people who it won't affect. Of course that also describes politicians of any age that are advocating hard or no deal brexit
How would you like to be the first ones to import and report on the new utility vehicle Piaggio MP3 Mercurio ? Before Brexit comes and tightens the borders. Time is running out.
Realistically Michael we're heading for an honourable draw. Something close to Norway. Dumb but still not as dumb as the brexit zealots want.
A word for Brexit Preppers... remember when the world was supposed to come to a halt in year 2k? Exactly! #BrexitChaos
Don't worry, there's subtitles... :-D
Totally agree #brexit #Tories #LeaveMeansLeave
James O'Brien's Unmissable Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote - LBC
. Please vote down this disasterous Brexit deal #RemainAndReform
STOP THIS BREXIT FIASCO!
There are multiple regulatory, contractual and supply chain issues that need to be viewed closely through the Brexit lens by the loss adjusting community.
In all fairness the Governments incompetence is surpassed by the incompetence of the official opposition who have a plan, sort of, that is simply unacceptable to the EU in any form.
#Brexit is the cause and the effect of countries biggest consitutional crisis, therefore going ahead with it can not be the solution. People have changed their mind and we can not kill the future of our youth in the #EU #APeoplesVote is needed withdrawal of #Article50 and #Remain
Can't be a #PeoplesVote
Just got home to find Wetherspoon's have sent glossy magazine out to all residents in Offerton saying we are better off have a no deal Brexit. Are the Torys paying them
NewsWatch: Investors haven’t been this bearish about global profits since the financial crisis, say BAML survey: On Brexit-vote day expect investors to be plenty distracted, but our call of the day says they can’t shake their worries about… MARKETWATCH
And how exactly will a no deal Brexit make us safer?
One does not design say ! a car, it just does not get built as it was designed without adjustments so it is with Brexit if it’s impossible to make adjustments then it does not happen ?
We the majority voted to LEAVE, we DID NOT vote for any kind of deal! Retweet and remind everyone of that fact! #LeaveMeansLeave #LeaveEU #Brexit #Brexiteer #BrexitBetrayal #NoDealBrexit #NoDealNoProblem #NoDeal #BrexitDay #GiletJaunes #YellowVest #YellowVestsUk
The Brexiteers and Lexiteers view no Brexit as a catastrophe. The grown-ups view it as a way to avert one.
A polite request from Europe: wake us up when you know what you want from Brexit
Replying for Labour complains about the backstop, which Rachel Reeves has just said is a hard-Brexit Tory obsession
So, you know it’s a photoshop fib too. Why let truth get in the way of dogma, eh? As for ‘think carefully’, I thought this ran contrary to Brexit ethos - the same as using proper English language and grammar.
Jacob Rees-Mogg puts James O'Brien's remoaner superiority rhetoric to rights over #Brexit - LBC
Asia shares up on hopes for China stimulus, Brexit vote awaited
I’ve been editing #kungfu videos for 3 days now and I’ve become more delirious than usual. That and #brexit and #Trump’s Big Macs. Can’t wait to get back to the sanity of writing a #horrormovie
"A No-Deal Brexit? Leaders Are Alarmed; Voters, Not So Much" by ELLEN BARRY via NYT
DUP's Foster: Will not back present Brexit deal via ForexLive #forex #fx
"Brexit Vote: Parliament to Decide on E.U. Withdrawal Plan" by THE NEW YORK TIMES via NYT
May Faces Worst Government Defeat in 95 Years in Brexit Vote
Are Labour bluffing on Brexit or on the General Election? Or both? I’m not sure they really know. I fear they may have convinced themselves that their Brexit plan is far more credible and considered than it actually is.
Work-life balance.
Remain up 8, Leave up 2 - must be other down 10. "Don't knows" making up their minds when it comes to the crunch?
My mother in law is better than yours.
When this deal is voted down, let us not continue to flog this dead horse. Instead we must get brexit right and seize the opportunities before us
Those on the EU gravy train ask their leader to allow them to potentially remain on the EU gravy train. Quelle surprise. #brexit
They say cockroaches can survive an Apocalypse. Well if Theresa May is still Prime Minister this time next week, we'll know she isn't human. #Brexit
Most days I see howling errors in grammar and spelling. However, not only was I brought up by my parents to write good English I was also taught that pointing out others’ spelling mistakes and grammar was impolite. That said sure the OP would welcome positive examples of Brexit.
Sunderland Echo poll shows 70 per cent say Brexit should go ahead even without a deal with EU
#Brexit. No-one is in control of anything. Even the BBC can't rein in it's covertly pro Brexiteers correspondents. Shameful state of affairs.
ResFortnight: RT ResearchEurope: German universities back full UK access to EU’s Horizon Europe R&amp;D programme: #Brexit #HorizonEU #research
Geoffrey Cox attorney general is favourite for Bafta for his Commons Brexit performance, Royal Shakespeare company ?
“It would be sensible” for Vince Cable to retire. Andy McDonald is just politicking, and ignoring the Labour Party manifesto pledge to respect the ‘Leave’ vote. They are both just trying to drag things out in the hope of overturning a proper Brexit.
Europe can't even protect its self against an unarmed migrant invasion. #brexit
Prime Minister you look Knackered. May we suggest you relax after tonight’s vote with a listen to our lates podcast. #Brexit#Blues
Vote fails. Guffaws and cheers from Tory benches, as they celebrate the “end of the backstop”. Britain crashes out on 29 March. UK economy and society collapse. HMG goes on its knees to Brussels to beg for a deal. First demands from EU: “Agreement on backstop &amp; £39m owed please”
Bollox to Brexit
What a git!!!!!!!!
Disappoint? Disgust is the feeling that arises unavoidably.
New on the tutor2u Politics Blog: Brexit: Referendums - The Good, the Bad and the Ugly? #politicsteacher #politics #edexcelpolitics #alevelpolitics
Can't be a #PeoplesVote
Strong No Deal Granite Brexit needed.
#TheresaMay should go now.. Just Because #universalcredit #brexit #brexitshambles #nodealbrexit #cuts #satire #BrexitDeal #BrexitBetrayal #brexitvote 201 …
A CLEAN brexit is what was voted for
“She wants to make a point… Wants to show she did everything she could to stop Brexit… That one vote is not really going to make a difference.” Tory MP on Labour MP delaying child birth for Tue #Brexit vote #politicslive
Business leaders issue warning over impact of no-deal Brexit
Last Saturday in Ely with we filled TWO Brexitometers and ran out of stickers! Good conversations with both Remain &amp; Leave voters. More here in the from - Can please note the strength of feeling?
Now everyone: Pick up each item in your stockpile, and ask yourself "does this tin bring me joy?" #BrexitVote #BrexitShambles
Indeed, monologue after monologue. Even on those rare occasions he focuses on a topic unrelated to Brexit, he'll worm in a way to bring it back. Sure, I'm not part of his echo chamber, but other presenters can hold a differing view w/out it spoiling the listening experience.
are we all looking forward to the brexit allstars fuckorama royale tonight? gonna be a good one!
Enough of the side show Gavin, the big question on everyones lips: Will RTE's precious main evening news anchor be live outside Westminster in the cold and rain this time or will the younger pretender be holding the mic again? A nation awaits.. #rtenews #rtept #Brexit
You not have one every Sunday.... a full cooked brexit?!
Overseas maybe. Will we still have academics in the expert-free post-Brexit uplands?
I'm ready to serve lol , i need to get out more Quiz: how well have you been following Brexit?
And yet they are too cowardly to put a name to the article. Hopefully will piss off half their fans. I did note surprisingly that they were a brexit constituency (marginally).
Britain’s Economic Future Depends On Brexit
The strange passions of Brexit - why did the English vent their anger at Europe rather than Westminster? Insightful stuff from and from WATCH
This is brilliant #LUFC #SpyGate
Brexit
I thought the point in and a question and answer interview was to ask and let the interviewee respond, not interrupt constantly. Terrible hosting skills, this was like a pub discussion.
do you think May might do this (even in today's debate), &amp; if she did, what do you reckon her chance of winning her Deal would be tonight? It would "spike" Labour's Amendment &amp; might win enough Labour rebels to get the Deal over the line...
#British PM faces defeat in historic #Brexit deal vote #Britain #politics #diplomacy
#Brexit #Vote: #Parliament to decide on #E.U. withdrawal plan
Asia markets trade higher as investors wait on crucial Brexit vote #Jan15th
You are losing our Brexit! Two Priorities: 1 Do whatever it takes to leave on WTO terms or better on 29/3; 2 Judging by past form you will fail to get us out on 29/3 so please ensure that any people’s vote is a simple leave remain and we will #TellThemAgain #TTA
Watched this three times now. What are you on about? Looks like a few antifa are trying to have a row with a handful of Brexit protestors. You are basically lying. The only 'hate' is coming from you.
"Parliament to vote on May's Brexit deal"
Echoes what David Mundell told gms - not so meaningful vote after all as May's denial continues
what time is the brexit vote happening?
There will literally be uproar if Brexit doesn’t go ahead from over 17,000,000 people all because the remains wouldn’t take no for an answer
A Ref which should have been voided as Vote Leave broke electoral rules. Democracy means “ free and FAIR “ elections. What hypocrites you Brexiteers are #PeoplesVoteNow to Restore democracy.
Quiz: how well have you been following Brexit?
great article by Wolfgang Munchau in the FT about why it would be an own-goal for the EU to connive with the Remainers to reverse Brexit
Fred from First Dates doing the signing there
Remain or Leave? A Photographic Journey Through Brexit
Micheal Martin kicks off the first Leaders Questions of the new year and of course, the issue top of the agenda is Brexit
It's written into UK law with Royal Assent that we leave the EU 29th March with or without a deal. Brexit cannot be stopped. Whenever anyone tries to say this the presenter shuts them up. It should be all over the TV.
I’ve recently had my suspicions about JRM, but James did what he always does with callers he doesn’t agree with... he tried diverting onto other things, and getting all worked up trying to prove his own intelligence &amp; perspicacity. James did not come out well from this interview.
Here's a reminder for you. Only 37% of the electorate voted for Brexit (this at the height of the lies and fraud carried out by Leave campaign) - this equates to only 26% of population, a minority that has shrunk significantly since 2016. Brexit is dying a slow painful death.
Brexit Vote: Parliament to Decide on E.U. Withdrawal Plan
A joy to listen to her speak...
LIVE UPDATES: UK Parliament Set to Decide Fate of Theresa May’s Brexit Deal: via
Can't be a #PeoplesVote
Brexit amendment that might have limited PM's losses is rejected | guardian
Yes, he should have waited until after tonight at least. Even that would be foolish though as no one really wants to be in charge of Brexit. Better position would be to let things go wrong, stab May in the back, then take credit for 'sorting out' the mess.
...of course not. ;-))
I will never forget when I argued with this man and understood like 3 words he said.
May will do absolutely anything to maintain her grip on power. Which is why I remain confident that she will ultimately get Brexit cancelled, one way or another.
It now seems probable that there is insufficient time for May's Deal to pass all the needed processes before March 29 and a default no-deal Brexit.
Here you are David you will be able to read this
feeling a tad uncomfortable that I am literally going to be Morris dancing at the time of this evening's Brexit vote
a dance floor comment on Brexit
As we approach the Brexit vote tonight, with great trepidation, and our country's future hangs int he balance, I can't help being lifted by the joyous look on the face of as she gets ready for the fray. What a time to be doing a job like hers!
Give it up guys #GeneralElectionNow is the only way forward not a waste of time #PeoplesVote
Can someone smart explain to me what happens if majority votes against Theresa May's Brexit deal?
Who is going to negotiate, on both sides? Names please, not the usual daydreams!
Note to self, never be on the wrong side of Joanna Cherry. That woman is a force (to be reckoned with &amp; for good).
British MP delays giving birth by two days to vote against Brexit deal
Femi is always good value in highlighting the inherent absurdity of Brexit FoM issue.
On #Brexit the #Tory party are #Liars the #Labour party are #liars. THIS is what damages democracy NOT a #PeoplesVoteNow
Just to give everyone some perspective, our resident Google expert tells me an "alarming" number of people are still searching What Is Brexit?
WE WON THE WAR MAN. BREXIT MEANS FUCKING BREXIT
However, surely this does not apply to a red, white and blue brexit, does it?
Stocks tripped by earnings angst, sterling huddled for Brexit vote
***UNICORN KLAXON*** drops the U-bomb in #BrexitVote debate #Brexit #BrexitDeal
“The Government is the serpent of the people “ -Teresa May said earlier. The majority of people don’t want Brexit, let’s end the farce now! #brexit #brexshit #brexcrement #brexitdebate #brexitshambles
#DaybreakAmericas : Tell #SirBernardJenkins that taking credit for organizing The #Brexit campaign is laughable. That Referendum deadlocked. It failed. It's no wonder The UK is so totally divided &amp; confused on the issue!!
What a strange lady, if only these useless politicians focused on delivering Brexit, what the people voted for instead of trying to sabotage and delay in order to join their EU lefty elites. Liberal Democrats are history!
Never mind all this Brexit nonsense, do we all get to keep the £1 billion?
And the UK pantomime continues#brexit
Dow Dips, Bitcoin Clings to Gains as Tuesday Promises Volatility #Bitcoin #BitcoinPriceNews #Brexit #Constantinople #DowJones #Ethereum #EthereumNews #JPMorgan #News #StockNews
'Brexit and the Future of British Politics' Professor Roger Awan-Scully (Professor of Political Science, Cardiff University) is the guest lecturer at WEA Llanelli on Thursday, 17 January Selwyn Samuel Centre, Llanelli, SA15 3AE, at 7.30pm
Surely it has been the job of The EU negotiating team to frustrate Brexit
I thought the “Key Brexit Vote” happened like 2 years ago?
Still No Trades. Waiting On Brexit Vote. Staying On Sidelines Til Then. Next Update Tom Morning 10AM
Definition of insanity and all that...
more power to him! hope he makes the changes in EU he wants it sound good at first , problem is EU is a murderous nasty lot. to deal with ( Spain/catalonia, Brexit,).etc. etc.
FTSE 100 clings to gains as London investors await crucial Brexit vote
This is a very astute analysis of how the PM has got it all a wrong. All MPs should read this before this evening’s #Bexit vote. Only 2 sensible options: start again; or withdraw Article 50
"A No-Deal Brexit? Leaders Are Alarmed; Voters, Not So Much"
"Brexit Vote: Parliament to Decide on E.U. Withdrawal Plan"
Those on the EU gravy train ask their leader to allow them to potentially remain on the EU gravy train. Quelle surprise. #brexit
Loony at tonight! Better than staying in watching Brexit!
And of course you'd be right, can I just say that the same powers that are trying to derail Trump's populist agenda across the pond, is doing exactly the same with the Brexit. They don't like the Nation State, self governance and must have complete control #EuDictatorship
You can only have EU if Bercow is the referee. We can come back to Brexit in the future but we can't put our humpty dumpty political settlement back together again. Its been broken by cheats and liars Freedom March 29.
#Brexit as British see it, specially politicians: I want it all, I want it all, and I want it now. I want it all, I want it all, and I want it now.
Just a question has a PM ever been sectioned
I'm with the 'deep state' on this one.
Don’t worry, once Brexit kicks in you won’t need to worry about all that privacy regulation bollocks. Or food. Or water.
Trouble is, Crispin, we won’t save £39bn as that will be borrowed to pay off the EU. Are you suggesting we borrow it in the event of a no-deal brexit? Thought the Conservatives stood for economically austere policies. Only when it suits them it seems.
This would create a Constitutional crisis. The Remainers in the Labour Party will do its absolute power to undermined the democratic 2016 Referendum for its own ends.
Theresa May.. The politician Universal. my brexit hallelujah. #satire #universalcredit #dwp #esa #pips #disabilityhatecrime #toriesout #brexit #BrexitVote #BrexitBetrayal #BrexitChaos #BrexitDeal #brexitshambles
New post: Asia shares up on hopes for China stimulus, Brexit vote awaited
Brexit, UK goes commando.
I'm away to sort #Brexit out.. Smoke me a kipper!
As a Scot, I have had much sympathy for the Indy cause since the Tories used Scotland as a trial ground for the Poll Tax. Much of the SNP hostility results from our unionism, Brexit, and failure to be less radical than the SNP. We need to listen to the people there.
I disagree with you there. Before all of this malarkey she was remain. Her approach to this deal was very weak for God knows what reason. Under a different leader we would of had a better deal. I’m against Brexit anyway and this is everything I predicted
Let’s talk young people and politics event at our Youth Democracy Hub in YouthAction: Stormont, Brexit and Vote at 16 #youthnetworkforpeace
a dance floor comment on Brexit
Betty Boothroyd knows what she is talking about, great to hear such a great woman speak sense in this Brexit debacle
#Brexit and #Cyber threats main #risks to UK businesses in 2019, #cybercrime
Wish I could just go to sleep and wake up when Brexit is over. Whatever happens its going to cause so much mistrust and apathy toward politics that its going to take decades to repair. All this while David Cameron watches on eating organic lightly salted popcorn. What a twat.
Trump is calling for the US to pull out of NATO. The Russians are amassing an invasion force on the Ukraine border. I hope the Brits can see that Brexit is part of a systematic plan.
#BrexitVote is a numbers game &amp; there is no way any #Brexit deal will have any majority in the commons The only way forward is a #PeoplesVote It's the only way to move on from the current Westminster impasse
It’s the majority of MSM pundits that’ve kept this Shitshow of a Govt in power! Once upon a time,when we had decent journalism in this Country,this Govt would’ve fallen at #Grenfell tragedy,if not at #Windrush scandal! Instead one scandal after another has been allowed to ensue..
Do you have any concerns at all for jobs and the economy if we leave with no deal? I e mailed you over 6 months ago with my concerns, and asked you what the benefits of Brexit are, but still no reply. Not sure how you can just choose to ignore a constituent?
UK lawmakers expected to reject May Brexit deal
1979 Commons voted down Home Rule that Scottish referendum had voted FOR. 1997 referendums: May voted against devolution Scotland voted FOR. 2016 May govt used Brexit to undermine 1997 devolution settlement
Effie Samara: From Russia with Brexit Love In Opinion, argues that there is a good reason why Putin is telling May to “respect the will of the people” when it comes to #Brexit.
Brexit and Trump come from the same place. That's unpalatable to those who voted for something better, but it's true.
Britain's May faces defeat in parliament over Brexit plan
"We will not reopen the withdrawal agreement." Austrian chancellor says the UK will be in a "difficult position" if the Commons votes against Theresa May's #Brexit deal. #Brexitvote
Another, logical thread on the GDP impact after any no deal Brexit:
A resounding thumbs-down awaits British PM in historic Brexit deal vote
It's elective you utter tool. The Brit alt-right get trumpier and trumpier by the day.
What is Labour's position on brexit?
Looking forward to the implosion of this 'government'
It's a scheduled caesarean.
Preparing for the worst: #Britons stockpile #food in case #Brexit causes shortages | CBC News
U.K. Government couldn’t have done a worse job of Brexit if they tried.
Oh for the love of God
Well said
Ah perhaps , but you’re not playing the martyr to gain kudos with 22,000 immigrants in your constituency are you? So thwarting the will of the people may get her re-elected. I’d rather she was de-selected. #Brexit #NoDealBrexit
Open link: Jo, head of #BackTo60, in London today, outside Parliament, on the day the Brexit vote FINALLY takes place, flying the flag for we 1950s women, keeping us in 'the picture', as News Crews are all over...
Guy who thinks brexit is "cool" totally won't ruin Canada's economy. No sir.
Squeaky bum time ??
Asian shares on defensive, sterling braces for Brexit vote
EU confirms no UK MEPs means default Brexit 2 July latest. New referendum ruled out by timescale - only a General Election can sort out Tory Brexit chaos via
If you're an advocate of no deal Brexit, you don't understand no deal Brexit.
Remove Bercow. This should have been done as soon as he displayed that sticker in his car . BOLLxox to Brexit he is supposed to be impartial.
BREAKING: Independent UK Trade Policy Observatory estimates that 744,850 Jobs will be lost on the UK mainland should Britain leave the EU without a deal
A No-Deal Brexit? Leaders Are Alarmed; Voters, Not So Much by ELLEN BARRY
An interesting commentary *in German* from via IMO: the negotiations between #UK &amp; #EU and the ongoing domestic disputes should serve as an example (whether in a good or bad way) to every eurosceptic and populistic party. #BrexitVote #BrexitDeal
Brexit Vote: Parliament to Decide on E.U. Withdrawal Plan by THE NEW YORK TIMES
Preparing for the worst: #Britons stockpile #food in case #Brexit causes shortages | CBC News
Ask a true leader you don't need fear Please May go ahead and do what is the best for the country
Once BREXIT is successful and we exit under WTO March 29, 2019 then I think the Govt should intro legislation for national referendum on immigration, foreign aid, social services, UK members, Police, armed forces&amp; Vets, NHS org. housing- turn Britain around! Better times ahead!
Will Britain leave the EU on March 29? Diplomats on both sides are presuming Brexit won't happen as planned
Every thing that's wrong with Brexit in a single image
Die Zeit view of the Portsmouth Wetherspoons debate. The Translate button works well.
'No deal' #Brexit supporters seem to think that means no £39billion for #EU but I suspect not so simple, probably legally binding agreements involved
Daniel, that's exactly what you did in the referendum, You promised everything to everyone, that Brexit would solve everyone's problems. Now it has all unravelled and Vote Leave is exposed for the patronising liars they are, you can't claim the moral high ground. This is on you.
Why would 2.5 years have any bearing on how bumpy it will be? It’s arguable that it has taken has allowed relative stability. On what basis would no deal (WTO is misleading) be the best Brexit? Do you have any experience of international trade?
It's so nice you're quoting from Breitbart. we all know Steve Bannon is still key in this Trump presidency debacle as in the brexit debacle
This twerp's Twitter account does rather suggest he'd probably have been one of Quisling's supporters in wartime Norway
nytimes: Your daily Briefing: • Global growth in 2019: 'Less strong and less synchronized' • Britain's Brexit vote • The steel industry is under pressure
~ after which she will resign, if there is a God.
a dance floor comment on Brexit
It's not a people's vote if it includes remain you sad little girl. The vote can only be brexit with a deal or brexit without a deal nice try though. Sad sad sky.
nytimes: The debate around Britain's withdrawal from the EU has been long, repetitive, emotional and sometimes vicious. Here's a photographic journey through Brexit.
The many hundreds of local pro-EU groups across the UK, must rapidly set themselves up as organisational hubs to enable the UK's #Remain majority, to wage peaceful civil resistance against Brexit.
So Brexit is about to cause major problems for the City of London? I thought that would take a revolution....
They balanced it by interviewing only pro Brexit Brits
May’s only path is to revoke Article 50 and ditch Brexit
Selbstverständlich soll #DE nicht vermitteln The #Brexit ers had their chance 2get rational They mocked at #EU27 so now they shld get what they longed for a #NoDealBrexit
Brexit vote D-Day as May faces defeat and a vote of no confidence #news #things #dailymail #feed
What’s Brexit!!!!
Big fan of Nick Thomas-Symonds. Cracking slap down of Gove there! Wouldn't mind seeing those two doing PMQs one day. Only one winner. #brexit
#brexit #batman #ukpolitics #TheresaMaysDeal #brussels #eu #Comments #drawing #art #DealOrNoDeal #tv #cartoon Add comment - best one becomes the caption
Damn Brexit. This lovely song's chorus will always be #BrexitLand and not #BedsitLand to me from now on.
Would you please be quiet! I want to hear more about this #Brexit business!
Is that the same lad who invested millions in EU straight after Brexit referendum?
#Brexit: MPs to vote on 'right to terminate' Irish backstop after speaker selects amendments to tonight's vote on May's deal
The Dream Team, eh?
'hard Brexiteers are weakening #NATO' Amid Brexit's social and economic chaos, one must keep a charitable thought for NATO. Globalist demagogues prefer to feed the military beast, not the poor who didn't elect it. That's what caused #Brexit. h/t
“Let us therefore brace ourselves to our commitments of 2016, and so bear ourselves that if freedom from the EU lasts for a thousand years, men will still say, 'This was Brexit's finest hour.” #BrexitVote
What do you get if you put together a meaningful vote, , , and a big bowl of tweets about #Brexit? A great video, obviously!
Election irrelevant just now. Tories must not be let off the hook. Or is Labour so masochistic it wants to be left to clear up all this chaos?
I Hope we voters get to find out you will vote against the Brexit Deal this evening ? name and shame party MPs
That would be valid if this WA was consistent with a proper Brexit. It is not.
Brexit vote: Lawmakers expected to reject Theresa May's EU exit plan #UTBreakingNews
The Mogg is on good form, as usual - O'Brien being his usual obnoxious self - O'Brien's Unmissable Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote - LBC
Hi , will I still be able to stream my favourite shows and movies on your wonderful service after #Brexit ?
Interesting flow chart. Amusingly, they can see no way that May's deal passes in its current form. 14% of possible outcomes lead to a second referendum, 28% lead to TM resigning, 14% to no deal, and 20% for a general electon.
Or a ‘clean’ Brexit?
You just know #Brexit is a mess when a group of European MEPs from all sides say it as it is unlike the PM &amp; the leader of the opposition despite knowing full well they may have to put up for Farage's nonsense #BrexitVote #BrexitChaos #PeoplesVote #Europe
The DWP used Brexit to sneak out another benefit cut. By
BBC World News on 47 for today to cover brexit and other news. CBC News Net going on 37. 33/126/127 for US News Sources as usual.
#Britain #parliament is debating whether to support Prime Minister #Brexit deal, a decision which will define Britain’s departure from the #EuropeanUnion and set the course for the country’s economy. #MNA_English #MNA #Anglophones
And if the deal fails, at should, Labour will again call for a vote of no confidence in government which will fail if Tory/DUP can still get a WTO Brexit. May ought to resign but will probably hang on... much uncertainty
Lads, if you're getting wound up about a razor commercial there's something seriously amiss. Also, if there's a no-deal Brexit, it's moot. We'll be shaving using sharpened slate by cold streams. Would that make you feel more manly?
O'Brien blocked me, after I called him out on yet another load of b*****s.
Don't remind me of Brexit,especially today! The whole of the airwaves is SATURATED by Brexit News.
is right here but misses the key point - Is there a big enough chunk of UK population in favour of #brexit *whatever it’s form*? That is the key issue If there is, than Brexit is possible but should be honestly explained. If there isn’t, it should be cancelled.
Tonight the ERG could kill of Brexit for good you couldn’t make it up #BackTheBrexitDeal
Tonight the ERG could kill of Brexit for good you couldn’t make it up #BackTheBrexitDeal
The #Backstop will only be put in place if the UK &amp; EU cannot agree a customs deal and without a Customs deal a hard border would have to be put in place to check goods . What part of that does she NOT understand #Brexit
Arlene must have a different definition for hard. I think she may find it easy to be difficult, either that or she thinks we are soft.
Fortunately, the whole Brexit thing has been completely gentlemanly and civil. We must be grateful. Was he not in tears over the contempt of parliament vote?
No-deal Brexit: British expats in EU may have to retake driving tests if UK leaves without deal
I added a video to a playlist Brexit Deal or No Deal - today's the day!
"MPs decided to unite on Brexit due to a football team currently sitting 13th in the National League demanding that they get on with it". #BrexitVote
‘Crashing out is not an option’, mayor warns ahead of Brexit vote
How dare this man say that those who support Brexit are playing with peoples lives In fact if true Brexit had been delivered people's lives would better.
Attorney General Geoffrey Cox having to turn and address his own benches as much as the opposition #Brexit
Bond Report: Treasury yields retreat amid Brexit jitters
Breakfast: Delicious. Brexit: Like eating a turd sandwich.
Labour are the establishment hence all those labour socialists wrapped in ermine. Corbyn will do what the party tells him See trident renewal amd brexit for proof of that.
Brexit purity signalling, combined with the desire to have anther stick with which to beat the Speaker.
Hard brexit was the original idea But it's stupid because an idiot made it up and was proven to be all lies.. And remainers didn't vote for half in half out across Scotland, Ireland and Wales etc.
So if they don’t get the result they want in the democratic vote they’ll just ... keep voting? Interesting.
your post Brexit Europe article by Helen Thompson is brilliantly informative. I can't see it posted or I would have shared!
A reminder that minute to minute movements in markets are meaningless when BrExit was a decision for the next 40 years. A reminder too that a high £ is bad for UK exporters and UK jobs and only good for people with excess wealth from exploiting the British people.
Betty Boothroyd is the wisest of women and the best role model anyone could have.
based on corruption ..lies and self preservation of the elite who have as I type still pulling business and financial acumen to EUROPEAN sites . Brexit is a lie
Stick your talks. We will talk after Brexit. Then you can be 'sensible'.
Definitely will and do to brexit fruit pickers are not coming anymore and last summer fruits was getting rotten nobody to pick it up and after brexit EU subsidies will finish but then many farmers voted Out . They should think before voting
James O'Brien's Unmissable Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote
What is this Putin line from Brexit?
House of Commons Speaker Bercow selects 4 amendments for Parliament to vote on, meaning the key vote on May’s Brexit deal will come at about 8 pm London time #tictocnews
I fear this is being done more for effect than necessity.
If there’s got to be a 2nd referendum there should be two questions, 1/ Accept Deal? Or 2/ Leave the EU on W.T.O Terms? The 1st Referendum decided the main question of Leave or Stay in the EU! #BREXIT
Some of the most successful socialist institutions have been built during times of economic difficulty and been built by countries with economies far smaller than ours - or even what our economy projects to be post-Brexit. After WW2 the economy was in bits. We built the NHS.
EVENT TODAY: event "Global Britain: Myths, Reality and Post-Brexit Foreign Policy". Although this event is fully booked the audio recording will be available shortly after #thinktanks
Let me put it another way: your Brexit “reality” isn’t shared by most Leavers, who’d bristle as much as you at what you shared. Leavers voted for a myriad of fundamentally important reasons. Wanting to regain sovereign powers and more direct control by voters is not “extreme”.
TM’s deal will be voted down comprehensively without a doubt, but what happens next will be a trip into the unknown!
Amidst the current #investment boom, #COP24 and #Brexit, the fine and speciality chemicals industry awaits their annual get-together at 2019 to discuss the latest #marketTrends, technical #innovations and #businessopportunities
Brexit deal vote expected around 2000 GMT after vote on four amendments
brexit confessional - i don't.........understand.....
Dark clouds on the horizon for Trudeau!
Pretty good thread this. Read back up, going nearly two years now. UK politics written from fictional foreign correspondent POV Here's his blog on its starting point:
1:42 London after #Brexit YES I KNOW LETS JUST BE HAPPY WITH THE TRAILER #SpiderManFarFromeHome
Forget Brexit. For Maggie Walker this is the crisis of our time! (Local m and S closing)
Growing panic among the Brexidiocy. Douglas want to shut down Parliament until after Brexit. I wonder why?
BREXIT Day
SACK BERCOW FOR BRINGING HIS OFFICE INTO DISREPUTE BREXIT WRECKING! Theresa May’s deal dealt fresh blow as Bercow blocks key amendments
Eurogroup chief sees room for more talks to avoid hard Brexit
Brexit amendment that might have limited PM's losses is rejected
Thank you for doing the right thing. In these times when the 1% are using racism to divide and conquer the public, it is important to remove hateful symbols. The world needs unity to overcome the rise of reactionary nationalism: Brexit, yellow shirts, Bolsanaro, our own disgrace.
#StockNews Don’t blame Brexit for UK wobbles, says ‘Mr Copper’
UK’s May to persist with current Brexit deal regardless of defeat: Sun - CreaWorldNews -
Immigrants are more productive than native Brits.
I have been boycotting Wetherspoons for the last two and a half years. The same as I will not buy a Dyson product out of principle. I’m sure I’ll add more Brexit products/producers to my black list.
LIVE: PM vows to respond 'quickly' as she faces huge Brexit deal defeat
The Tories and Labour, plus parliament are not pro Brexit and that's the problem here .
As mentioned elsewhere last week, Brexit is just a fig leaf for the rise of the authoritarian far right in this country. Except the more they realise they're not getting their way, the angrier they get and the more the fig leaf slips.
Sounds like the brexit negotiations
At this point regarding #brexit I'm dangerously close to going "just LEAVE already". All the lies, the misconceptions regarding the EU, the CJEU (how the fuck can u have an internal market without0 a body interpreting common rules? goddamn its annoying. Bye UK.
#brexit in a nutshell. Its let's the loons dictate the agenda
#Brexit #MeaningfulVoteUpcoming @ BBC News - Brexit: Theresa May faces 'meaningful vote' on her deal
Translation: MEP’s pen letter urging Britain to reverse Brexit decision to protect their salaries &amp; expense accounts!!!
It’s very good - I’m off to see the Favourite - desperately need some amusement! Missing Brexit stuff and playing Blackburn. Double win!!
Government ‘sneaks out’ £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote
And here a podcast about #Brexit in English: Brits living in Germany tell their experiences about what it’s like to become German, what they think about nationalisms these days and what myths can be left behind.
Why does this minor backbench and Tory lite MP get so much coverage?
Government 'sneaks out' £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote - The Independent. Can they really sink any lower.
A must watch. A first. Finally someone, , interviews interviews chalk-stripe-suited fascist without feeling the need to bow and scrape to him and Rees Mogg falls apart like a cheap suit. #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Dreadful you are having all this ugliness vomited into your timeline. #Brexit really has opened up a sewer of racism and hate.
Live | Brexit withdrawal deal debate &amp; Meaningful Vote via | #brexitdeal #brexit #scotref #indyref2 #brexitvote #brexit
Such a facile point. People voted for myriad reasons, and if they expected even a little of what the Leave campaigns told them then they did vote for B. Truth is there are many kinds of Brexit. So we leave it to Parliament to try and decide on its nature.
Brexit news latest: May’s Brexit deal dealt fresh blow as Bercow blocks key amendment | Politics | News |
And here's the Bollox to Brexit video featuring you on vocals lol :-)
A term limit on the Irish backstop or not invoke it at all is the way forward to get the UK Parliament to pass the transition agreement for #brexit
Meet The New Brexit 'Doomsday Preppers': Housewives Stockpiling Food And Medicine
Cliff Taylor: Brexit can go one of three ways for Ireland via
British Prime Minister faces defeat in historic Brexit deal vote
And no, I wasn't referring to the "Blairites". I'm referring to that part of Labour which seems to embrace Brexit in the same way as those on the right of the Tory party. It beggars belief to me that any in Labour think Brexit a good thing, given who promotes it.
Cabinet Source: May Could Resign if She Suffers Heavy Brexit Vote Defeat
Can BREXIT cause disintegration of EU?
NOW: speaks with Gregory Katz of on Brexit vote. #BusinessNightly
Abso-bloody-lutely!
Maybe she's secretly a brexit supporter, she deliberately come up with a deal everyone hates so she can time waste in parliament. Then when 29th march comes around she goes "oh dear we ran out of time, " and we leave on WTO terms
Europe plays waiting game as events in London unfold
most of what JRM says is rubbish; the only thing I would trust him with is where to put my money after brexit; Ireland!
Just spotted pro #Brexit demonstrators outside #UKParliament wearing #Trump2020 tshirts.
I am watching news all the time but I'm no further forward. Am I a dimwit don't think so. I did smile when a bus passed The Green with the slogan bollocks to brexit
This is the foulest sort of journalism from . Falsely claiming Britain ‘stood alone’, and using a global conflict with millions of deaths to make a specious argument about #Brexit. #FakeNews #DailyFail
Does realise that Labour voters are overwhelmingly pro remain? Do you not realise that Corbyn’s proposals actually offer a softer brexit than May’s? Time to come clean now.
Even if Brexit doesn't go ahead, I'll always be mad about it. From 23 to 26 ("the prime of my life") I've spent a LOT of time worrying about my future, all because a tiny majority of people listened to a fucking bus. Nothing can make up for those three years of anxiety.
And the EU Court of Justice - how is it tied to EU Membership and what relationship/oversight will it have or what recourse of U.K. bodies to it post any kind o Brexit?
Facts ladies and gentlemen.
Anyone who feels sympathy for needs to read this powerful article immediately!
Hard Brexit to hit Danish bacon, butter exports to Britain - OECD
Stratford Politics Update is out! #brexitvote #brexit
I've started checking in every day too. SO much better than watching Brexit and Trump TV.
Brexit: John Bercow outlines amendments for meaningful vote
Health Secretary wore Union flag socks to Commons #Health Questions today. Shadow Health Secretary said of a potential no-deal #Brexit: "This is going to be the biggest disruption to patient safety we have ever seen."
Today’s Twitter is Razor Blades, Burgers and Brexit. Would you like to see the whine list?
Maybe some may want a rethink......
When May loses today, and doesn’t resign, it will be but a raindrop in the constitutional storm engulfing the UK. The solution isn’t Brexit. It’s becoming a modern democracy. Here’s how:
New: Effie Samara: From Russia with Brexit Love
slapped down by Shadow Solicitor General. Wonder what promised Mr Gove in order for him to make a u-turn on #Brexit #Leave ? May be he's still eyeing her job? ...
I don't think a second referendum is a good idea, but what is equally as risky is hoping that Brexit will act as a catalyst for change. Leaving the EU will not suddenly make Westminster re-distribute wealth. Tory austerity has created an unfair society, not EU Membership.
Brexit deal: the end of a loveless 46-year marriage
This is the perfect example of how journalists should hold politicians to account.
You could have elected a UKIP government in any general election. How many MPs did they have at their peak? If we go ahead with Brexit the elderly, poor and the sick will be hit soonest and hardest, as they always are. Fewer doctors, fewer nurses, more expensive food &amp; heating.
When your policy includes assurances that there will be “enough calories to survive,” something has gone awfully astray. #brexit
May faces vote on her Brexit deal: Live updates
The answers would be funny if it wasn't so serious... #brexitshambles
Bravura performance from the attorney general - persuasive, pragmatic... that there was more of this in British politics #Brexit
Research predicts Theresa May’s Brexit bill will suffer biggest government defeat EVER
Super distracted by #brexit today. Can you tell??
Brexit means....
British Prime Minister Theresa May has offered parliament greater oversight of this so-called backstop and EU leaders have also given written assurances that the arrangement would not become permanent: Report
‘Start Here’: Shutdown, Steve King, Brexit. What you need to know to start your day.
I hate #TheresaMay's blind #Brexit, but Leavers seem to hate it more than I do! What bright spark has managed to convince May that ramming down the British people's throats something virtually all of them hate is somehow a good idea?
Astonishingly, May didn't even ask the EU to remove Backstop! She's Machiavellian, she set up a Brexit Dept with Leaver, David Davis, while clandestinely had a "Remainer" Civil Servant working on his deal! Davis was just 4 show &amp; sidelined which resulted in his resignation!
Oh of course there are FTAs, including many existing or pending EU ones that the UK will be thrown out of on No Deal, that reduce many tariffs to very low levels. The EU in fact signs more trade deals than anyone else. But (by definition) on a No Deal Brexit there will be no FTA
And so they should. The deal utterly shafts NI
‘Start Here’: Shutdown, Steve King, Brexit. What you need to know to start your day.
Could no-deal Brexit lead to loo roll logjam? The Confederation of Paper Industries says it is concerned about the potential for delays if the UK does not achieve a trade deal over over Brexit. Guiseppe Munarie is country opera... #bigdata #data #business
The Dutch love to plan. But even they may not be able to avoid the chaos of a no-deal Brexit.
Soutiam Goodazi: For the sake of my generation, Parliament must deliver Brexit
Just an aside: Is Brexit democratic at all? Democracy literally means power of the people, so any attempt to limit powers held by UK citizens (e.g. the right to participate in elections to a parliament giving them a voice across 28 countries) is hardly democratic is it?
We need to stop any kind of Brexit fast before more jobs, businesses and EU citizens abandon the UK #RevokeArticle50
Both the UK and Irish governments have stated they will never be a customs border on the island of Eire. A tax and VAT border already exists. More than 50% of the UK trade already happens under #WTO rules. #Brexit #GoWTO #UFT
Berlin must get real and prepare to renegotiate otherwise it could be a hard Brexit
#Brexit #Mayday Crushing: &lt; 100 Humiliating: 100-200 Shattering: &gt; 200
A visual depiction of how Brexit is swirling around in the minds of the British public.
THR: Cabinet Source: May Could Resign if She Suffers Heavy Brexit Vote Defeat (BB)
If you genuinely cared about people, you wouldn't be backing Brexit. As it is, your tweet is just whatever the opposite of virtue signalling is
Warnock’s rant and now this. They’ll need to work it into at this rate. “Ask chairman to release a statement on Brexit”
No rock or hard place, Wes. Your party has been paralysed by a leadership more concerned with baiting Jews and supporting brutal genocidal maniacs than doing anything about Brexit. And you continue to prop it up. It’s a disgrace. You’re complicit.
Potential economic, market impact ahead: "Brexit Vote: Parliament to Decide on E.U. Withdrawal Plan"
As brilliant as ever. Nobody in the UK sees Brexit so clearly.
Meet The New Brexit 'Doomsday Preppers': Housewives Stockpiling Food And Medicine
But what does a GE solve? Both parties are pretty much neck and neck, both offer Brexit. We will just end up where we are now.
Yes, the words "long" and "repetitive" do come to mind + we Yankees have such a short attention span. Now back to the Kardashians (sp?) ;-)
I'm waiting for tonight's commons' vote with all the eagerness and restlessness of a child waiting for Santa Claus. This won't be the night that #Brexit died (that happened after the 2017 general election) but it will be the night when all hope of resurrection evaporated.
Tonight on the #F24Debate, UK #Brexit, as Theresa #May attempts to get her #BrexitDeal pushed through Parliament, the #F24Debate asks what are the possible scenarios?
Would a vote against the #BrexitDeal be as #May stated a 'subversion of democracy? Or is the British Prime Minister trying to hold #Parliament hostage? #Brexit #F24Debate
"I led Isildur into the heart of Mount Doom, where the Ring was forged, the one place it could be destroyed." #MeaningfulVote #BrexitVote
Reports suggest that Theresa #May could lose by over 200 votes, if this is true, is May still fit to be British Prime Minister? Or will #Corbyn get his way and finally oust May through a vote of no confidence? #Brexit #F24Debate
One of our Brexit experts, from , will be on tomorrow morning from 7:30am to discuss Brexit and the outcome of the meaningful vote. Listen here tomorrow:
This is appalling &amp; she should apologise.
Dollar slips on rate view, sterling firms before Brexit vote
We haven't got any employees based In London, all of the team are based in Berlin and Kraków. I don't really envisage Brexit having much impact for our business.
Absolutely incandescent with rage when I realised this piece of sh*t #Wetherspoon propagnda rag for no-deal Brexit, cheap cider &amp; English nationalism came thro my letterbox in Glasgow today #TimMartin please don't my darken my doorstep with this kind of deceitful crap EVER again
He means a real #Brexit
#Brexit , as dull as a TV soap, or like a Carry-On movie but without any laughs. I feel for you two out there freezing your do-dahs off. Hoping you've got a little 'Wine Down Friday' whiskey bottle hidden up your sleeve, you're gonna need it.
oh good this is very good and also not disturbing
Agree totally with Kate, well dare those twits in Parliament thwart the will of the people!!
This liar is going against the will of the people in the north.
For London, Liverpool, Manchester, Newcastle &amp; their surrounding communities, a no-deal Brexit would be an economic disaster. That's why, together with , &amp; , I am urging the PM today to take No Deal off the table.
And I studied British law, WTO and trade law, Dutch law, EU taxation, EU law so yeah.. the LIES are frustrating as fuck.
Strange how people from across the world recognise the same problems and just want their country back. The #UK must leave the #EU end of March, no ifs, no buts, no extentions or exceptions. #DissolveTheUnion #leave #LeaveMeansLeave #brexit #USA #MAGA #MSGA #indyref2 #INDYREF
Are you ready for the #Brexit deal vote!? Access rates and live streaming prices from your mobile device with Trading Station for iOS and Android. 78.58% of retail CFD accounts lose money
They have not been hard on the causes of Brexit in England. We are in a terrible state infrastructure wise. Brexit is about getting rid of the Tory Party forever. Will you bear with us until this is achieved?
What will the British parliament react to on brexit deal?
The same change buhari came with.
Jeff besos is single and there's a brexit movie, can this year get any better?
Trends are like trains.
Ode to Brexit Shut up! ~ Les Floyd #BrexitVote
May Delays Brexit Vote Until 30th Of February
A People's Vote would achieve nothing in terms of resolving anything at all, including Brexit, and the result would also be a Tory government. So what's your solution?
you claim to be better civilized than us yet u suffer your share of attacks more than us &amp; r on the brink of internal civil war due to brexit n yet u claim to be better than us.. c'mon grow up or at least try n pretend
I thought I understood the British constitution; I guess I don't. If the government loses a vote in Parliament on their major policy initiative, why are they not obliged to resign? - Brexit: Theresa May faces 'meaningful vote' on her deal
David Davis said nations 'aren't democracies' if they can't change their mind. Now he says 'there's no going back' on Brexit
She should have: A -carried out extensive research of what Brexit meant to the people. B -been absolutely open about the options &amp; discussions she was having with EU. C. -put together a cross-party group to negotiate Brexit. D. Been honest about her position as a remainer.
I liked a video MPs debate Theresa May's Brexit deal ahead of vote
Let us know when you figure it out... Similarly assuming that the Brexit deal is similar to a riddle!
Final debate on Brexit live.
funny old world when the greens are backing the EU's line on free movement of capital.
Home Office to extend trial of post-Brexit registration system
Voting against Brexit deal could lead to united Ireland, warns PM May
. Kettle &amp; Teapot syndrome . Rehab is required ! .
Jacob Rees-Mogg's father wrote a book about making a financial killing out of collapsing the UK economy, like he is trying to do with a hard Brexit … … … … … … … … #BrexitVote
Badenoch's credibility has collapsed, in my estimation. To suggest that a 'compromise' Brexit (which puts us in a worse position than before!) "delivers what was voted for". No one voted Leave 'as long as we stay attached to the EU, still under their rules'. No Deal it has to be!
I have got to give it to Lady Silivia Hermon, she seems to be the only person in the Hoc who is actually standing up for the people and saying what we all feel about brexit and the backstop. More people like her please to stand up for the people of NI.
At least Brexit is something that will affect us in many ways, this simply won't.
Give the people a vote. Brexit is a crime in progress. A product of espionage.
If the price of no brexit were 5yrs of Corbyn as PM then although high it's a price I would pay. That's the ONLY reason I'd vote for Corbyn - plus I think there are enough sensible politicians in the Labour party to maintain some control in the absence of a proper leader.
Disagree entirely. Recall George Osborne at the Treasury warning #Brexit vote would spark recession? Bank of England appalling propaganda? Is it okay if the deceit favours #Remain ? #Channel4News made same mistake as you in their youth debate, MANY dynamic youth support #Brexit
Don't worry Brits the NBA has sent proper entertainment to distract you from the Brexit vote. The two high-quality teams ready to do battle are *looks at notes* the Washington Wizards and New York Knicks?
The latest The European Union Daily News ! Thanks to #eu #brexit
TV: Geoffrey Cox opening the Brexit debate for the government. Radio 4 announcer: "Time for #TheArchers, and... has anyone seen Jennifer's ladders?" *mutes the TV*
Brexit provides the UK with so many opportunities. Let's not waste it #LetsGoWTO
If you are unhappy with politicians going back on their word then you’ll have to take direct action too. If you do not then don’t be surprised when the establishment stitch you up over your Brexit victory and ignore the result of the referendum. Democracy is an illusion
Odd he and May didn't see 13/07/06 that way and just a route to Brexit MP's and legals… Who tried to kill Britannia?
Don't worry about Brexit. It own't matter in the long run: "If Trump fears he will have to make a personal sacrifice, he will sacrifice the world instead." Sarah Kendzior #BrexitVote
Go figure.
I'm not sure she was trying to lose but I think it's entirely possible she was playing for the draw: "I wanted to give you real Brexit but I just couldn't get it through the House"
Another disingenuous verbal foray from May. More proof of your dogged resilience in getting clarity through the miasma of Brexit obfuscation.
Reuters: Britain's May says she will respond quickly after key Brexit vote
Brexit news: Germany urges EU to find a 'better solution' amid threat to May's deal | UK | News |
this is brilliant
Quisling. Is it also possible to have half a knighthood?
Should be on a loop.
So cynical..
No, MPs have a duty to do their best by their constituents and the country, above all else. I would be proud to have as my MP, as she is standing up for what she believes is the right thing in the long term, and not blindly enacting a terrible Brexit on our nation.
Split screening - what a day ... #brexit
Is this a spoof? I have heard some Remoaners don't think EU has failed, despite 25 of EU27 having lower global economic rankings than when they joined. Been listening to 's Big Lies? Brexit is global, not stuck inside low growth, restrictive, expensive EU.
Rachael_SwindonRT LabourLeft: ‘How Theresa May’s Brexit deal was killed off by her own incompetence’ ‘A better leader willing to bridge the two sides of the referendum could have avoided the prime minister’s catalogue of errors’
Brexit means Brexit.
Given how popular the discussion around fishing is in parliament over brexit you'd think that it was a major constituent of the UK's GDP rather than the less than .5% that it is.
Live Brexit debat
May is up for Massive Brexit Defeat - But What Next?! via
BREXIT WRECKING! Theresa May’s deal dealt fresh blow as Bercow blocks key amendments
Oh give it a rest . Brexit is bad for every one . Giving us a free trade is bad for the EU also . Thanks to people like you everyone will be worse off including us . You are costing us our EU export business built up over many years. Going into EU
Let’s see what comes out of it #brexit
Completely wrong, the man is articulate and intellectual and although his views on brexit may not be to the taste of everyone he deserves far more respect when being interviewed than that shown by James O'Brien.
If no deal leads to Scottish Independence, then I'm all for it.
This is a vision of a post #Brexit future. If you want a Krispie Kreme you need to fight with guns.
New post (LONDON | The Latest: Lawmakers to get chance to amend Brexit deal) has been published on FeedPublish -
I will #Design #Modern #Minimalist #Logo with in 24 hours at for $5 on Fiverr.
fuck this brexit shite where’s indy ref 2
A rise in party membership yes but actual party feeling, on all available evidence, is hostile to any Brexit. I worry less about Tories' reliance on Ulster headbangers than about the party I've always voted for ignoring the fraud &amp; lies that won the vote and failing to oppose
Final debate on Brexit live.
Please don't remind them about the British Bill of Rights. Brexit is enough upheaval.
Eddie Marsan (working class lad) says Jeremy Corbyn (ahem) is betraying working class people with his support for Brexit
No, I didn't say Brexit was unachievable, I said that the promises on which it was sold to the public were unachievable.
Meaningful vote on #Brexit deal today. This is the thread to watch.
a dance floor comment on Brexit
Brexit vote: 3 reasons why investors outside of the U.K. should care
Government 'sneaks out' £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote
Interesting that the Brexit vote story is almost hidden away on left!
Donald Trump thinks that Brexit is an early morning meal at a truck stop.
The latest News RoundUp! #ajopinion #brexit
"so what happened to Brexit, Mamma?"
Yes piss off
House of liars Remoaners are so happy chequers deal is going to be presented as gives parliament a chance to delay and stop brexit Remoaners are also wrong we did not vote for a single deal =Remoaners deal is a soft option and reason they require one hahaha boll9x to remain
See my previous Brexit post.
Yes, it's very likely for the UK to remain a second referendum will have to come first - that's obvious to all. However, a second referendum doesn't necessarily people will vote remain... Unless you have (unlike most of the political commentariate) garnered Brexit clairvoyance.
Brexit: EU chiefs 'not in position' to amend agreement
Hearing are releasing their Brexit statement at 3pm.
A stonking essay to follow up the 5 days of black slapstick from Joe Blob. The people speak, yet no one listens. We are poorly led by ideologues with “Progressive Liberal” mindsets. The future is small &amp; in front of us. I wish Remainers and the blinkered Left/Right could see it.
An idiot talking
If it's anything like Brexit, it'll probably do this...
This interview is the most amazing journalistic fight for the truth. I want this kind of quizzing of our leaders.
Brexit, Steve King, Carol Channing: Your Tuesday Briefing
What will happen in a no deal Brexit?
In 2019, Time better make Vladimir Putin the person of the year. The has done more to affect the world than anyone else. If you wanted to reduce the power of NATO, #Brexit and #TrumpRussia were not only cheap but also genius moves. Well played Vlad, well played.
Today's #BrexitVote failure will adversely affect the #prosperity in #Britain.
The word “no deal brexit” is semantics designed to hide a “real deal” WTO, 25 years in place, legally enforceable and already signed by UK and EU ..... plus every major trading nation. IT IS MAYS DEAL THAT IS “NO DEAL”. After the 29th of March exit we have forever to negotiate!
Corbyn, He'll deliver a really Unicorns leaping Brexit!!
My position isn't as b&amp;w as it was. I voted Remain &amp; I'm not sure I would definitely choose Remain if could get Corbyn govt. I could support his deal. If Tories called a referendum tho, I'd choose Remain over their Brexit options. So dont assume. I was asking what you thought tho
Given that every Brexit politician has lied repeatedly to the electorate (Don't believe me? Do a quick Google search), how come we haven't heard any apologies? Or have I missed them?
Disgusting comment to make! #NastyParty
Cabinet Source: May Could Resign if She Suffers Heavy Brexit Vote Defeat
Interested in the longterm trends of support for the different political parties in the #UK? On we track all polls in our poll of polls for each country. The public opinion regarding #Brexit is also available on #BrexitVote
Britons are confused between pride and purse..and between honor and hunger..#Brexit ...
everything you've said in this speech is what I've been desperately wanting to say for the last two years, you've earned my respect with this speech sir!
Who are the Institute for Gov?
THIS is the brexit truth the DEEP STATE is hiding from us
Muppet. You lost Brexit won deal with it... Spurs lost on Sunday go and ask for it to be replay till they win. Same when Leicester play. Lfc haven't won league for nearly 30yrs. Let's recount and replay those seasons till they win it. Lets replay sat lottery now we know number
“The Government is the servent of the people “ -Teresa May said earlier. The majority of people don’t want Brexit, let’s end the farce now! #brexit #brexshit #brexcrement #brexitdebate #brexitshambles
Germany CAVES IN: EU urged to find a 'better solution' as no-deal Brexit fears hit
Hard Brexit to hit Danish bacon, butter exports to Britain - OECD
Very much doubt that. We still have passed-down WWII "memories". Some on here bang on abt "being told what to do" by Germans&amp;French. Brexit's poison will last far longer. It may actually split the UK right back to pre-Alfred times. No? See how quickly Yugoslavia ripped apart.
via Cabinet Source: May Could Resign if She Suffers Heavy Brexit Vote Defeat
Cabinet Source: May Could Resign if She Suffers Heavy Brexit Vote Defeat
Brexit's gonna happen, sorry. What if it didn't? You gonna be Anna Sourbry's body double?
Jacob Rees Mogg Why have we got such a weak pathetic Prime Minister at the helm of Brexit .
A little music for Ms May on her big #Brexit day
Want Brexit Vote Corbyn The oldest Brexiteer in Parliament
Irish passport application: How to apply for an Irish passport in the UK and are you eligible after Brexit?: Will you be able to get an Irish passport?
Cabinet Source: May Could Resign if She Suffers Heavy Brexit Vote Defeat
What do they really plot?
The movement needs to be planning…designing…strategising…running street stalls, events…whateverwhile we wait to see what’s around the corner…we can do this now…based on the simple fact that Indy is the best way forward regardless of Brexit or anything…let’s make that case
May is up for Massive Brexit Defeat - But What Next?! May Day, May Day, SOS, May Day
So many people won't or fail to understand that Labour is opposed to No Deal Brexit, which is what many Brexiteers want. I don't know why so many still accuse Labour of supporting Brexit when the evidence is clear on this basis alone.
My sympathy is with the satirists. Their job has been made virtually impossible by Brexit.
It's The Cranky Hermit Daily! Thanks to #brexit #iartg
This is such a bizarre comment. It is not diplomatic or politically neutral. He fails to recognise the complexity that is causing so much frustration in the UK. Sheer is a weird dude to begin with, but this shows weak critical thinking &amp; poor judgement from a would-be leader.
These 16 differences between Brexit in 2016 and 2019 are terrible but so very funny
Dude next to me in cafe in Scottish Borders cheerfully says to his European companion that ‘some sort of British common sense will prevail’ about Brexit. His companion looks exceedingly dubious, as well she might. I wouldn’t hold my breath.
The "plot" was the premeditated cheating carried out by the Leave campaign, which, if the referendum had been binding, would have nullified the result. As it is the referendum result can (and should) should be legitimately ignored. #RevokeArticle50
I said yesterday and I say the same today ,you have been fantastic
Whats a brexit?
Of course Brexit is dominating headlines but today we’re looking at an exceptionally important Bill in Committee. Hope the Government will co-operate to improve it.
We’ll learn nothing from this but this is worth listening for entertainment value between the two extremes. Gob on a stick vs the mewling pencil.
Einstein left Europe because of German facist ideology - much like what the EU is today. Einstein would have supported Brexit. E(u)=M(uch) C(orruption) 2
Somehow this became relevant again
Is this the democracy you had spoken about earlier today, Vile little squirt Government ‘sneaks out’ £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote
Don’t blame Brexit for UK wobbles, says ‘Mr Copper’
Anyone who thinks that Brexit is / will be the cause of youngsters being economically screwed are either a) under 18 and too young to understand the real world or b) over 18 and either disingenuous or haven’t been living in the real world.
Fantastic!!
I saw this on The Sun app and thought you’d enjoy it Is Brexit ever going to happen? Everything you need to know about the next steps after tonight’s historic vote
Meanwhile, in the EU27 world #meaningfulvote #brexit
When u see how much laughter is going on among MP’s in plain view, it’s clear 2 see that there all only in-it for them selves- ( Greed &amp; Power ) is what politics is all about, it has Notting 2-do with the people’s welfare-
Are the Torys trying to kill the older generation. the full pension is only 7k a year, that’s a 4 weekly payment of £538 how can anyone live on that, so they get pension credit it’s still not enough to pay gas,elec, food , clothes, rent etc.
'Every leaver I know wanted to leave before and still wants to leave now' - how many people have you asked? 'They knew what they were voting for' - if that were remotely true, we wouldn't have had the chaos of the last 2 years of different flavours of Brexit being put forward
No its dead on its feet , the uk majority want a no deal brexit but our employees don't want to follow our instructions ?? How do we sack them all ?? That's what I want to know !
I am glad to see so many English nationalist crying because they cant get the freedom they want. Particularly since it is a direct consequence of them denying Ireland its independence. That DUP are leading them by the nose in this farce is just the cherry on the cake.#Brexit
If the politicians betray the people and deny them their democratic right, will the intervene to protect the people's right to democracy - or do we just do that when there's oil involved? #BREXIT #COUP #BBCPolitics
If you can’t handle the #brexit talk
Remember when Trump supported the DISASTROUS IDEA of a Brexit deal separating the United Kingdom from Europe?? It’s STILL A BAD IDEA!
#brexit What a very patronising egotistical self opinionated man!Never listens to anyone or anything except advice on how to get a general election. No thought for the good of the country like the rest of his party and sadly some of the tories! Very sad day!
When football goes full Brexit: Neil Warnock causing a storm on Brexit: "To hell with the rest of the world.” Borehamwood FC: "Hold my beer."
People made a blind vote with no terns or conditions it was leave or renmain. We voted for a no deal brexit. People are only now waking up to that.
That's the kind of news your listening too. He has influence in the news, CNN, MSNBC, NY Times and many others. He is trying to ruin our country like England, France, Britain, Sweden, Germany, causing Brexit, Australia and many others. Trump is only trying to protect our country.
Britain's May faces defeat in parliament over Brexit plan
I think you’ll find that Theresa May is 100% responsible for the Brexit deal disaster. Her Brexit ministers were ministers in name only.
Dont talk wet.... what you really mean is fuck everyone who voted brexit because you did not like the result !!! The right way to deal with this is to leave and then have another referendum..that`s the only democratic vote,if not then tell me why.
Brexit Football
UK, BEST - Crumpets with Strawberry Jam, WORST -BREXIT
Attorney General’s speech would have been better had he said “Do we opt for order or do we ORDER chaos?” Just sayin’ #missedopportunity #brexit
at least jrm seems incapable of lying and doesnt need the money or the fame......
This is brexit
That makes two of us! Reckon could do brexit party bags to boot? I’m thinking tins of spam, drone sausages and fray bentos off the top of my head
Imagine voting for Brexit
ONLY 3 HRS LEFT 2 get in ur mps face renege lremember 2 use brexit langwidge like 'no Irish dorrstop deal' &amp; 'i didnt vote4 brexit so YOU CUD EFF IT UP AT LAST MINETE GIVE US NO DEAL YOU SLAG'
Brexit Wood FC
Quiz: how well have you been following Brexit? &gt; "Test your will to live with our #Brexit Quiz!"
I've blocked him. It's a comment that only a Centrist trollard would make. Must be Brexit bricking it
More lies from a proven liar, the only thing that is failing is your brexit fantasy that was built on lies.
Today is Brexit decision day -
British politician wear blindfolds so Brexit can't get catch them. Courtesy of #brexit #BrexitVote #BrexitChaos
You are only on favour of Brexit for your own personal wealth. At the expense of millions in this country. You have no idea what life is like outside your own personal bubble. You are a disgrace. Out of touch with the people.
#Brexit Labour party were always going to vote down the government agreement. Only option is to go back to the public with the question being, Teresa May deal or leave with no deal?
Airlocks to Brexit!
#Deal or no-deal: What do our readers think? Vote now! #brexit #BrexitVote #brexitdeal #DealOrNoDeal
BREXIT AIRWAY ready for No Brexit Deal...limited seating one-way ticket only (no parachutes) but discount In flight Brexit brunch special meal. (Subject to availability) -Yummy
SHUT UP GERMANY. Brexit negotiations could be reopened if MPs reject Theresa May's deal, says Germany
[ITV] What is Theresa May’s Brexit deal and what are the alternatives? |
Brexit in any form has endangered the Good Friday Agreement, and breathed new life to identity politics in Northern Ireland. Those that argue for it will be judged harshly by history as they spat on the graves of 3,600 victims.
Subscribe Here to get a few chapters for FREE from the book Please #RT #gold #silver #stocks #trading #trades #markets #Investing #today #rich #education #hope #dreams #Giveaway #free #positivity #focus #goals #life #money #success #fun #levelup #brexit
Only 9 London MPs out of 73 will vote for Theresa May's #Brexit Deal, 64 MPs will #VoteDownTheDeal
Everything may be shit, but at least I've got an excuse for having three different varieties of biscuit and a bag of Haribo in my work bag "Brexit, init"
With just hours until the vote on Theresa May's Brexit deal, protesters are out in force outside UK Parliament
Parliament won't let that happen, and they've shown several times they easily have the majority required to prevent a no-deal Brexit.
The latest UK Politics Daily! Thanks to #news #brexit
No Tory has the right to preach about trust in politics. #Brexit
Misread this and thought you'd started referring to the hon MP for Grantham and Stamford as the Boles. 'Testing our cross party Brexit plan means handing it over to the Boles. Some say .....'
A US friend just send me a link to Sex Pistols - Anarchy in the U.K. and Youtube delivered this perfectly... #Brexit
Hopefully more lively than it looks in this meeting! Aren’t you glad you aren’t there.
Auditioning for next year's Panto.
A full blown hard Brexit would be the best way to show Brexiters that "project fear" is project reality when it hits them in the face. It would certainly ensure the country rejoined ASAP. I just fear for hurt to my family still in the UK.
got it! Jesus it’s exciting times! #brexit #PeoplesVote #whoKnows #leapInToTheDark #love #understanding #letThemAllIn #NoEndToFreedomOfMovement
Why don’t we take the Prime Minister off the table also?
BBC ONE SHOW FEATURE: “Now let’s head over to Arthur Smith who is in Leicester reviewing some new post Brexit housing...Authur?”
She couldn’t sell the deal, because she didn’t include anyone in the process of formulating it, not even the various Brexit Secretaries. Secrecy and stubbornness are a modum operanti, for Brexit to happen it needed a discourse w Parliament and the Country she never attempted it.
Does that make you... are you one of... "them"? Ignored? Left-behind? Marginalised and shut out by the Westminster elite? Voice unheard? BUT BREXIT IS FOR PEOPLE LIKE YOU! (That's what they said, anyway.)
David Lammy calls out the myths of left wing Brexiteers, quite brilliantly.
He never got the bundle he deserved at school did he?
I would far rather have a United Ireland than a no deal brexit, thanks May hen let’s keep our fingers crossed x
The messiah has already stated he will govern for the many but the many are England so Scotland will be ignored like with Brexit.
Michael Gove quoting a Fantasy TV show is the most ironic #Brexit highlight of 2019 so far.
Why is it that not one single pro Brexit MP comes across as authentic? #BrexitVote
Brexit: How is your MP going to vote?
Hilary Benn on why he withdrew his amendment blocking a ‘No Deal’ Brexit: #exitBrexit
No we don't. We give our country over to the EU if Mays deal is supported. Wake up
Regardless of the outcome of today's vote, we will emerge stronger and ready for our freedom. The Tories and Labour are so shortsighted that they have found themselves in a self-made trap. Our movements could have never asked for a better gift than Brexit!
Not popular in #Chester as found out on Saturday. Time to #StopBrexit with a #PeoplesVote it's the #OnlyWayForward on #brexit
Both Geoffrey Cox, the Attorney General, and Nicklaus Thomas-Symonds, Labour's Shadow Attorney Solicitor, are both excellent parliamentary performers; why on earth do neither main parties not use their talents more fully? #brexit
please represent me and many others in your constituency today and ask for a #PeoplesVote
But the BBC seems somehow to have missed it
Airfreight could ease Brexit bottlenecks
No sound .... sounds like nothing.
BC and AD to be supplemented by Before Brexit (BB) and (AH) Anno Cluelessli #BrexitVote
Tomorrow nothing will change brexit will continue
BBCNEWS 6:07am BREXIT DEAL VOTE. MP5 will vote tonight on proposed deal to leave EU; I BREXIT DEAL VOTE. 'Meaningful vo'e’ takes...
I Brexit is stopped I will.....Never take for granted the benefits of EU membership again as long as I live.
Give this teacher a raise
A polite request from Europe: Wake us up when you know what you want from Brexit.
Todays' 'Brexit Explained' tweet - and very good it is too.
It's wrong really; this whole Brexit direction. It just feels so wrong. I wonder if the other remainers feel as displaced and politically homeless as I do. It's lucky really I started in mental health in 2014, it means at least I have got some sort of home to go to after Brexit.
...&amp; you seem to be implying that we'd somehow have tariff-free trade even on a No Deal Brexit. *Is* that what you're saying? If so, can you back that claim? Let's come back to NTBs and VAT separately, Twitter threads are hard places to have multi-factorial conversations.
Brexit, Bloody Brexit
Brexit to put 1m penguins at risk as Falklands loses EU funding for conservation, Islands minister warns. Its OK Tescos have stock piled loads.
a dance floor comment on Brexit
PamyBot2:~$ #forex #fx #EA "Are you ready for the #Brexit deal vote!? Access rates and live streaming prices from your mobile device with Trading Station for iOS and Android. 78.58% of retail CFD accounts lose money"
so klopp can play his brexit midfield? nah
via Brexit EARTHQUAKE: Belgian MEP rejects backstop deadline - 'Belfast in EU PERMANENTLY!' #UK_News
Stephen Hanks, Manager, Markets Policy at , will be speaking at #TTSLDN on the impact of #MiFIDII &amp; #Brexit on #tradingtech ops and how firms are responding to the new trading environment.
British PMs woes re Brexit teaches us lessons about referenda. B truthful about what u promise. Lies can win d vote but reality checks can catch up w u. In a democracy, voters can change their mind. Divorce can b costlier than staying married. U cant hav ur cake nd eat it too.
The UK Brexit vote in Parliament is happening today and it’s widely expected to not pass. Turmoil continues in Europe. May Faces Worst Government Defeat in 95 Years in Brexit Vote
And so she bloody well should. She has been a total disaster for Brexit. And as Home Secretary a complete disaster for policing in this country. She has tarried too long for any good ...begone I say..begone
You think I'm being insincere in saying that I'd support Corbyn if he backed Brexit? I can't help feeling a bit offended by that. Let's leave this now.
no deal Brexit.
Well done that man
They speak the truth here. Your political principles around #brexit are paper thin. You aren't a serious voice.
Campaigners call for Final Say vote on Brexit as Lord Hattersley backs second referendum
#Deal or no-deal: What do our readers think? Vote now! #brexit #BrexitVote #brexitdeal #DealOrNoDeal
Huh? The pro-Welsh Assembly vote won by a majority of 6,721 votes. The result that won with a majority of 0.30% was respected. The pro-Brexit Referendum vote won by a majority of 1,269,501 votes. The result that won with a majority of 3.78% isn't respected by people like you!
That was ever the Quitlings agenda. Train wreck Brexit that could be blamed on the EU
Brexit votes on D-Day as May is faced with a defeat and a no-confidence vote
You do know that Labour winning seats in Scotland is *not* going to happen, especially with their Brexit stance...
Spider-Man is coming to stop #Brexit
#brexitvote reminder of David Lammy’s speech.
"Do we opt for order, or do we choose chaos?" Wise words from #Brexit
Brexit votes on D-Day as May is faced with a defeat and a no-confidence vote
Right. What The Hell Is Going To Happen At The Big Brexit Vote Then? via
British MP delays giving birth by two days to vote against Brexit deal - #LatestComments
She would perhaps like to have a cry about the soon to be cancelled Brexit instead....
1. So why did you move your investment funds to Dublin? 2. How much money will you personally make from Hard Brexit? 3. Why have you invested in a Russian bank sanctioned by the United States? Are you serving the needs of the United Kingdom? I think not.
‘Shrouded in Obscurity’ is coincidentally the name of the prog rock tribute act Robbie Gibb and I took round mid 90s student unions. I remember a truly dreadful evening in the Brudenell Social Club in early ‘93. Carnage, absolute carnage. And such dreadful sticky floors.
How does Brexit relate to feelings about voters own party. Conservatives have roughly the same opinion of their party and their leader regardless of Brexit vote. Labour leavers are less positive about the party and (more so) the leader than Labour remainers (Data from May 2018)
Brexit votes on D-Day as May is faced with a defeat and a no-confidence vote
You don't think that Brexit is in Russia's interest? Of course you don't. You're a sockpuppet with only 11 followers. There are very few real leavers left on Twitter. Just fake ones.
New Brexit referendum is most popular path if May’s deal is defeated, poll finds
Well all evidence is quite clear that the Tory membership is very pro Brexit. As for their MPs I think it's fair to say divided - but most care more about their party than the country like May so back Brexit - so by default are Brexiteers
Brexit votes on D-Day as May is faced with a defeat and a no-confidence vote
Nigel, what specific form of Brexit do you think would achieve a majority if put to a referendum against remain?
Get Jacob in for a real Brexit and give the people of this GREAT country what we asked for in the first place !!!
Lord no. TM resigning would put a brexit ultra in charge of HMG and see us careening off the no deal cliff edge.
I've looked at Brexit from both sides now From up and down and still somehow It's backstops I recall I really don't know Brexit at all
In honour of Brexit I am snacking on a portion of mixed nuts. Salted.
Minority of electorate voted for Brexit and all were ill informed. Hardly democaracy.
My opinion on #Brexit is that 99,9% of the people commenting on it are dumb as fuck and that jeremy corbyn should stop being a coward and demand a second referendum #BrexitVote
It’s just a beginning of a long day here in #britain #brexit #BrexitDeal
If you live outside the UK and are wondering “what the heck is going on with #Brexit?!” don’t worry - you’re in precisely the same position as every member of the British parliament. Nobody knows.
They spend money that's why warnock doesn't complain about that, he just complains about refs, linesman, opposition managers and Brexit.
Parliament debates and votes on May's Brexit deal – watch live via
Timely reminder that hmg openly lie to the public and those lies are aired unchallenged by BBC
No, a proper Brexit means we DON'T take rules. That's why May's deal is not a proper Brexit.
Whatever you think about Brexit, can we all agree that is utterly epic...
In a way, I love Brexit, it has shown the true nature of the establishment and that of the people as a collective. I can not wait to emigrate to a country with better ethical standards.
There you go again with your elitist bubble talk. So out of touch with the needs of the humble crab. It's people like you that caused Brexit, you know.
Nice bunch the Tories aren't they. Cutting pensions from the poorest pensioners and because they know it's a nasty thing to do, sneaking it out when nobody's looking. They don't want people to know what they're up to, so best not re-tweet the story.
#BrexitVote Tory Attorney General Geoffrey Cox in full am/dram mode trying to appease the lunatic wing of the Tory PP &amp; sending Parliament into deep snore mode. This idiot is filibusterring &amp; trying to prevent Parliament debating Brexit amendments before the vote !
Must be Brexit donuts. Nobody can touch them.
U.K. Parliament Is Set for Big Vote on Brexit Today via
May wants to make sure that this can never happen again. She wants the backstop to prevent any future Gov revisiting Brexit. Her final EU pay day when she is no longer PM depends on it
Latest News: Brexit: Theresa May faces 'meaningful vote' on her deal Theresa May is expected to be defeated when MPs vote on the terms of the UK's withdrawal from the EU later. 2019-01-15 13:48:06Z
"Parliament to vote on May's Brexit deal"
Unquestionably, one of the tendencies of #Brexit was a desire to return to the days of empire. Britain, of course, never actually stopped being imperial, but it seems that Brexit has indeed pushed the country towards a more openly imperial position.
Just take advantage along side SNP to bring down gov. for their own ends, not for the good of our Country !!!!
My take: 1. The Tories will keep running with Brexit after defeat in the vote. 2. That will lead them to negotiate with Labour to avoid a #PeoplesVote. 3. That will lead to a CorbynMay Brexit policy.
You are no different that Theresa May on Brexit. Stalemate !!
Glad the ministers ... can make sense of all of the, Brexit Deal - draft Brexit withdrawal agreement stands at 599 pages long. ... (or "divorce bill") ... !!!
The problem with creating weird hybrid expressions like this is that they spawn corollary chimerae from the discarded parts - which leaves us here with an Omni Fuck.
Interested to see how the vote goes this evening on the proposed #brexit deal. All signs look like it’s going to be voted against in parliament, which then begs the question of what next? Revised deal, 2nd referendum, or withdraw article 50?! Whatever it is, please get on with it
Remain or Leave? A Photographic Journey Through Brexit via
James O'Brien's Unmissable Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote
An MP that is sticking to her principles and backing how her constituents voted . Unlike my MP who is likely to backslide later and vote for BRINO .
Support this “Deal” and the path to Brexit runs through quicksand.
Dream outcome of today: Brexit is cancelled, Theresa May is exiled to a remote cave in the Arctic Circle, Boris Johnson eats a warm prawn sandwich and shits himself on TV. Most likely outcome: No deal Brexit, Russia annexes East Anglia, somehow Jonathan Pie is PM.
Spanish government launches website to warn about effects of Brexit Madrid has drafted a decree with contingency plans in the event of the United Kingdom crashing out of the European Union with no deal You can find this and other news...
How come she's getting such brilliant flexible service from NHS whereas my daughter with previous huge giving-birth issues &amp; threat of sepsis to new baby isn't? What's cost to NHS with this disruption - clearly not a priority for Labour after all ! #NoDealNoProblem
She knows that she is lying but Brexit enthusiasts will believe anything!
There's Theresa May's backup gone, the one that's keeping her in power. (May has only a tiny majority &amp; DUP help her out usually). Not this time.
In the sunny Barcalona with a beer in hand trying to work out why on earth we would want to brake up with Europe just to line the pockets of #Brexit #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit
On the way to Place Londres Le Pub to see battleship Brexit sink
Brexit, pursued by a bear
Gove only helped lead the leave campaign as it was his attempted route into number 10 - he didn’t care about brexit , it was his chance to become PM - luckily people saw through it
May Delays Brexit Vote Until 30th Of February
I really don't care, am sick of it, sick to the pits of my stomach of sodding BREXIT.
“Remainers are right that voters know more now than we did in 2016. We know just how ruthless the EU is. We know the liberal elite holds us in contempt. And we know that voting for Brexit was the most sensible thing we ever did” We need to leave and leave now!
A No-Deal Brexit? Leaders Are Alarmed; Voters, Not So Much via
2+ years and a brexit circus Wish you luck to negotiate them WTO deals with clowns in power
a dance floor comment on Brexit
we need a friendly neighbourhood spiderman to sort out the mess which is brexit
It's about trust. We trusted people who lied to get our votes, then presented BRINO as if it was Brexit. NO DEAL.
Remain or Leave? A Photographic Journey Through Brexit
Brexit Vote: Parliament to Decide on E.U. Withdrawal Plan
I’m a disabled, widowed pensioner with zero savings. If Brexit happens, presumably I wouldn’t be able to get my pension because of financial passporting; also, why should I leave because 26% think the EU is a bad thing?
The deal is not Brexit. Tory wipeout at GE
I'm sorry but there comes a point that this 'attribute' is not good for the country. She's run out of road, and run out of ideas. We need someone who believes in Brexit to revitalise and motivate the nation. She and the Chancellor are a blight on the nation.
‘Nutjob’ neighbours with Brexit stockpile now seem wise and useful
So the argument goes: if Sunderland *wants* to destroy itself, who are their elected officials to stop them? #brexit
Result second Brexit referendum: between 58 and 63 percent votes against the #Brexit.
The way transport is here right now the next train to leave has been cancelled. The Brexit replacement service isn't looking good either.
Same for London, Guildford, Liverpool - weird to single out one region
The wisdom of crowds.
I understand the thinking behind Corbyn’s Brexit strategy of “constructive ambiguity”, but it’s dishonest and it’s not leadership. If you’re going to hedge your way into power, how can we trust you to transform the country?
Would #Merkel be so popular if #Germany was engaged with the funding liabilities it is aquiring within the #Eurozone - #NLPs, likely #Italy-bailout, #Greece again, #Ireland post-#Brexit, #TARGET2, and #Germany #Banks?
Why arent you in london defending brexit????
not sure what one would expect from a bigoted daily mail columnist #Richardlittlejohn ... but ''littlejohn'' I suspect sums it up rather nicely and the fact that he is a nasty piece of work!
Stocks tripped by earnings angst, sterling huddled for Brexit vote
Students choose London for their MBA's despite Brexit and UK tech scene plays huge role. #brexit
Apparently "NO DEAL" WTO brexit accordingto Remainers means 1) UK-&gt;EU trade collapses to 0, Zero 2) Planes stop flying 3) Lorries are queued 4) Food rots 5) Brits starve( might be a bonus for all the lard arses out there Obexity solved) 6) Car manufacturing ends. 7) No Mars bars
BREXIT BOMBSHELL: MP&amp;#039;s ‘Sunset’ amendment could SAVE deal as EU hints at MAJOR climbdown , #news #rt ,
European markets edge higher ahead of crucial Brexit vote; Ubi Banca falls 9% #Jan15th
Apparently Andrex is going to market toilet paper called May's Brexit Its so soft you can wipe your ass on it,
Why is it that Geoffrey Cox talking about the Withdrawal Agreement being like an #Airlock brings just the one image to mind? #Brexit appearing with the tedious inevitability of an unloved season... #MoonrakerMetaphor
Andy Sparrow's live blog is the place for Brexit anoraks this afternoon - he gets up to 5 million hits a day - Politics live
James O'Brien's Unmissable Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote - LBC
May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?
She then went on to do the same with her 2nd Brexit Secretary, Dominic Raab, and when he realised he was being undermined, he too resigned! How can this women be trusted? She's not working for the best interests of the UK!
Looking for 3 men and 3 women who can speak English and Hindi and want to talk about Brexit tomorrow for a television report. Send me a message asap.
It's like Pacino meeting De Niro in heat - sadly with a lot more at stake
4 questions for the Brexit vote: How heavy will the defeat be for Mrs May? What will Mrs May say after her defeat? Will Jeremy Corbyn call a vote of no confidence in the government? Can parliament start to take control?
So how will Brexit effect Mental Health? Interesting idea for a blog I think!
BACK OUR PARTY TO #GTTO
I rather suspect Mr Vine envies his funnier brother, and has thus decided to become a comedian. Shoot the Old &amp; votes for Horses #WASPI: More nonsense from Divide &amp; Rule Britain
BREXIT BOMBSHELL: MP's ‘Sunset’ amendment could SAVE deal as EU hints at MAJOR climbdown
see. it's too late ???? probably
its the brexit effect
#RevokeArticle50 then have a GE, the parties can campaign on #Brexit, #PeoplesVote and the important issues that will help our underfunded NHS, terrible Universal Credit, homelessness, and reveal the mess the Tories have left the country in. This can only happen if we have time..
U.K. Parliament’s Vote on Brexit Deal Explained
WONT SMOEBODY THNINK OF TEH CHILDREN
I saw this on The Sun app and thought you’d enjoy it Hundreds of Brits pay £300 for one-month supply of freeze-dried meals in case of no deal Brexit Justpay-300-for-one-month-supply-of-freeze-dried-meals-in-case-of-no-deal-brexit. Just a little OTT
Have you? Have you looked in to what #brexit would mean to the poorest families?
Still no clue what #Brexit will mean for your firm? How your #business can protect itself from stormy weather ahead:
It's hard not to agree with the Speaker. Theresa May had her chance to write in a hard deadline for the backstop into the Withdrawal Agreement. She didn't (couldn't) ... so why should John Bercow help her out? #Brexit
Updated: How York’s two MPs will vote in crunch #Brexit showdown today – Julian Sturdy *would* have voted for PM's deal if backbench amendment was passed – but then the Speaker intervened…
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
Yes Tim. But equally May’s deal puts the path to #BREXIT in great danger. We could be locked into an EU limbo for years — or decades.
Opinion: Despite what the right-wing press says, the British people want a Final Say on Brexit
A polite request from Europe: wake us up when you know what you want from Brexit | Joris Luyendijk
Brexit explained: what is going on and how will the UK change? Here are your questions answered by FT experts. Find out the latest updates in our live blog here:
Don’t blame Brexit for UK economic wobbles, says ‘Mr Copper’ via
Watching the #usdchf closely after the Brexit noise is over #afxinsights
Every Londoner is urging you to stop the stabathon.
The only people I call stupid are politicians, so agree on that. But if one starts out with the idea that things like the blue passport issue is some reasonable #Brexit rational point, you are paving the way for Daily Express narrative of Brexit.
She’s lying
Not true! Euthanasia could be offered to #Brexit voters too, to my mind that would be the most sensible option.
It was always about party politics - and indeed internal party politics at that. All egged on by ignorant shit-stirrers like Farage, facilitated by cunning Russian subterfuge and realpolitik
democracy_tv: Brexit deal: final day of Lords debate | House of Lords
#Brexit Deal or No Deal - today's the day!
When u see how much laughter is going on among MP’s in plain view, while talking about #Brexit it’s clear 2 see that there all only in-it for them selves- ( Greed &amp; Power ) is what politics is all about, it has Notting 2-do with the people’s welfare-
They will need more than Paracetamol,the German industrial machine is in decline,Greece is on its knees,Spain as massive unemployment,Italy’s budget can’t get approval from Brussels and the smaller States don’t contribute etc!!.Not Good!
It's growing
Outrageous kicking of the can! The road is running out and goes over the cliff.
Because they take Mundell's line that Scotland is part of the UK therefore can be ignored just as Theresa May has consistently ignored any input from the Scottish Government on Brexit.
Small grounds are easy to fill post brexit the Norwegian kop won't be there
I would never vote for a pro-Brexit party and neither would anyone I know, Mr Corbyn. Take heed.
Shakespeare Live now #BrexitDeal #BrexitVote #BrexitChaos
If #Remoaner MP's BLOCK a #NoDealBrexit this afternoon, so that we CAN'T leave the E.U without a deal - then I suspect that #Brexit could be over The E.U simply have to withdraw their #BrexitDeal, offer us no deal - and then we are stuck How brainless are our politicians
okay of all twists brexit delivered, a football club making a statement to MPs about it is the most absurdist and wonderfully bizarre
a dance floor comment on Brexit
Forget all that Brexit nonsense, out here in the countryside, this is the sort of thing that makes headlines.
This is the Britain that I love. An open, tolerant and united society
Absolutely. Brexit is the promised afterlife, following a real, self-inflicted death.
Reality is in a world where Amazon and their ilk run riot, where taxes are a charity donation, small business owners in Britain and across the EU are toast without strong regulation. Voting Brexit under the Tories is still insane though.
State of emergency and proroging Parliament until March 30th, ensuring a WTO Brexit would be a good response to her deal being utterly demolished tonight.
Anyone else get fed up with #brexit supporting MPs claiming to to represent the majority when only 37.4% of the electorate voted to leave the #eu ?
More of May’s planning for a ‘No Deal’ Brexit.
Cameron being trolled by the former Treasure Hunt helicopter person wasn't something I expected to see today but #Brexit is the gift that keeps giving...
Fantastic to see brilliant Shadow Ministers supporting a #PeoplesVote #OnlyWayForward
Loved filming this. Thanks to Tim and for capturing it!
The greatest lie constantly repeated and eaten up by the thick end of the MAGA emulating brexit mob, is the unelected lie. They are elected, and we already had sovereignty, you utter muppets
They haven’t done any of those things. You are referring to reserved matters that are nothing to do with MO’s. And as for Brexit, they are using it to agitate for independence. They were happy to leave the EU if they’d won in 2014.
No. But nothing really. People don’t want the deal because it’s trash but some think it’s bad because it’s not a hard enough Brexit and others dislike it because it’s a form of Brexit. But nothing of substance happens. Pound is likely to drop.
During this hour, a look at this region’s long-standing ties to Ireland and talk about the wariness with which the Republic of Ireland is approaching Brexit with the Ambassador of Ireland to the US.
Remember why we are in this mess, David Cameron only offered a Brexit referendum in a GE to attract racist voters from ukip kippers, tories always put party before county. #bbcnews #skynews #r4today #POLITICSLIVE #c4news #brexit #brexitvote #brexitdeal
BBCNEWS 6:08am BREXIT DEAL VOTE. Voting will begin in the Commons at 7pm 4 I I BREXIT DEAL VOTE. Prime Minister has called for...
We in #EU27 really hope for a #NoDealBrexit so that the #brexit idiots &amp; foes of #EU27 will feel their #brexit disaster #Trump is a stooge dependent on #Putin s Mafia So #Uk s hybris of longing for an empire 2.0 shld have a price
I wouldn’t trust that little man as far as I could throw him, Brexit turncoat looking after his own interests before the will of the people!
Corporate booking on hold as overseas guests not sure if they are coming to UK due to #Brexit. This shows the impact this is having on our food and drink / travel industry here in the UK. #sortitout
#Brexit #BrexitVote "Easiest thing in history" "No one is talking about leaving the Single Market" "Only a madman would actually leave the Market" "Does not mean the UK will leave the Single Market" "I'd vote to stay in the Single Market" Your colleagues say otherwise.
I know politics in our country is a royal mess right now over Brexit, but it's alarming to me that the government is doing nothing to protect children's education and hold academy trusts even remotely accountable!
I saw this on The Sun app and thought you’d enjoy it Fury at John Bercow’s latest bid to derail Brexit deal hours ahead of crunch Commons vote
Fraser thinks the people of Sunderland should finally be listened to. For rightwing Tories (who have ignored areas like Sunderland for decades) its like a game of musical chairs. Now that the music has stopped on Brexit working class areas can be allowed a voice
New post (UK readies for historic Brexit deal vote) has been published on -
Looking at #PM May in the HoC this afternoon- she does not look well. The bags under her eyes have bags. The strain is showing. The time has come for her to step down - not just because she has wrecked Brexit and failed on a deal - but she needs to look after her own health.
Not the German Minister, who said; ' ' Brexit is a fantasy' ? Oh no, that was the German Trade Minister, wasn't it?
I don't think there will even be a 2nd referendum. I think Brexit is dying in the Commons as we speak. Your thoughts?
Reject this dreadful Brexit agreement Even the Torygraph is against Theresa May’s deal.
Theresa May is stuck in a loop that will see us crashing towards No Deal. Parliament must take control of this farce. #BrexitVote
You were fucking useless then. All that campaigning for fuck all, you waste of space.
This! It helps sustain the pacification of the most difficult political question in the history of British democracy. It took us two centuries to pacify - not answer - it and it made Brexit look like a cakewalk!
Great piece on WhatsApp in Westminster
So, Brexit?
2-4-1 on racists at the Old Rep Theatre!
What is Brexit all about?
a dance floor comment on Brexit
What does she have to do so she can be got rid off?
Have you read the definition of a hard border? A hard border means everyone is checked, has to show ID etc. That wasn't the case and it won't be after Brexit.
Absolutely incandescent with rage when I realised this piece of sh*t #Wetherspoons propagnda rag for no-deal Brexit, cheap cider &amp; English nationalism came thro my letterbox in Glasgow today #TimMartin pls don't my darken my doorstep with this kind of deceitful crap EVER again!
If #TheresaMay thinks that people voting against her deal is more likely to result in ‘No Brexit’, rather than a ‘No Deal Brexit’, then that’s just superb. Very few voting will want to leave the EU anyway, so that’s probably what they are hoping for. #Brexit
Attorney General "This deal is the key, there is no other; destroy it in some form or other, the only practicable deal, and the path to Brexit becomes shrouded in obscurity."
I saw this on The Sun app and thought you’d enjoy it Why you should buy holiday money NOW before today’s Brexit vote
Conservatives are destroying the western civilization. Imbecilic traitor trump in USA and idiotic Brexit in UK.
BREXIT BOMBSHELL: MP’s ‘Sunset’ amendment could SAVE deal as EU hints at MAJOR climbdown
Brexit Talks Could Go On If May Loses Vote, Says Germany’s Heiko
I don’t buy it buddy. I respect your view but I’m fighting Brexit with every bone in my body. If that means voting for the Lib Dem’s so be it. When labour have a sensible policy on Europe with a leader that truly believes that Together Everyone Achieves More I may well return.
If any of the four amendments selected passes, the vote on the amended 'meaningful vote' bill will take place immediately, with no further amendments possible.
Jeremy Corbyn? Not so sure. as For JCQC, as always she postures, poses and virtue signals while not offering one iota of evidence that breaking up the UK woild be less damaging than any #Brexit could ever be. A Class 1 hypocrite, imo.
Will there be a rush in the next 24 hours? Or just a promise
The future of English Premiership's Kolpak stars under real threat from no-deal Brexit via
Stephen Hanks, Manager, Markets Policy at , will be speaking at #TTSLDN on the impact of #MiFIDII &amp; #Brexit on #tradingtech ops and how firms are responding to the new trading environment.
The DWP used Brexit to sneak out another benefit cut
Brexit.
The key vote on May’s Brexit deal will come at about 8 pm London time Almost 1000 days ago Theresa May told the U.K. "Brexit means Brexit", but here's how her rhetoric has changed #BrexitVote
Watching the brexit debate: waste of time or good way to pass the time?
Support Brexit !
Pass this on if you believe in Brexit
Clerics and the general laity to be honest, I find it mind boggling, for some it's also just Brexit fatigue.
Geoffrey Cox &amp; His Phenomenally Useful Brexit Deal #BrexitVote
Vindication of a year's hard work on Brexit, I reckon.
Well, you never get change if you don't get people making a point. Whether that vote makes a difference or not, it highlights some ridiculously outdated rules in Parliament.
Should May not get consent on her Brexit plan... it gets even more complicated (graphic in German)
#LeaveMeansLeave remain voters at Parliament calling people who voted for brexit racist disgusting #Brexit
That's looking good
In a weird turn of events, the National League's Boreham Wood FC have come out against May's deal because... the club is in favour of a hard Brexit...?
The brexit news is so hard to watch, even though I am sure of the outcome.
Shameful then that you stood as an MP on a manifesto promising to deliver Brexit, after which 67% of your constituents voted leave. Resign.
#PoliticsLive has &amp; on. Guess which one had most time for talking and which one was interrupted constantly. On a positive note, Jo does recognise that putting the Brexit deal to the people is crucial so I'm sure she'll support #indyref2 when EUref2 falls.
Some consider a time limit on any eventual backstop but this is blinkered thinking (personally I'd say scrap the whole toxic idea). Why not, for example, define other events that would terminate a backstop - e.g. if EU implements a smart border to any other 3rd country? #Brexit
I had a nice brexit this morning!
Translation: #Brexit can be stopped after all, despite everything we've been told about crashing out by default if MPs don't get behind 's deal. Let's just #EndTheChaos and have done with all this. We all have things we'd rather be doing...
Assets worth 800 billion pounds to shift from UK to EU due to Brexit - EY | Article [AMP] | Reuters
I saw this on The Sun app and thought you’d enjoy it Europe COULD hold new Brexit talks with Britain if MPs reject Theresa May’s deal, Germany admits
Between now and 29.03.19 will be deciding on the future survival of their party. They must decide if their reluctance to break free from the EU is stronger than their interest in political power. If they extend Art50 or otherwise frustrate Brexit they’re finished.
There you go, Germany could reopen the negotiations if May gets a hammering tonight. They don't want to loose the £39 billion we stupidly agreed to give them. It's all about the money with those crooks in Brussels.
Hidden behind #Brexit, the #TradeBill is coming back to Parliament. We need a meaningful vote on trade deals, or they could be used to shred our rights and standards. Take action for #TradeDemocracy!
Could be Brexit in a picture. Choosing to use a spade when you had a perfectly good digger #brexit
We've got less than 24 hours left to stop Theresa May's bad Brexit deal. If we work together we can end this mess and get a People's Vote. Sign up at
RICH REALLY RICH!! Finian CUNNINGHAM | Brexit Unleashes British Bulldog Snarling at Russia
MPs need to trust the voters and have confidence in Britain's ability to thrive after Brexit via sounds right, politicians asked the question, did not like the result and have fought against it
The Brexit Effect: London Property Market Predictions for 2019 #Property #Investment #Propertymarket #PrimeLondon #Rental #Growth #NottingHill
My prediction last June.
probably wanted to see what the losses would actually be before deciding next move
The biggest boundary was Leave won. #Brexit
There are no other costs related to brexit we will be quids in from doing trade all over the world. There might be a bit of short term pain but the medium to long term gain will make it all worth it
a dance floor comment on Brexit
remain is gone how can we possibly remain in a union we do not trust enough to be able to negotiate with post brexit if deal was passed rejecting the deals is saying we do not trust EU
Brexit voting protester interviewed on #wato thought he was ordering a big shiny bell but what he got was a rather pathetic little bell. That feeling of something being falsely advertised/mis-sold is shared by many of his fellow Brexit voters I am sure #StopBrexit #BrexitVote
. Will amend address book accordingly
Ros Kellaway : the Digital Impact of #brexit #KSE19
Amazing to see how little many MPs still understand about this #Brexit process. Suella Braverman says on that she doesn’t like the PM’s deal, but would rather an FTA than no deal. Doesn’t she understand that that’s the future relationship, not the withdrawal agreement?!
UK likely to have general election if Brexit vote fails: Lawmaker
If ever the damage the tories have done so far can be undone. Labour will have to work twice as hard if not more to put things right. Like last time. The undoing takes everything.
Theresa May's Brexit plan appears doomed as key Parliamentary vote looms.
So if Geoffrey Cox wants our goodwill he should stop talking, keep 39 bn in HM’s treasury instead of sending to undemocratic #EU, grow a backbone &amp; tell #TheresaMay that he can’t lie any more. Otherwise, he should get ready to find a new job. #Brexit #BrexitDeal
Funny how Labour managed to gain seats in remain areas while places like Stoke on Trent and Mansfield went Tory. Isn’t it clear the direction Labour membership and voters are going? They are certainly not majority brexit supporting. You can only sit on the fence for so long.
Honestly if we adopted a “the majority of voters don’t really know what the EU is or does so shouldn’t really be given an opportunity to vote on our future within it” mentality in 2016, we’d all be so happy today
Theresa May facing crunch vote on her Brexit deal -
Fifth-tier English club urges MPs to "vote down this ridiculous piece of European bias legislation" - the May's Brexit agreement - and extend Article 50 "to renegotiate our exit terms sensibly, as our democracy and Union cannot take a second referendum "
As Parliament vote on Brexit deal, we're seeing more political use of square video.
LIVE: PM vows to respond 'quickly' as she faces huge Brexit deal defeat
#Brexit #BrexitVote Surprisingly low key and jolly outsider Westminster at present. Mostly Remain and I only heard one hoot for Brexit. The yellow vests were contractors!
I raise a glass to your dad!
Check your history....Hitler wanted a united Europe under centralised rule..... Isn't that what the EU is all about...??? SO HITLER would never have agreed BREXIT anyway....
#5things -It's #Brexit -deal vote day -#China stimulus -Day 25 of #shutdown -#Markets rise -Bank #earnings, #datadue #EarningsSeason
I think trust in dinosaur parties is shredded. whether we manage to avoid this Brexit disaster or not, British political institutions need fundamental reform - electoral system + political parties (incl. ) should be top of the agenda #RemainAndReform
"Parliament to vote on May's Brexit deal"
The five main possible outcomes if the Brexit deal is rejected
There are still a few hours left for MPs to realise that this is what #brexit will look like and #brexitvote for #BrexitDeal Don't throw us into chaos for the sake of dogmatic politicking
I don’t care if Labour comes out for or against Brexit. I just want a clear case. Not fantasy politics, but a clear strategy of what the party hopes to achieve and how.
We need a #Brexit song to show up its stupidity.
ABP Prepares for No-Deal Brexit - Port Technology International
No Ms Badenoch you are in error, Tulip has stated she is going to vote because after previous examples she does not trust the Tory Whips not to force her pairing to walk through the lobbies when the vote is called.
The ref was won on electoral fraud the EC said it cannot be considered a mandate . GE17 was hung parliament resulting in £1B bribe to DUP for conservatives to force thru Brexit. Brexit has no constitutional or democratic mandate . #VoteDownTheDeal #RevokeA50 &amp; #PeoplesVote
MPs are lining up to say why they won’t be voting for Theresa May’s Brexit deal
Brexit wears everyone down eventually.
That's excellent. I propose you as Official Brexit Advisor
“Let us therefore brace ourselves to our commitments of 2016, and so bear ourselves that if freedom from the EU lasts for a thousand years, men will still say, 'This was Brexit's finest hour.” "Geoffrey Cox"
I’m a remainer. So why do I feel more and more sympathy for leave voters? | Joseph Harker
t#ES_F 2578 - 2602 range is on ....if it breaks either way will have major shift.... BREXIT vote will be driver for today .... Hence price movement in market is all noise and no real trading...
When Brexiters ask why we can’t get a good deal with the EU, &amp; expect ‘experts’ to figure out how to make things work in a post-Brexit U.K. (when the experts are saying not to leave the EU), I think of this:
House of Commons vote on Theresa May’s Brexit deal. She’ll lose.
Stamina is great but what’s required now is the courage to face reality and say ‘Brexit is a bad idea and wrong for our country’. #brexit was never the answer to our problems - which going through with this will only exacerbate. How will you vote Greg?
Westminster people droning on about it being better to have "half a cake, rather than no cake at all" etc need to consider those who already don't have any cake, and have nothing to lose rolling the dice. #Brexit
Westminster chaos looming as MPs set to reject disastrous Tory Brexit deal – latest updates
This self-serving amoeba is arrogant beyond belief. He is therefore challenging Brexit as a WA was always only optional. If he cant deliver on his manifesto pledge then quit. That would require honour though, which is in very short supply with this git.
there will be no Brexit, repeat after me...
#Germany says ? As if anyone needed any more proof that they run the show . Perhaps we won't want to talk with YOU ay ?!!
"March 29, 2019: The UK is set to leave the EU, with or without a deal, unless MPs vote to delay or cancel Brexit." #IGES #GeMaP #Brexit #UK
The latest Sustainability Highlights ! #china #brexit
London's loss is Luxembourg's gain as funds face #Brexit flux - Read more here:
If there is a General Election and JC wins, how will he deliver Brexit if the EU maintains its stance on the current deal offered to TM?
Travelodge launch Newcastle recruitment drive ahead of 'Brexit staff shortage' #Travelodge #employment #Tuesdaythoughts #recruitment
*waits for the DM article: HISTORIAN THREATS TO ERASE BREXIT FROM THE HISTORY BOOKS*
Rory Kinnear is in HBO's "Brexit." I can't see him without thinking of
Best thing I've read today on Brexit:
Fifth-tier English club urges MPs to "vote down this ridiculous piece of European bias legislation" - May's Brexit agreement - and extend Article 50 "to renegotiate our exit terms sensibly, as our democracy and Union cannot take a second referendum "
ICYMI, here’s last night’s #SharpendITV with where I discuss tonight’s #Brexit vote &amp; what might happen next (from 3 minutes in).
That’s what I will do. My main priority is to stop Brexit. I see if this doesn’t happen we will be stuck with decades more austerity and ruined public services under ANY government.
. will be stockpiling ingredients ahead of #Brexit. Although they won’t be stockpiling end product -because of shelf life- it has been making provisions to make sure that it can continue supplying to the UK, whatever happens with #Brexit:
What affects you more, Brexit or Zionism? - #brexit #zionism #Anglo-Jewry #youthwork #choosinglife #thebestofisrael #jewishevents #londonevents #passionforapeople
And there I was thinking that Brexit was going to lead to "Parliament taking back control."
Leave without a deal on wto terms only
Prepare to short the S&amp;P 500, and the FTSE 100. Trump may push the S&amp;P a bit higher, the FTSE is unpredictable due to the Brexit vote tonight. Let's see how high it can go, chances are the S&amp;P is in its last wave up, next decline will be massive $SPX #FTSE
Ha! You can't even make up your mind over Brexit. #losingvotes
It really isn't for opening. It's locking my daughter out her nationality #Brexit
Brexit vote: Bercow permits 4 amendments however not one for second referendum – Politics reside | Politics
Ha yes .I thinkbrexit would def lead to near term contraction and rebalancing of the economy. Just don’t see 10 percent in a single year as likely if indeed that’s what he means ,also don’t get carneys rates forex and inflation post brexit forecasts .look mutually exclusive to me
Wake up &amp;mdash; Brexit is looking ever more likely
We're all too busy worrying about Brexit to notice eh?? Sneaking it out from under the rubble that is the Tory party. I haven't even read it properly but it'll be disguised as advantageous to a vulnerable group in some way. What liars!!!
Following the path set by Heath! Continuing today with May! Betrayers all!
Excited to be joining coverage of #Brexit vote this afternoon and evening from Lyon.
BBCNEWS 6:08am BREXIT DEAL VOTE. EU letter centred on uttering assurances on the backstop' I ' BREXIT DEAL VOTE. The EU sent written...
This is the real #EU It doesn't care about anyone . Power, money and an army. The sooner we #Brexit the better.
After the vote is has been all posturing. Phase II starts after the hard Brexit and real negotiations begin.
Prime Minister Theresa May is set to see her Brexit deal rejected in the biggest Parliamentary defeat for a British government in 95 years after her last minute pleas for support appeared to fall on deaf ears.
PM’s Brexit deal explained - and the four main alternatives
Classic Bournemouth.
Ps here is another recent poll...
Let’s accept YouGov polls validity then, seen this one where Brexit (in all possible forms) has a massive lead over Remain ?
And I don’t want to hear about a better deal or a jobs first Brexit. That’s bullshit. I want something concrete. Are we in or out? On what terms?
Ahead of Brexit vote, Theresa May makes a final plea
Hard Brexit to hit Danish bacon, butter exports to Britain - OECD
Just one procedural scuffle in what promises to be complex lease litigation following European Medicines Agency #Brexit departure from London to Amsterdam. Cross-examination of experts on the meaning of 'foreseeable'.
can someome explain this to me then please. Everyone is trying to please the minority #brexit #NoDealBrexit #getusout #EU
This man is incapable of truth, don’t listen to a word he says, he’s been stealing a living from us for far too long
I am in favour of Mays deal. But for different reasons to #BOBPTD. In fact I find them tiresome. I am bored of bored of Brexit pass the deal pass the deal. #BOBOBPTDPTD
Captain Surgical Strike aka destroys Mr Wishy Washy aka . And I thought the panto season had ended.
EU ready for new talks with May after Brexit deal defeat. No surprise. Germany would be very badly affected if we left Europe without a deal. But it begs the question. Why not offer a better deal in the first place. As a nation we were not born yesterday
A polite request from Europe: wake us up when you know what you want from Brexit
Brexit vote at 12GMT, so I'm reading now
UK failed to enforce EU air quality standards – what will happen after Brexit? - #GoogleAlerts
Any MP of from any party, who doesn't back Brexit isn't honouring the result. Then there are those who pay lip service to honouring the result but are trying to water it down because what they really want is to remain &amp; they are working surreptitiously for that outcome.
The government is a joke, the BBC is a joke, politics is a joke, the left is a joke, #brexit is a joke, the country is a joke. I wish I was laughing
When you see the state of Brexit and you can’t get sadder or angrier about it anymore. #BrexitDeal
What do they Vote This evening in United Kingdom about the Brexit? ReTweet to become TopRetweeter
Always worth reading not least because he writes with great style. On Brexit our MPs have been in hiding. They must show themselves
a dance floor comment on Brexit
I still believe there will be a hard Brexit that occurs because the Tories won’t give up power in time
Watching live #Brexit debate in #UK Parliament:
This deal is not Brexit. It's far, far worse than remaining given we would still be able to leave in future. #fakebrexit Who is a purist? This deal locks us in to the EU forever.
Happy doomed Brexit vote day!
GE will address the critically important problems facing this country as well as sorting out Brexit. That can only be done by voting in a Labour government.
MYSTERIOUS ANTI-BREXIT "BALLOT-BOXES" RETURN TO PENARTH via
Meaningful Brexit vote, anyone?
There were lies on both sides of the referendum campaign as no one can actually know what will happen until we leave! But just look at the yellow bib protests at Westminster, if brexit doesn’t happen we are opening ourselves up to a rise in far right politics
A polite request from Europe: wake us up when you know what you want from Brexit | Joris Luyendijk
I appreciate that 'Brexit: The Uncivil War' was over-dramatised, inaccurate fluff, but I doubt a scene in which the characters of Cummings &amp; Elliott thanked their lucky stars that Yvette Cooper wasn't Labour leader would have added to its plausibility.
Brexit #BrexitVote
The definition of insanity.
Devious MPs having voted for Brexit and passed it into our law now seem determined to wreck it
The presenter firmly pointed the finger back at Jacob Rees-Mogg and the Brexiteers for the stalemate.
Jacob Rees-Mogg believes in democracy #brexit
My pleasure Now I've read it I see you deal with postwar kids perspective p67 onwards &amp; Brexit element p100. Excellent stuff. We should collectively see past the myth but we don't. GB was finished as a power after 1918 and probably after 1890, penny wise £ foolish to this day 1/2
No, no, Brexit is a huge success, going great, why do you ask?
Forgive me if I don’t give a toss what an anti-democratic law breaking dark money funded hypocrite thinks.
#Brexit I'm amazed people honestly use the argument of not knowing the future to reject major decisions. Parenthood, marriage, new jobs. It is called life people.
Cameron being trolled by the former Treasure Hunt helicopter person wasn't something I expected to see today but #Brexit is the gift that keeps on giving...
Says Brexit fan
I feel resignations of the whip may be in the offing
Hidden behind #Brexit, the #TradeBill is coming back to Parliament. We need a meaningful vote on trade deals, or they could be used to shred our rights and standards. Take action for #TradeDemocracy!
These Brexit MPs should be sacked forthwith. They don't have this country's good at heart. They are miserable old moaning bullies.
Jeremy Corbyn has pledged to support a People's Vote if he cannot secure a General election. Help us keep him honest. It only takes a moment - let's make sure Labour votes down the deal and supports a People's Vote #Brexitvote
If we accept this is true, why would anyone now vote for her deal? It defies all reason anyway, but it's purely illogical at this stage if a better deal is round the corner
Are you actually joking me?! This woman is a liar, blinded by unionism and severely out of touch of what the people of the North need out of Brexit
ANY #Brexit will be a disaster - there is no Deal better than the one we have already as EU Members
MPs have to keep voting until they get the right answer.
Don’t blame Brexit for UK wobbles, says ‘Mr Copper’ #MasterMetals #MiningNews
Dominic Grieves message to his REMAIN constituency after the Referendum: 'What is clear to me, however, is that the decision of the electorate in the Referendum must be respected' ' I accept the result of the 2016 Referendum'
'I'm #selling now to beat #Brexit #house price #crash': should #homeowners #gamble on a #property market slump?
a dance floor comment on Brexit
Former PMs Blair and Major warn Brexit would threaten UK unity
An MP working for the people &amp; making govt accountable
Smell their fear. Been saying it for over 2 years now - #Brexit won't happen (But Scottish #independence will) #DissolveTheUnion #YouYesYet
Knowing everything we know now, how much Russia was backing Brexit with money and online psy-op, wouldn't it be a better vote with an informed electorate, without another it's handing Putin's Russia a victory.
Im getting irritated about how polls are presented as accurate &amp; true, most were significantly wrong about the general election, many were wrong about the referendum. I bet if you asked those that favour remain would you need to win a second referendum first? They'd say yes
Britain's Theresa May faces defeat in parliament over UK Brexit plan
People's Vote : 88% of members want. Immediate No Confidence Vote. Doing nothing now not an option. Support for Torykip Brexit will damage Labour for 20 years and hand the baton to #EndtheMess #BacktotheFuture #Frauderendum
Pregnant MP Tulip Siddiq delays child birth for Brexit vote
321 to 152. House of Lords rejected idea of no deal Brexit
Brexit: Theresa May faces ‘meaningful vote’ on her deal.
LOL. He answered O'briens question &amp; poor James could only revert to a he said she said argument. hilarious. Opening debate: : "So why's it all gone wrong?" : "Why's what gone wrong?" Obrien: "Brexit Jacob" Mogg: "Well Brexit hasn't yet happened. LOL
Fully support domestic policies but that amendment in brexit can piss off. 'backstop... is neither politically nor economically sustainable...' Well neither is NI. So in the meantime the backstop has to stay. Our GFA trumps your brexit.
I'm guessing TNS are pro-Brexit, Ben. You know, they would be.
Stocks tripped by earnings angst, sterling huddled for Brexit vote: Spluttering noises from Germany and an earnings miss from banking giant JP Morgan dragged back stocks on Tuesday, while Britain's pound hovered near a two-month high ahead of a crucial…
This is the same who wants to ban freedom of movement except for foreign artistes performing at the Royal Opera House. Give me strength..
Northern Ireland prepares for worst-case Brexit scenario
I’ve got my Brexit playlist on whilst I follow it on here. :)
You know what else doesn’t spark joy? Brexit
You vile Tory spiv - you are just attempting to make the biggest personal fortune out of the catastrophe your hard Brexit would inflict on everyone else in this country
LIVE: U.K. Parliament casts final vote on Brexit agreement via
'Don’t let the sufferings you see frighten you. Place them before the Crucifix and the Eucharist from which we draw patient and compassionate love. (RT) ' Thank you Holy Father. #BRexit #UK and #TheNations of the #world. #WorldNews
As a distraction from the Brexit debacle I'd like to focus on a much more important debate: "movie" or "film", do you resolutely stick to one or the other term, use them interchangeably or use them specifically for different types of cinema?
Where they voted leave . Wondered why you have not been spouting your anti -brexit hatred today .
Shocker, didn't see that coming, who thought there'd be a downside to brexit position tgat matches tge government's.
Reality checks are a Brexit specialty on this thread .. Keep calm &amp; carry on losing.
Cos the ageing gammon are more likely to be Brexiteers. When the house is paid off and you're on a final salary pension you can treat Brexit as a spectator sport. They'll be dead B4 many consequences play out so don't care. Brexit before Exit
Compassionate as A Gestapo Torturer or an IOF stormtrooper 80% Tory MPs belong to Fiends of Israhell...think about it....
This point was always obvious but the Tory Gov has been trying to pull the wool over everyone's eyes. The deal between the EU and UK has not changed one iota. Well done Joanna Cherry for forcing the clarity.
Forex- Dollar Dips on Rate View, Pound Rises ahead of Brexit Vote -
Hahaha fkn hell go away get evidence because it seems your all reading from the Same script all lies I wouldn't go down that road pal we can get evidence on tory Labour coalition l over Scotland. Labstaining on welfare and brexit out away ya red torie
The deal that could not be renegotiated is about to be renegotiated. Bin it...Lets go WTO.
JRM "We have got a remainers brexit" (Or perhaps crashing off the end of the ERG Rollercoaster!)
Some great analysis on about the impact of the Brexit vote not just on the UK and EU but on Canada too.
Interesting to hear talk about trust and not delivering on promises. Imagine if some MPs promised to back Brexit and then when safely elected worked tirelessly to sabotage it. What a disgrace to democracy that would be. #Brexit
Does anybody know what's going on with Brexit ! Just its gone quite and doesn't seem to be any coverage on the radio or telly today
Forex- Dollar Dips on Rate View, Pound Rises ahead of Brexit Vote -
British TV sets market to boom as soon as people discover blanket 24/7/365 news coverage has indelibly burned "BREXIT" into their screens
#Brexit in a nutshell. #Leave: snappy meaningless slogan you can project into. #Remain: words.
Stocks tripped by earnings angst, sterling huddled for Brexit vote #USA #US #USBiz
Scottish property market continues to defy Brexit uncertainties #Scotland #Scottish #property #forsale #homes #Brexit
Parliament debates and votes on May's Brexit deal – watch live
heh heh. We love the different views of our followers on various things whether we agree with them or not, in fact 50% of our party don't agree with the other 50% where #Brexit is concerned by we all happily trundle on together without falling out.
Attorney General Geoffrey_Cox "This deal is the key, there is no other; destroy it in some form or other, the only practicable deal, and the path to Brexit becomes shrouded in obscurity."
EU citizens ANYWHERE...you can HELP Scotland by signing this EU-approved petition to permit independent Scotland to RE-join EU after Brexit with no queue.
I really have gone off the idea of beef.... Noted that the EU doesn't allow hormones as research states one is a carcinogenic. Yummy.
Taoiseach says 24 medicines are on a “watchlist”to ensure there is adequate supply if there is a no deal Brexit. Says the advice is not to stockpile because that could affect the supply chain
GBP/USD loses the grip and drops to 1.2840 ahead of Brexit vote
JRM kept on top of this one. Sorry you threw everything at him and just wound yourself up
Let’s not call the peak just yet.
Watch how Brexit differences were discussed over dinner at a fish and chip restaurant in Hull:
Look what happened in UK. Brexit. The break up of the EU. That is Putin's mission. It is naive to think any politician will fix the problems with First Nations relations. It's TRUE Trudeau failed here as it was something he campaigned on but we need to be concerned with Democracy
"As well as the regulator’s investigation, Britain’s parliament has looked into whether the data gleaned from around 87 million Facebook users was used to influence in the 2016 Brexit referendum and the election of Donald Trump as U.S. president." #cambridgeanalytica
Just finished chairing a mtg of the ambassadors’ council of - another superb meeting discussing issues as broad as the environmental &amp; conservation implications of #Brexit through to endangered species &amp; habitats. And a warm welcome to our newest ambassador
brexit vote was an impetuous marriage proposal. You’re in love, the sun’s shining and everything’s great. Then you get to know them, it starts raining &amp; the need to think about it pokes it’s head up. After all, marriage is a huge commitment and you don’t want to bugger it up!
The latest The C of E Newspaper Daily! Thanks to #brexitvote #brexit
Maurice Glasman: "The free movement of labour, capital, goods and services, on which the European Union is based, is a vision of eternal capitalism in which it is illegal, by treaty law, to challenge the domination of finance within the economy."
Nah this has to be a joke Right???
This is quite mad. 20,000 soliders isn’t classed as a hard border?
ANOTHER GOOD, BRIEF SPEECH FROM BRIXHAM MP. JUST AS THE £32M SHORTFALL IN MAINTENANCE ON TORBAY HOSPITAL IS IMPACTING, CLOSING A QUARTER OF OUR WARDS AND OPERATIONS, BREXIT WILL CURTAIL OUR ACTIVITIES IN EUROPE EG RETIRING IN THE SUN, MARRYING A EUROPEAN.
You must #RevokeArticle50
This is only the end of the beginning of our Brexit civil war. This momentous week in parliament will not bring closure. There is no deal available that can do that.
Are you ready for the #Brexit deal vote!? Access rates and live streaming charts from your mobile device with Trading Station for iOS and Android. 78.58% of retail CFD accounts lose money
Love this guy. Honest and brave. Just listen to what he’s saying. Please.
There is only one person who can put deals on the table. As PM Mrs May put her deadly deal on the table. When or dies she has the chance to put a proper Brexit deal on the table. Had she the flexibility to do that?
UK PM May spokesman: PM May to respond quickly after Brexit vote in Parliament
The instant gratification mindset of the wealthy has blinded you to the fact that the infrastructure to handle Brexit doesn't yet exit. Unless of course you count cannibalism.
Boris, there was a plot by you to fucking cause Brexit. That bus still pisses me off. Why aren't you in prison?
Whatever happens with today's Brexit Plan vote (ie devastating defeat), let us never forget that Jacob Rees-Mogg is absolute human garbage.
On the short run Brexit may seem a bad idea, but on the long run Brexit is good for Britons. The pound will initially go down, but will eventually go up. more tourists, greater exports, less imports, closer to commonwealth. #brexitinbetweeners #BrexitVote #Brexit #TheresaMay
Now available exclusivley from #ReenaPrints #Brexit #endofdays #IDidntWantToLeaveEU #sticker #decal Get yours now from the website. Available in black/white or any colour you want. #March2019 #BrexitBetrayal #Remainers #Remoaners
It's D-Day for Brexit. UK lawmakers vote later today on Prime Minister Theresa May's Brexit deal that was negotiated with the European Union. If it passes, that's the last big hurdle before the UK leaves the EU in March. If it fails, well, no one really...
Nick Thomas-Symonds ( ) for Labour giving a much more convincing speech in today’s #Brexit debate than his Tory counterpart Geoffrey Cox.
Drive the Brexit Bus!
Brexit amendment that might have limited PM's losses is rejected
Where is the clip of the Labour MP defending their choice? Oh, sorry, I forgot, you're not allowed to give Labour MPs a fair hearing. #BBCBias
Tuesday briefing: Brexit vote – numbers stacked against May's deal – The Guardian
Brexit is giving me anxiety
Will the price go up or down after Brexit? Life's a gamble.
MPs in #Oldham, #Rochdale and #Tameside to reject #Brexit deal They're due to vote later this evening following the final day of debates
Corbyn's position is disastrous. His hemming-hawing makes it more likely that Britain goes thru a no-deal Brexit at worst, &amp; a permanently divided Britain at best.
Doesn’t matter what they will decide in the next 6 hours, they will still have one of the most beautiful parliaments in the world. #brexit #westminsterLive
Backed by 17.4+m!
Because unfortunately Brexit seems to be taking up every ounce (or gram if you prefer) of their energy.
Army veteran dies just 3 months after being reunited with long lost daughter on #TheJeremyKyleShow after years of struggling with drug addiction brought on by PTSD. Another solider let down #Brexit #UKIP #JeremyKyle #StandWithOurLads
Brexit will be good for Liverpool, as we reorient away from the South-East and the Continent. Don't be played by London! No Deal is in our interests!
Despite a deal between Switzerland and the UK, there's still a lot of confusion around for Brits in Switzerland due to #brexit. I tried to clear this up and looked for answers from the British ambassador
#BuildTheWall DO YOUR JOB!
Brussels boasts that Brexit deal will tie UK to EU rules for years
Massive news ahead of tonight's crucial vote... Boreham Wood FC have basically said that Brexit means Brexit.
MPs will see this message outside Parliament today. Let's grasp the opportunities Brexit provides....let's go global...let's go WTO....It's the only way to respect the referendum result
And so say all of us......
Looking back will only give you a pain in the neck. The problem I see is the factions of parliament are using Brexit as a weapon, that is making a mockery of our political process. The only thing worse than no deal is a Labour government.
Watching final #Brexit debate before parliament vote on #BrexitDeal... The entirety of the matter as well as the very debate is as surreal as it gets.
British PM faces defeat in historic Brexit deal vote via
have already resigned myself to the fact that any outcome of brexit will be a shitshow that will greatly inconvenience a lot of people but - even with that in mind - if your MP is Labour and votes for May's deal you should chase them out of town with torches and pitchforks
Brexit amendment that might have limited PM's losses is rejected #MeaningfulVote #BrexitVote
What about the home rule crisis of 1910-1914? May's gov and the DUP vs Lloyd-George and the Irish nationalists, it's a spitting parallel to our Brexit problem today.
Absolutely
If it's put to a peoples vote Brexit will be dead as the majority don't want it!
Our useless MPs are trying get a hold of #Brexit, but we are doing what we can to draw attention to #shutdownZimbabwe
Your own reminder highlights why your initial warning is pointless. It's not the relatively small group of so called 'purist Brexiteers' that hold sway. It's the 'clear MAJORITY of Remainer MPs' that aren't voting for *any* variant of Brexit. Even the BRINO offered by May/Robbins
Note he refers to ‘vast areas of our laws’ and not all of them being repatriated from the EUSSR. Typical legal speak!!
Let’s cancel Brexit x
UK readies for historic Brexit deal vote
Brexit in a nutshell
Nairobi's May says she will respond quickly after key Brexit vote
Confused by the difference between the PM's deal, no deal, remaining or the Canada and Norway options? Here's a quick reminder of Theresa May’s agreement (and the four main alternatives)
"What are you playing at? What are you doing? You are not children in the playground, you are legislators." Attorney general Geoffrey Cox's message to MPs in the Brexit deal debate. Follow live updates here:
May uses the defense of a concentration camp guard.
US-based toy retailer Build-A-Bear has lowered expectations for its full year revenue due to Brexit fears &gt;&gt;
Wow can't believe it's only six or so hours till they pass the deal first time and Brexit is over.
Cabinet Source: May Could Resign if She Suffers Heavy Brexit Vote Defeat
$GBPUSD $BP $RDS.A: London Markets: FTSE 100 clings to gains as London investors await crucial Brexit vote:
What an awful thing to say about a fellow MP, is one of the most honest decent MPs l know and wouldn't do this to "make a point" Kemi should be supporting MPs in this situation not trying to score petty political points, very hurtful thing to say, not good at all
Just wait for "nothing has changed"
sad is towards remain. not backing a 2nd ref could well hurt labour badly in long run if brexit goes ahead leading to job losses, recession
Ahead of today's decision on Theresa May's #Brexit plan, calls for a #PeoplesVote are building. Read Mark Dawson's take on the pros and cons of a second referendum.
Answering an urgent question on Ford Bridgend, says a decision is expected next month on where to build the new Ineos car - Wales or Portugal. It’ll be the biggest test of Wales’s ability to withstand Brexit, says Skates.
And surely there's a possibility that some formerly Remain Labour MPs will join the Brexit camp because their constituencies voted heavily for Leave. There are few scenarios in which the Remain team looks stronger than in 2016. (Cont'd.)
“No iT w0z Teh RuzZian5 w0t d!d iT!!!”
The Brexit vote is today - live updates: #Brexit #UK #BrexitVote
OR for a more enjoyable experience you might consider getting Root Canal or pretending to be a inmate at Guantanamo bay.
It seems no coincidence that Brexit started in the Conservative party and the only people who still passionately speak out in favour of it are wealthy Tories. #BrexitVote
Conservative Party chairman Brandon Lewis in Brexit votes 'pairing' row with new mum Jo Swinson MP
If the current Brexit fiasco is an illustration of his point, it's not a good one.
Remember the days when Brexit wasn't even a word??! #boredofitnow
Morning Brief: 5 possible outcomes if Brexit deal is rejected today via
I genuinely feel now this Arsenal mess is worse than the Brexit one... #Afc #Arsenal
UK business braces for Brexit vote
So looking like Plan A++ #FPBE
Sue and I can't be the only ones who feel this way. A big thank you to all those who tweet tummy-knot unwinders!! (Includes adorable pics of any animal, child or wildlife.)
BBCNEWS 6:10am BREXIT DEAL VOTE 7. Live coverage of the vote from 7pm on BBC News Channel I BREXIT DEAL VOTE. PM: Voting against deal...
#Brexit Superb photographs and telling text. HT .
British Prime Minister Theresa May Is Facing a Big Brexit Defeat
So those who voted Brexit just don't care ? Honestly Ron you need to get out more .People from all different backgrounds,races and colours voted leave. Some were even gay. I know you'll find that hard to believe but honestly they did
Jenkins and Lilley on the same page ... Great minds, eh ?
UK parliament to vote on Brexit deal today - World Socialist Web Site
No, because bloody May isn’t a Leaver and she bloody override her Brexit secretaries. Bloody get it?
Right predictions time #Brexit #vote what do you think folks?
Theresa May facing crunch vote on her Brexit deal
Politicians don't want to leave for our benefit, I can assure you of that. Brexit has been promoted and financed by some very, very wealthy people. Ask yourself why. And what you said isn't fact. It's wishful thinking, I'm afraid. I'm sure you'd like it to be fact, though.
Good speech! Shameful that the place is so empty on such an important issue. Says it all.
She can't even keep a straight face while claiming this
FOX NEWS ALERT: Crucial Brexit vote in UK parliament today
Decision day for May's Brexit bill as UK Parliament holds key vote
Here's my new EP release #BolloxtoBrexit a dance floor comment on the chaos that is Brexit
Insanity! Utterly irresponsible to even suggest that Parliament do nothing, indeed be blocked from doing anything, to prevent a No Deal Brexit!
There is nothing stopping the Govt incentivising business to stay here (maybe they even tried to) but car manufacturing over here relies heavily on JIT, which will be v. difficult post brexit. JLR would be irresponsible not to change operations to circumvent that.
We met our colleagues from in London today as part of the roundtable with UK farm leaders to discuss #Brexit &amp; the importance of trade between the two islands.
UK parliament to vote on Brexit deal today - World Socialist Web Site
Hilarious and excruciating by equal measure. For a sense of the chaos engulfing British politics, look no further than this excellent summary by of #Brexit
These idiots desperately want the £39bn. We should hold out, go no deal and make them sweat.
So much to take in here but I really can't get past the idea of voting for Hitler to get away from Quisling
I am afraid gove has no idea he was and still is part of the brexir team
On Brexit our MPs have been in hiding. They must show themselves. Leavers and remainers, Labour and Tory, have been playing a game, keeping their real motives secret. It‘s left Britain weaker.
Britain’s parliament is set to reject Prime Minister Theresa May’s deal to leave the European Union. Brexit defeat will begin process of elimination, says :
Absolutely!
If you’re a Doctor in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a debacle for you. If you live in the North West of England then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this debacle! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
James O'Brien's Unmissable Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote - LBC
Brexit vote live: MPs battle over Theresa May’s deal via
"Brexit Vote: Parliament to Decide on E.U. Withdrawal Plan" by THE NEW YORK TIMES via NYT
Many European countries now making needless investments to be ready for stupid British hard #Brexit…
Pro-Welsh Assembly vote won by a majority of 6,721 votes. The result that won with a majority of 0.30% was respected. Pro-Brexit Referendum vote won by a majority of 1,269,501 votes. The result that won with a majority of 3.78% isn't respected by people like these Remainers!
Honest Mistake.
'Brexit boxes': Hundreds sold as Britons stock up for no-deal food supply disruption
Finastra CEO: US and European #banks differ when it comes to #innovation Simon Paris on CNBC: #Fintech a key area of investment for 2019, #tech startup uncertainty, #Brexit, open #banking, &amp; more!
Stocks tripped by earnings angst, sterling huddled for Brexit vote
People voted leave. The deal will fail because it is not true Brexit.
Theresa May’s weasel words exposed by the SNP’s redoubtable Joanna Cherry QC.
Come on all the Associations with an MP that supports remain and does so against the wishes of your Association deselect now. #BREXIT
Hilarious thread on Cake &amp; Brexit! A must read!
I think this analysis is correct. The Brexiteers are unable to grasp that May’s deal (or something like it) is what Brexit looks like in practice. As a result, it becomes self-defeating.
I’ve spent most of my day standing at the door, I can’t decide if I want to stay in or go out. My human says much like Brexit. I have no idea what she’s talking about, I’m a cat.
Brexit vote later ... today is not a day to give up drinking!
'Don’t let the sufferings you see frighten you. Place them before the Crucifix and the Eucharist from which we draw patient and compassionate love. (RT) ' Thank you Holy Father. #ServantofHope #BRexit #UK and #TheNations of the #world. #WorldNews
Scotland is a European nation. #No2Yes #DissolveTheUnion #Brexit
What #brexit did was to unite Melenchon(left) and Marine LePen(right) against Cameron(center?) , The result....Remain won just not with enough votes(50%+1) to not go in second round. #SecondReferendum
What time is the Brexit meaningful vote in Parliament tonight, and when will we know the result?
choosing to study law is the deadest thing ever all we ever talk about is brexit
New: Would the government’s defeat mean a no-deal Brexit? (£ !?)
Highlight: "If there is a no-deal Brexit … that would be terrible for business, trade, employers," says about today's Brexit talks. "It would cause ripples throughout the world and major heartache here in the UK."
Waiting for Brexit to disappear like Kevin Spacey at the end of Ususl Suspects...
LIVE: Europe watches on as UK parliament prepares to vote on Brexit deal
Theresa May’s last ditch plea to MPs to vote for her Brexit deal in factory that received £429K EU grant via
Later today #uk MP's vote on pm may's #brexit deal with #EU. Outcome of the vote is a open secret : #reject ,but unfortunately things still uncertain and no signs of any possible resolution to the issue after 2 1/2 years since exit referendum.
"So we believe, as Mrs May to her credit does, that Brexit must mean Brexit and we remind the intellectuals out there, that doesn’t make us all stupid, nationalistic, fascist, ignorant, business stupid, or all of those things." HAHAHA WHAT?
Rolling coverage on #EuronewsTonight from 6pm GMT, 7pm CET
As one of the 25,000, no need to wait for the next GE. The party cannot be trusted to deliver #brexit. Don’t vote for Tory Councillors on 2nd May 2019
A lie. Nothing more and nothing less.
Bloodsucker! My mistake. I guess #Brexit tension goes into my ears.
Translation: For Labour voters, utterly dependent on State handouts and addicted to benefits, No Deal would mean Labour might lose votes.
Let’s hope so, WWR.
Big Boy you obviously know me well, although I don't recall how. My life is just fine thank you and will continue to be after Brexit, not sure if you mean i'm dumb or you're dumb. Sorry not very clear in your reply, or is it because I don't agree with your opinion.
Some of us don't want anything from Brexit. WE DON'T WANT BREXIT!!! #ExitFromBrexit #RemainAndReform #LeadNotLeave
Did he say it in that daft pantomine voice of his...do you think he sounds impressive??...#bbcnews #c4news #brexit
Surely Comrade leader your normal approach is to 'listen to the membership' then when you don't agree with us just keep going with your Brexit line? I thought the key was ignore your MPs, ignore members, ignore facts - you are right?
You underestimate sir! I am both! #Brexit #BrexitVote
Thanks Sally Jones from and Jonathan from for joining us to tell us how you’re prepping businesses for #Brexit
Bet he voted brexit, UKIP, bnp, NF and EDL.
Watching the Ministers behind Theresa May change tells its own story. Philip Hammond is the great survivor. #Brexit
The Brexit Paradox: Open Britain, Closed Borders #politics #uk
John Bercow may as well enjoy his power &amp; lap up his popularity from his remain allies because when Brexit is eventually set on one path or another they will happily help his detractors lay him bare to face the allegations of bullying which have convieniently been forgotten.
Here's the Kemi Badenoch point about Tulip Siddiq earlier
Markets Brace for Brexit Vote – 15 January 2019
Treason May needs to resign before the meaningful vote, if this vote goes ahead the government could fall, could be the end for the Tories and Brexit..she wouldnt be so selfish as to destroy her party and thwart 17 million people..#pariah
Research predicts Theresa May’s Brexit bill will suffer biggest government defeat EVER via
Pound May Celebrate Brexit Deal Defeat as US Dollar Gains on PPI
it's been a (failed) bluff from day one - and the EU called them on it...
Not good news for my breakfast! Hard #Brexit to hit #Danish #bacon, #butter exports to #Britain - OECD
Racism, Xenophobia and ignorance The three pillars that support #Brexit
Business ‘simply could not cope’ with no-deal Brexit
Watch Live: U.K. Parliament Delivers Verdict on Brexit via
Doctor started to chat about Brexit while giving me stitches lmaoo
Well here's something you won't get from and the usual suspects, do you think they may have an agenda ? Of course there will be new talks, hopefully without the spineless PM in charge
Brexit Deal or No Deal - today's the day! via Theresa May’s offer of 39 BILLION to the EU Reverend Simon explains it would take 31 years earning £1 a second to earn just one billion! + We voted Leave! How dared we!
Much I dislike Rees Mogg’s greed and stand on Brexit, I thought this was a missed opportunity for James to pin him down to most of his false assertions on the benefits of Brexit.
Not voting doesn't mean you can't vote ever again People voted in the understanding that our leaving EU would be handled efficiently It has been a mess from day one Sorry but brexit ain't happening Tories dropped the ball
David Davis here pulling off the astonishing trick of correctly associating #Brexit with #Suez, when a British government's misjudgement of its own capacity, in an world order its ruling class hadn't accepted and failed to understand - fuelled by mistruth by PM - shattered #UK
James O'Brien's Unmissable Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote
Here's my full speech on #Brexit from late last night. In the 21st century the battle to save our planet is inseparable from the battle to limit the power of big business and build a better world for all. There is no doubt that Brexit jeopardises this.
Let's hope this is the case! #Brexit #BrexitVote #MeaningfulVote
1st Brexit will always fail because what the majority of leave voters want is an end to free movement of people/lower immigration. But, as pointed out, whoever we trade with will want visas and movement of their people.
‘Wise men speak because they have something to say: fools becuase they have to say something’ (Plato). #Brexit
Yeah yeah Brexit, yawn, for the *real* news today, look no further than Stroud
Exactly, and this is also part of my anxiety about Brexit. There's a considerable overlap between die-hard Brexit support and climate change denial.
Labour MP to delay birth of child to vote against #Brexit deal 'because Tories could break pairing arrangement'. I salute her. Definitely cannot trust the #Conservatives
James O'Brien's Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote
Complete dereliction of duty on behalf of the PM and thus government. Utterly shameful. Leadership desperately needed from and . Must back a #PeoplesVote as #OnlyWayForward. Do not let down young people at such a vital time.
One minute you are asking, if WTO is so good, why are there no countries trading solely on WTO. The next, you query if any countries are interested in doing a trade deals!! ie They prefer to stay on WTO!! Cognitive dissonance or what.
So Plan B is Plan A with one major difference, there's a "B" where the "A" used to be.
Brexit Vote In Focus: New Phase About To Begin
Do you reckon the Brexit Dream Team of him and Colin Wanker could keep us in the G7 this season?
Can we pass legislation to have the likes of Mogg repatriated to Antarctica?
Commons Speaker John Bercow has selected four amendments which MPs will have a chance to vote on before the final vote on Theresa May’s proposed Brexit withdrawal agreement
This is #SpreadShitPhil talking, the one who first said "People didn't vote to be poorer" . What a slimey comment to have made, after all the government's advice and the pamphlet.
Well said Betty
Theresa May will not quit even if she suffers a crushing defeat in the House of Commons tonight - Vows to fight on for Brexit deal via #Brexit #TheresaMay #TeresaMay #Corbyn #JeremyCorbyn #FBPE #Barnier
Brexit: Why voting down Theresa May’s deal is in the national interest – Ian Murray MP
'I'm selling now to beat Brexit house price crash': should homeowners gamble on a property market slump? #propertymarket via
EXPLAINER-What happens if PM May loses vote on her Brexit deal? The enemies of Brexit are truly devious and will use any form of subterfuge to prevent the UK from leaving the evil clutches of...
"Remember Brexit? What was that all about" - me on Friday.
Brexit deal: British PM faces defeat in historic vote
#brexit why would u pay $39B for it and then have a backstop as well, ridiculous !
Wow I love Twitter
Why do we want to stay in the #EU Asking for a friend. #brexit
JPMORGAN CEO JAMIE DIMON ON BREXIT: 'WE STILL DON'T BELIEVE IT WILL BE HARD' (Neither did he....)
The reactionaries have it.
In 2 years time swear to god, we will all be saying ‘remember all that Brexit...? What a total load of bollocks’
That’s fine but it is important that those involved make that clear. Brexit is NOT the will of the people. It is the will of approx 700k many of whom will now be dead!
Game of Thrones starting in April and Brexit starting at the end of March is no coincidence. The final season is actually a live stream of Britain as it battles for survival.
A "no deal" (more accurately a "No EU deal") Brexit happens anyway unless MPs want to be forced to take their "leap in the dark" and try to revoke A50. #Brexit
Labour are abstaining.
Exactly. Politicians mostly always seem to lie for self gain. Using that information as a basis do you really think #VoteLeave or May etc. are trustworthy? Let’s reset the whole brexit thing and start again with the knowledge we have gained over the last two years.
You wish... Voting against Brexit deal could lead to united Ireland, warns PM May
I've written up my thoughts on what could happen next after May's Brexit vote; and the compromises/risks involved. Please take a read if you get the chance!
We opt for chaos until the government gives us a real Brexit. Until then this entire mess lies with the government by not going through with what leave voters voted for. #wto
British lawmaker delays birth for Brexit vote: Tulip Siddiq, a member of the UK's House of Commons, moved her C-section to vote against Theresa May's deal. She will be brought in by wheelchair.
I urge you to listen to this. James O'Brien's Unmissable Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote.
If they do, we must remember and remove ALL of them at the next GE. Every single one, irrespective of party. That's democracy.
A similar situation to when 'consent' means the same as 'with-holding consent'.
100%, TNS are definitely Brexit and think Piers Morgan is a top lad for triggering snowflakes.
Bunch of lying traitorous bastards. They should all be forced to stand again, right now in their area on a no Brexit platform. Let's see how the anti democratic rats fair then.
I take the view that voting it down likely results in no deal but it’s better to force MPs into voting for no brexit and make them reap what they sow later rather than except this non brexit brexit
Theresa May on her way to historic defeat in Brexit mood
On at 230pm to repeat our call for clarity and certainty for small business and outline benefits of a Brexit Advice Service
(Varadkar noted that there is advice NOT to stockpile these 24 medicines because this, in turn could affect the supply chain in the meantime. SF's Pearse Doherty eschews Brexit to discuss the impending INMO strike. #dail
How can we preserve 'The Union' by leaving the Union. It seems you have dug your own grave with Brexit
Oh, just fuck off.
Theresa May on her way to historic defeat in Brexit mood
FOXNEWS 6:11am BARR (ONFIRMADON HEARING. . . . TODAY: CRUCIAL BREXIT VOTE IN UK PARLIAMENT
AI would have liked to hear what Mr Rees-Mogg had to say but all I could hear was the constant croaking of your resident toad
Theresa May on her way to historic defeat in Brexit mood
The latest The UK Wealth Daily! Thanks to #brexit #uk
If only you had even a glimmer of an idea as to what voters wanted. You didn’t know then. You don’t know now. There are possibly c.17m different motives. Many overlap into common xenophobia, but none of them justify Brexit. Dimbo Davis has exacerbated the clusterfuck, not helped.
So basically says the only way this mess can be settled in the is with a majority vote How dare she I listen in amazement at how MPs blatantly abuse the words democracy,majority to further their own personal,political views #Democracy #Brexit
The "Leave Vote" has to go through, you can't go back on an original vote, regardless of how close. The people voted and it has to be accepted and this fear mongering has to stop! #Brexit
Theresa May on her way to historic defeat in Brexit mood
Talk about the pan calling the kettle burnt arse
You know brexit wont happen so stop ya moaning. Go arrest some knife wielding scooter louts
Honest Mistake.
Did they say where it fell between Ragnarok and the Book of the Revelation? Just trying to adequately gauge my apocalypses. #Brexit #Ragnarok #Bragnarexit
Back page of the Metro on #Brexit day
Government ‘sneaks out’ £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote
Similar sentiments listed here
UK lawmakers prepare to deliver verdict on Theresa May's Brexit deal
Done
Doesn't have any respect at all for Labour Party democracy? He doesn't respect the party's democratically elected leader or it's democratically agreed official position. Why does he still claim to represent the LP as one of its MPs.
How to waste a billion quid plus.
He's right, of course. I was given a number of options that didn't pan out before the Maastricht referendum.
Fresh News British lawmaker Tulip Siddiq delays birth for Brexit vote Tulip Siddiq, a member of the UK's House of Commons, moved her C-section to vote against Theresa May's deal. She will be brought in by #usatoday
Whilst I agree we'd be better off cancelling Brexit I find this tweet laughable. We will still be in a country where tens of thousands have been made destitute, homeless, and even killed by Tory and coalition government. That won't change just because remainers get their way.
Government ‘sneaks out’ £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote
No ! WTO rules are very clear!
Remember: Labour's substantive difference from the gov't comes down to permanent customs union &amp; guarantees on workers' and consumer rights. Much left mood music is to play down the gravity of Brexit (see today's email from the People's Assembly). From that, much will follow
The latest UNDER1ROOF! #metoo #brexit
Reaction to Brexit Deal/Vote via /r/StockMarket #stocks #investing
UK lawmakers are expected to reject Theresa May's Brexit deal. Gregory Katz of reports. #ANCRecap
I added a video to a YouTube playlist Brexit Deal or No Deal - today's the day!
Do we ignore the british electorate and risk 20 years of labour in power or do you politicians make brexit work? Stop complaining stop trying to find things that can go wrong but find solutions
I got 11!
BBC News - Theresa May facing crunch vote on her Brexit deal
Can’t leave on WTO terms - membership would have to be be negotiated and get support of countries like Argentina. No-deal would be disastrous. Only ones who say it wouldn’t are Brexiteers some of whose businesses have moved abroad to avoid Brexit damage. Actions speak louder...!
Brexit shood be done hard as possible we need our glorious union to endure and Scotland needs put in its place like Northern Ireland was -brexit will deal with scrubbers junkies foreigners and fake homeless people- Little pain for big gain in future
Playing with reality again Whichever SuperM wants market share will go cheapest If all do same then it's a cartel with consequences
(Joke Exploder: this is a joke about today's Brexit vote in parliament and plays off the usual image of my colleagues frantically trying to keep up with what's been dubbed 'Crazy Town'.)
Hope #article50 gets revoked today. #brexshit #brexit sorry Mrs May. Stop playing with people's lives.
Question: is there any metaphor for Brexit that politicians haven't stretched way too far
&gt; so Le Monde wanted to talk to the left behind about Brexit. Interestingly, they didn't feel obliged to go to King's Lynn but picked (51-49, ie representative) Knowsley
Stephen Crabb: ‘I will vote to deliver Brexit tonight’ #Pembrokeshire
Impact of BREXIT on food and beverage industry
LIVE: Theresa May battles through final hours to fight off historic Brexit defeat - Business Insider
Brexit vote in parliament a likely no. Teresa May will need a new plan to exit EU
Just a normal Tuesday afternoon website story for a Vanarama Confrrence side: A casual 1450 words on Brexit...
Just in: Brexit – An Indian analogy: Abhijeet Banerjee The UK voted to part ways with Europe in 2016, and at the time it really confused everybody. Why would somebody in their right mind try to disassociate themselves from one of the most economically…
I'm disappointed but not unexpected.
Don’t sleep on key Brexit Vote. One more thing to make markets nervous. Ahead of Commons vote, Theresa May makes a final plea.
BBCNEWS 6:12am BREXIT DEAL VOTE. The EU sent written assurances to the PM yesterday I BREXIT DEAL VOTE ". Labour, Lib Dems &amp; SNP...
Brexit is going to be a disaster. Soft, Hard or No Deal Brexit. Brexit is a mess. Full stop.
a dance floor comment on Brexit featuring Danny Dyer
Were you born then, I was and I still remember shortages and power cuts. I do not want that again. Remain in the EU.
UK lawmaker Tulip Siddiq delays caesarian for Brexit vote
Continued lack of clarity over #Brexit is causing inevitable economic uncertainty and stress, but the timber sector and Timber Trade Federation is focused on business development regardless, writes TTF Managing Director David Hopkins ---&gt; | #timbertrade
#StopBrexit it's the #willofthepeople in #Chester so no #brexit please
The five main possible outcomes if the Brexit deal is rejected
-its a disaster -theresa may can't deliver -we want a real brexit like we voted on - bla bla bla STOP IT ALL OF YOU Are you willing to put a hard border on the n-Irish border? Yes or no? THAT'S THE CRUX OF THE ARGUMENT, ANSWER IT #Brexit #BrexitVote
With no leadership, will the UK survive?
Members of Parliament set to vote on Brexit deal
BELGIAN MEP Philippe Lamberts appeared to confirm the fears of Brexiteers as he outright rejected proposals for a deadline to the backstop included in the Brexit Withdrawal Agreement, insisting Northern Ireland could only avoid a hard border if
UK/EU: What happens to UK #dataprotection &amp; #gdpr if there is a no-deal #brexit? Here is the official statement from the UK Department for Digital, Culture, Media and Sport. #gdprcompliance #privacy #brexitdeal #brexitvote
Remain or Leave? A Photographic Journey Through Brexit
Brexit Vote: Parliament to Decide on E.U. Withdrawal Plan
Many of us know what is happening. Bannon is a key player in your farce of the presidency and in the brexit debacle. That's the REAL coup. Double whammy? #BrexitVote #RussianAsset #TrumpShutdown #BrexitChaos #PutinPuppet (s)
THERESA May has been...
Of course it is fear-mongering. Threatening of jobs (by moving etc) There will be bumps in the road. Predictions are folly once weve stared them in the eye &amp; walked. The EU are petrified of our departure. There will be post Brexit trading agreements with the EU. More on our terms
#brexit in a nutshell
Our Public Affairs team have put together a note on the state of play ahead of tonight’s #Brexit vote:
A man of zero principles A man who only wants power #Brexit
Please send a message to your MP as soon as possible telling them to reject Theresa May's Brexit Deal. Not long to go. If you scroll further down my feed you can use a pro forma which automatically emails them or tweet / call their office. #BrexitVote #PeoplesVote
Much as I dislike Rees Mogg’s greed and stand on Brexit, I thought this was a missed opportunity for James to pin him down to most of his false assertions on the benefits of Brexit.
Do you really want to compare Brexit to Kevin Spacey?
Apparently only 8% what a new referendum
Brexit deal vote expected around 20:00 GMT after vote on four amendments
Don't panic: you're British! Treasury Minister Mel Stride leaving No. 10 yesterday with these notes #Brexit #BrexitShambles #BrexitVote #NoDealBrexit
I can’t believe people can still believe in Brexit while watching Jacob Rees Mogg (not to be mistaken for a villain from the Sherlock Holmes movies) one of the biggest advocates for Brexit, unable to answer questions and get absolutely humiliated #lbc #Brexit
The Speaker, #JohnBercow, selected four of the 13 amendments tabled to the motion for the #Brexit meaningful vote. What do those four amendments mean, and will they pass?
Members of Parliament are preparing to vote on whether to back Prime Minister Theresa May's deal for leaving the European Union. May has called for politicians to back her deal or risk "letting the...
The House of Lords is seriously undemocratic but on days like today, as a council of wise elders, it comes into its own. Bravo Betty - well said.
I would say 'told you so' but brexit gets stuck in my throat. #BrexitVote #PeoplesVote
#Brexit likely to impact all areas of #HR and the #workforce. Listen to our EY People Advisory Services webcast recording where we discuss the suggestions for immediate actions to take in the run up to Brexit.
Addled.
The fair share of the Brexit Dividend is a Divide by Zero error if not a share of the increased debt. Nothing that will be transformative, these areas won't be helped by pork barrell promises, and borrowed money that mortgages out sovereignty. No Free Brexit Lunch.
The Launch Pad: May losing support on key Brexit Vote
James O'Brien's Unmissable Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote - LBC
Portugal meet underside of EU bus, Again.
Just because you back the deal doesn't mean you are a 'quisling traitor', as I have seen (and experienced) on twitter. True patriots want to get out of the EU and see our economy grow. #brexit
Cox says some MPs want to stop Brexit by voting the dealdown. But why does no one in parliament explicitly reject Brexit? 50% of population don't want it, where is THEIR voice?
Theresa May facing crunch vote on her Brexit deal
Pay attention to UN report on the state of Poverty in UK by . When you're the shadow party you'll have plenty of time to reflect on your cruelty. #backto60 #onevoice #judicialreview #GeneralElectionNow
If #Brexit has taught us anything it is that the uk is a more intelligent and civilised country with eu immigrants.
Obviously, that 2.5 years could have been better spent in preparation. We had adequate time to prepare, now we don't. This is not rocket surgery! An FTA would have been the best Brexit, and might still be possible, but if not WTO is the best option because it is definite and /1
Great thread,
Wise words indeed. This government has created the most chaotic process since the second world war. Time to restore order by staying in Europe and building on our current relationship.
When do MPs vote on the Brexit deal?
As mentioned in my message, I've received over 100 emails on the EU Withdrawal Bill from constituents over the last few days - they come from all across the constituency
#Brexit ostriches burring their heads in the sand... In front of the European Parliament... How fitting for today... #BrexitDeal #BrexitVote #EU #TheresaMay
Everyone’s got a favourite #Brexit analogy, right?
Relatively uncovered on : fiscal stimulus (tax cuts) rallied futures to 2600 overnight. These gains have now been repealed. $JPM $WFC earnings are pushing banks lower. A sharp move lower today will break the wedge and be a technical negative. Brexit vote on deck @ 3 EST
Another Marvel film, more brexit talk, reds moaning to city fans about filling a stadium when they don't go the game themselves, its boring this twitter lark isn't it.
People's Vote : 88% of members want. Immediate No Confidence Vote. Doing nothing now not an option. Support for Torykip Brexit will damage Labour for 20 years and hand the baton to #EndtheMess #BacktotheFuture #Frauderendum
$UKX - LONDON MARKETS: FTSE 100 Clings To Gains As London Investors Await Crucial Brexit Vote
Jeremy Corbyn has pledged to support a People's Vote if he cannot secure a General election. Help us keep him honest. It only takes a moment - let's make sure Labour votes down the deal and supports a People's Vote #Brexitvote .news source: LibDems
Or- perhaps they feel in light of the illegality of the leave campaign and the economic hardship Brexit will cause (to the poor more than most), an informed vote is appropriate?.
Watch how Brexit differences were discussed over dinner at a fish and chip restaurant in Hull:
Then they proceed to Brexit either with the deal they have or no deal...
Well, if imported cars become more expensive post Brexit, that will be good for the UK economy, as more British built cars will be better value. Plus, we need to be buying less cars anyway. Too many bloody cars on the roads.
FUD off the back of media or a reality for some? I think at this stage many have been likely preparing for what appears increasingly likely in #brexit. Or it that me hoping :-)
For goodness sake, we 'obsess' (really?) over independence because UK decisions like Brexit -which Scotland didn't vote for- are going to make the poor poorer. Jees, with Neil Mackay &amp; Paul Hutcheon is it any wonder The 'pro-indy' Sunday Herald went under?
LOL! Better hurry up then.
Brexit vote: Bercow allows four amendments but not one for second referendum - Politics live
Just a normal Tuesday afternoon website story for a Vanarama Conference side: A casual 1450 words on Brexit...
4. ‘We’re going to have an absolute cliff-edge disaster. Lorries will be backed up for miles’.
$UKX - LONDON MARKETS: FTSE 100 Clings To Gains As London Investors Await Crucial Brexit Vote
Hidden behind #Brexit, the #TradeBill is coming back to Parliament. We need a meaningful vote on trade deals, or they could be used to shred our rights and standards. Take action for #TradeDemocracy!
Juts stop sneeing at Brexit. Be objective, Thats all the viewer asks.
That would be relevant if I were Labour member or hung around with Tom Watson, but I have no links to either. Brexit is linked heavily to alt-right, do some research &amp; you will see Brexit supporters also have neo-fascist links/political views. I'd be ashamed if I were you.
I totally agree with Holly, let Gemma quit ... talks cheap... like brexit ... her with it then!!!
It’s Brexit decision day as UK Parliament will hold key vote on PM’s bill
That makes sense...
maybe that's the best way to go: #stopbrexit Brexit vote: Bercow allows four amendments but not one for second referendum - Politics live
You are therefore peddling a lie that Brexit is a Tory issue.
100% agree with If parliament go back to the people saying, Brexit is too difficult for us to implement therefore it's off, it would be quite right of the people to say, well what do we need you lot for!
If parliament fails to deliver Brexit, it may regret doing so. Drop the political games and give what we voted for #Brexit
Brexit vote: Decision day for Theresa May’s deal as UK Parliament holds key vote
The referendum result was based on fraud, horrible manipulative lies, cheating and Russian interference. Implementing ANY Brexit will shaft the UK for generations. Nobody should respect this. The question is, why are you? #Fraud #Liar #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy
Can't fault the seller one bit, but those that are buying need to take a long hard look at themselves. Have they also bought boxes in preparation for a zombie apocalypse or aliens from another planet attacking... Because both are about as likely as a Brexit food shortages.
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT
Morning Brief: 5 possible outcomes if Brexit deal is rejected today via
I'd have two words for them! The second word would be: "you" or "off"!
I probably agree. Also has the added advantage of splitting the Tory Party if the present Govt presides over a Brexit that isn't really Brexit. A Corbyn led Labour Party won't get more than 40% so it needs a deeply spilt opposition. May's Deal only one that keeps Tories united
Rees Mog continually caught in a lie, or failing to answer, by , and somehow the Brexit mob think he "won" because James...what?
Stocks tripped by earnings angst, sterling huddled for Brexit vote
One of the few times a member of the Govt has really gone for ERG criticism of the deal - from Geoffrey Cox no less- and he made his point emphatically in turning around to wave at his own benches
Alyn Smith: What do we do when the deal fails? We need to find a way to stop Brexit
Beyond Brexit, Bercow really is one of the worst things in British politics.
British lawmaker Tulip Siddiq delays birth for Brexit vote
Most funds who wish to deal with EU use it. Not a secret. The largest investor, a Swedish pension fund requested the registration in Dublin: End.
Imagine if 600k votes went the other way and we ended up with #Remain .... what would we be talking about right now? What would our politicians be doing right now? How will our country put the genie back in the bottle and stop this #brexit suicide? #PeoplesVote
Parliament to vote on May's Brexit deal
#Brexit not popular in #Chester as found out on Saturday. Time to #StopBrexit with a #PeoplesVote it's the #OnlyWayForward on #brexit
There was only ever one Brexit it was to fully leave the EU
Government ‘sneaks out’ £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote
EU business grants in Lichfield. Do you trust the UK government to maintain them after Brexit?
Doncaster pub announces plans for Brexit celebration party #Doncaster #BrexitVote #Brexit #BrexitDeal
Anyone voted for good deal brexit in 2016? People voted for brexit only
Story: Why I'll Be Voting Against the PM's Disastrous Brexit Deal - Ruth Cadbury on tonight's vote in the H...
Government ‘sneaks out’ £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote
If the EU is (I am looking at Merkel's interference) preparing to assist May with a new deal for Brexit then I regret I have to say goodbye to the EU and back Corbyn 100% . The most important thing for me is to remove May from controlling and ruining so many lives.
Wow this is weird
Northern Ireland prepares for worst-case Brexit scenario
Brexit: the "all destroyer" of the British constitution.
From Brexit to franchising: An educated guess on what’s in store for 2019. of reveals what he thinks the future of franchising will hold
I have a feeling Brexit will be more like The Terminator in as much as each time you think it’s dead it rises up again!
One of our Brexit experts, from , will be on tomorrow morning to discuss Brexit and the outcome of the meaningful vote. Listen here tomorrow:
a dance floor comment on Brexit got a censored radio edit if you would like to play it out Tom? x
Only, some parts are missing here. Foreign Minister said if #Brexit deal is rejected he could imagine that there are further talks but that he doesn’t expect „substantial changes to what has been agreed”. And: „The agreement is as it stands.“
Head of Euro-Zone finance minister, Mario Centeno sees room for more talks to avoid hard Brexit, Europe &amp; Britain could talk further and adjust their positions to avoid a no deal Brexit in case Britain's parliament rejects the deal agreed between London and Brussels.
So, the playbook is clear. Reject the current deal and seek a better one. It's time to call EU's (idiotic) bluff. #Brexit
Apparently Brexit has run off to have sex with vegans
. reviews Michael Waldman's new documentary "Inside the Foreign Office", which gives an informative and comprehensive picture of what it's like to work in the UK's , especially in light of #Brexit.
the old people who voted for brexit did not defeat hitler
Great venue in a fantastic central location, why not go along? What better way to drown out Brexit chaos than go into the heart of darkness and listen to some illuminating music
Here to save us from Brexit!
#brexit metaphors coming thick and fast today
Setting a Brexit date before the paperwork's done is like booking a gig before you've formed the band. Morons.
Hi David. Just watching from across the pond. The date for Brexit will probably be extended late into 2019 or 2020.
insisting Northern Ireland could only avoid a hard border if Belfast remained in the European Union.
Bless me with the confidence of whoever it was that believed the only thing holding back a smooth Brexit was the opinion of a non-league football club.
Brexit. via
Government ‘sneaks out’ £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote
Pete this is why Brexit is a car crash - it’s not a simple question of stay or go
I’d love to know the game theory behind this move? I just don’t get what they hope to achieve …. Forcing labours hand? What? I don’t know.
And yes what’s she’s doing is the ERG’s work by trying to undermine and wrest back control of the political currency of the term ‘hard border’ in the Brexit debate, and in that she is being used by the forces her party has aligned itself with in their bigger schema
With Theresa May's EU exit deal to be voted on today there's still many questions to be answered about Brexit! So we're answering some of your concerns about future holidays in Europe: #travelinsurance #BrexitVote #BrexitDeal
NEF Chair Brian Shaw speaks for us all when he says that any Brexit deal must work for everyone. #BrexitVote
Brexit Vote: Parliament to Decide on E.U. Withdrawal Plan
DUP staying firm ... surely the numbers for the PM’s deal aren’t there?
Parliament likely to vote on May's Brexit plan around 2000 GMT #stopbrexit
‘How Theresa May’s Brexit deal was killed off by her own incompetence’ #BrexitVote
Brexit voting likely starts 2:00 EST w/ 4 amendments.
#Brexit - the biggest dead cat of them all
There are plenty of British MP's are lining up to publicly denounce Brexit and the woolly strategies. It's a shame they were not so vocal (or honest) in the actual referendum. MP's are utterly useless and self-serving. All are complicit in the #Brexit farce.
Meen! Those MPs better give May what she wants. I have never seen a woman so determined as she is. Women are quite good with intuition: you never know what she's foreseen before the whole #Brexit brouhaha.
More Fake News Bias; Lowest German GDP in 5 years, CNN its because of: Tradewar with China, Brexit, lower export blabla.. not one word about more then 1.4 milion imported Muslims - what happened with these skilled “workers” attribution to Germanys growth?
Think #ERG et al are deluding themselves &amp; supporters if they think once #WithdrawalAgreement is defeated they can march off to Brussels &amp; dictate #Brexit terms &amp; reality is Parliament will never allow no deal
Might no be the only no confidence motion getting tabled today.
Oh David Davis the ex employee of Tate &amp; Lyle.... a US owned company that’s going to profit from Brexit.... how much is he been paid for this?
Hey Theresa May! Looking like your Brexit plan A isn't gonna fly. For a plan B, how about this? Walk into the EU headquarters, tell them to kiss your ass, and JUST LEAVE!!
You should've gone in full MAGA hat just to see how they respond. And you can always make fun of them for Brexit
Here's my full speech on #Brexit from late last night. In the 21st century the battle to save our planet is inseparable from the battle to limit the power of big business and build a better world for all. There is no doubt that Brexit jeopardises this.
Sorry but I was given a vote and I chose to leave. I dont think its fair that parliment are able to vote down both the backstop and no deal options, just because they want to stay in. Personally think Her majesty should step in and sort the cry babys out. #Brexit
Quiz: how well have you been following Brexit?
She invoked #A50 without a plan or modicum of understanding what #Leave really meant (‘#Brexit means Brexit)’, then set ridiculous ‘red lines’ to placate her #ERG puppet masters, now an absurd #WA is championed. Tonight all reasoned MPs must reject this destructive #WA - #Remain
anything hapening with the brexit
BBCNEWS 6:13am BREXIT DEAL VOTE. 'Meaningful vo'e' takes place after five days of debate' I BREXIT DEAL VOTE. Prtme Minis'ev has...
Labour leader claims key no deal #Brexit protections for Rosslare Europort may not be finished until 2024: #iestaff
Seems like our westminster parliament.#Brexit
Those MPs aiming to prevent a No Deal Brexit are as heroic as those who prevented the long term ruin of our country in the Great Wars. #BrexitVote
Amazing result! This needs to be sent to every MP in the country to show them the real mood of the country.
‘Reading a newspaper is like reading a novel whose author has abandoned any thought of a coherent plot’ - Benedict Anderson. Wonder what he’d make of this #Brexit mess.
You can shape it any way you like Boles just so long as it's Brexit shaped, Leave shaped, WTO shaped, Honouring the referendum and perusing the will of the people shaped.!
Guarantee if she’d missed the vote one of her mates would be using it as an example of why women shouldn’t become MP’s.
The #deepstate will #Stopbrexit according to #Boris. Not sure what that is but if it’s 3 million screaming businesses and global corporations then of course he is quite right! #Brexitvote is pure theatre. Decision made June 17th 2016. Choose again in a #Peoplesvote #Brexit
Please read this Mr Corbyn. We are a large left-leaning family. At one point we ALL passionately supported labour. Because of Labour's brexit stance, some of us have become Green &amp; Libdem members. Please bring us all back together by staying in Europe. Please.
GERMANY'S SCHOLZ SAYS AFTER BREXIT, IT WILL BECOME MORE URGENT TO FURTHER STRENGTHEN EURO
UK with #Brexit held the #EU together for years as the EU economy turned dull; post #brexit may see #EU discussing more important economic issues for the #EU27 #EZ and Euro could take center stage #IGES #GeMaP #EU
#Euro is overvalued.. Bad for Germany 10% Tariffs on cars.. Lower £ since 2016 China cooling. UK taking less EU migrants means they will end up taking more. When we stop paying the EU&gt; Germany must pay more. The costs rising every year to replace UK payments. Viva #Brexit
No-deal Brexit risks ‘destroying’ UK car industry, trade body warns
Fantastic stuff James, but what's your go to choice of green tea? #importantquestions
so YOU decide May's deal isn't Brexit. But there are at least 3 other versions. How is that democratic? Come on it's a mess.
Last night at midnight I set out why the prime ministers deal isn’t good enough and the division that Brexit has created - edited highlights here! #brexithaos
Probably more to do with the exchange rate collapse of the £ from brexit, a lot cheaper to visit now, but certainly they don't have a right wing press scaremongering
So of the National League appear to have issued a sort-of Nigel Farage-style essay on their homepage, promoting the virtues of a no deal Brexit and invoking the spirit of Winston Churchill. It's all a bit odd.
Without a #brexit dividend and a looming recession how are the going to pay for NHS investment? Is it lies and spin or their normal economic incompetence?
"and also because all my favourite politicians are fascists anyway"
Robotic fruit-pickers to replace Bulgarians after #Brexit. Genius! TELL MICHAEL GOVE. #TheArchers
If I have any UK or British followers, can someone explain the impact of Brexit ? I don’t quite understand #asktwittwer
It isn't How can more democracy be undemocratic? #RevokeA50 #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit
Forex- Dollar Dips on Rate View, Pound Rises ahead of Brexit Vote
I'm pretty sure the people have got their own necessary means to ensure we get our Brexit
Alyn Smith MEP: I’m seething that with all Scotland’s resources &amp;capabilities, we are having to rely upon a Westminster that is clearly broken, &amp; personnel that appear at times to be bordering on nihilism."
David Squires on … football spying and Neil Warnock's Brexit views
Trying not to think of Brexit today. Indulging myself shamelessly going through my collection of Serenity CDs. (Austrian band, power/symphonic metal).
Story: Why I'll Be Voting Against the PM's Disastrous Brexit Deal - Ruth Cadbury on tonight's vote in the H...
Brexit Vote: Parliament to Decide on E.U. Withdrawal Plan
Really interesting piece about #Brexit, #Trump and a hidden recession - paid for by the youth. #mentalhealth #graduates #underemployment
Pointedly, how to lose a negotiation you don't want to win....
#BREXITvote #UK #BREXIT is an impressive chaos. #MayDisasterMarch2019. 10% income loss, 6.5% inflation and 7.5% unemployment rate post-No-Deal BREXIT says the . welfare loss indeed will be higher. #AdamSmith says No to Brexit on 20 GBP note
May's Brexit deal will crash us into a political iceberg and sink the UK
Theresa May faces worst government defeat in 95 years via
Join our first #Brexit webinar of the #RECBrexitSeries on 31 January. Hosted by , the webinar will take stock of the latest political developments and of what different scenarios could mean for #recruiters. Register now. #Recruitment
German comedy sketch mocks Britain as it compares Brexit to an escape room [ ]
News host to Jacob Rees-Mogg: ‘This is all your fault!’
There are plenty of British MP's lining up to publicly denounce Brexit and the woolly strategies. It's a shame they were not so vocal (or honest) in the actual referendum. MP's are utterly useless and self-serving. All are complicit in the #Brexit farce.
Petition: Brexit re article 50 it must not be suspended/stopped under any circumstances ==
A polite request from Europe: wake us up when you know what you want from Brexit | Joris Luyendijk
I may be wrong, but isn't the Labour amendment today to stop the possibility of a No Deal Brexit
Brexit means reckoned
With the commons vote taking place today, how do Welsh businesses feel about Brexit?
Brexit: MPs to vote on ‘right to terminate’ Irish backstop after speaker selects amendments to tonight’s vote on May’s deal
From the increase in the national minimum wage, settled status of EU nationals (subject to #Brexit) and auto-enrolment contributions and non-disclosure agreements there are a raft of employment changes coming in 2019.
Great piece by on tonight’s big #Brexit vote and a very British renaissance of the mother of parliaments via
Sounds much like the honking inside...
Funny. I don't remember any of these MPs standing on individual platforms either advocating remaining in the EU or leaving the EU? Gina Miller advocates people standing for election come election time on party manifestos only to individually vote for key votes. #BetrayedVotes
People voted for Brexit, people re-voted for the main parties to deliver Brexit. Perhaps its time you start considering your positions and ability to do your jobs rather than keep drawing the salaries we are paying you (and deferring your jobs back to us)?
Watch 's broadcast: Watch the final day of Brexit debates in the run up to Theresa May's crucial vote
However, Labour campaigned as a "pro Brexit" party in 2017, and Morgan will have to answer to people he's misled eventually. This is from his GE campaign manager
JRM likes only *some* of Minford's predictions. I'll leave you to guess which ones. nice snaring of JRM in his own bullshit by
Today I'm also keen to chat to anyone who's started hoarding in case of a No Deal Brexit. or anyone who's bought a special 'Brexit box' #hoarders #hamsterhoarders #hamsterlists #Brexitbox - get in touch/ RT! #journorequest
For all you centrists out there who wanna divide the party There isn't time for a peoples Vote sponsored by Tories, Get Real Get Behind EU confirms no UK MEPs means default Brexit 2 July latest. New ref ruled out by timescale via
#Brexit. # Brexit. The Yellow Vests Are At The Vanguard Of A Politically Incorrect Uprising. Gavin Mortimer The Spectator And Comment.
if no brexit watch the kick off the people are angry
Decision day for May's Brexit bill as UK Parliament holds key vote
#Europe: What time is the Brexit vote? And more of your questions answered
I have neutral view of brexit.
Brexit Countdown
Maybe Paul the octopus could have told us what the Brexit vote tonight will be. (Mind you, you probably don't need to be psychic, do you?)
Brexit is in our hands not the hands of a few hundred MP's. If they want to stand between us and the law they created, so be it.
May is perfect example of Ego before Country. BRINO deal weakens her/country PM faces crushing Brexit defeat and a vote of no confidence via
. guidance for industry and organisations involved in health and #socialcare about contingency plans for a no-deal #Brexit
Government ‘sneaks out’ £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote
The vote was blind. No terms were given it was remain or leave. That's a No deal brexit. Did the voters think that's what they were voting for? Any leave promises were never accountable and leave were not even a party.
I just watched the latest BBC question time. In my opinion you were the only panelist that put aside party and left/right wing agendas ahead of simply speaking as to the facts concerning Brexit and the breakdown of law and order.
Hot take. I think if you voted for Hitler you'd get... Hitler.
For the sake of working people, the left must back remain | Aditya Chakrabortty
95 seconds! strong and stable? #BrexitBus
Don't worry, found you somewhere to spend your winnings
Labour leader claims key no deal #Brexit protections for Rosslare Europort may not be finished until 2024: #iestaff via
Come on #FBPE people
What does Brexit mean? Brexit means Pushing up Brexits
This woman is a total disaster for the English people and should be ran out of office at once.
Vote for Hitler. Subversion of democracy. Treacherous quisling. Man, Leavers really know how to mix and match those WW2 era metaphors, huh? #thestupiditburns
Impressive trifecta of non-league football, Brexit and Neil Warnock
Revoke A50 asap. Patching over this tragedy of errors will lead nowhere. The whole Brexit campaign was flawed, even corrupt &amp; should be investigated. The EU is as much to blame as the UK for the failed AUSTERITY economics which led to disenchantment with EU in first place.
Theresa May's Brexit plan is facing major defeat in a key vote
So if we truly see Brexit as a threat to our national interest, parliament's job is surely not to refer it back to the people, but to act, [ironically] take back control and just stop it, i.e. cancel Brexit outright.
Children who own mobile phones at age nine ‘perform less well’ in academic tests "Children in socially disadvantaged schools were more likely to have a mobile phone at that age."
Breitbart: Cabinet Source: May Could Resign if She Suffers Heavy Brexit Vote Defeat
written by who is my absolute hero atm regarding a leftwing approach to Brexit and more generally leftwing economics in the UK
I’m from Stoke. My parents, born and bred Potters, are 2 of the 30.64% of remain voters from the city laughably labelled the “Liberal elite” by Brexiteers. It’s nice to see something we can be proud of come out of our city.
No #Brexit wins in #Chester as found out on Saturday. Time to #StopBrexit with a #PeoplesVote it's the #OnlyWayForward on #brexit
Pregnant MP Tulip Siddiq delays child birth for Brexit vote
Remainer contaminated negotiations and collusion with the EU. Don't blame leavers for this mess, its architects are May, Olly &amp; all the other remainer zealots &amp; quislings. Why do think the Brexit minsters resigned........Maybot's dancing?
You got rinsed you lying thieving scum:
We want Gloucestershire businesses' thoughts on tonight's #Brexit vote - pre or post event (please keep it clean) #Gloucestershire #glosbiz #Stroud #ForestofDean
#brexit or #Remain what does it matter? The country is fucked anyway!
Will post-Brexit maths in schools be of a higher standard than it is now? It ought not to make any difference, but.....
Of course. These spoofers aren't socialists. The Labour party and a lot of plonkers in it can't see it provides the perfect vehicle for these hypocritical opportunists to make millions from media careers. How they must laugh when they close their front door. #Brexit
"And the Lord said "LET THERE BE NO BREXIT! CAST THOU BILL AWAY"" - Ghandi, 2019
It makes a difference to her constituents.
Brexit 2: May &amp; Trump vs Truth, with Stephen Fry
A bitter row has broken out between key Jeremy Corbyn aide Seumas Milne and Labour’s BREXIT secretary Sir Keir Starmer over delaying Britain’s departure from the EU
Don’t blame Brexit for UK economic wobbles, says ‘Mr Copper’
Please explain why Brexit should be a good thing for both the UK and Europe.
Ted Walsh on Brexit: "We didn't make this scenario, but we're going to pay for it…"
I'd say Brexit is a total dog's dinner- but it would be an insult to Pedigree chum* *other dog's dinners are available. Unfortunately, other Brexits aren't #Brexit #BrexitVote
You got rinsed you lying thieving scum:
“That one vote is not going to make a difference” wow. With a government with no majority that’s a little bit rich
i have watched the last two hours and can say i have never felt so ashamed of the MPs that are supposed to represent us. They are more interested in scoring points and getting a general election than what is good for this country . I will never vote again if brexit does
will he bring his crystal ball !
The DOOMSDAY Brexit Preppers! Meet the British families stocking cupboards with food #Brexit
After May loses tonight's vote here are SIX ways the next stage of the Brexit drama might play out #Brexit
Stocks tripped by earnings angst, sterling huddled for Brexit vote #Brexit
Brexit Vote: Parliament to Decide on E.U. Withdrawal Plan
where the 40 year shelf life mac and cheese tho?
Wow, that's a doozy of non-sense. Ireland is damn lucky to be in the EU &amp; €. IE economy will suffer from Brexit but will be helped by the EU. In the end: NI will be part of Ireland; Scotland will be an independent EU member; Wales will suffer from English jingoism.
Hopefully it won’t be that easy to delay/kill Brexit.
A Ref was held in a bid to halt the bickering leavers within the tory party. Clegg held Cameron's hand in that. Big mistake. Both Remain and Leave campaigns were a mixture of poor and savage. Orobs now not just Brexit - hence Libs rarely poll in double figs.
You got rinsed you lying thieving scum:
Irish farmers can't rely on a 'rabbit out of a hat' solution to Brexit - ICMSA President
A decent proportion of the traffic around Parly today is vehicles with Brexit messages
shelagh just recommended following someone’s tweets, who was that person (Brexit related, Nikki somebody I think)
This picture is on an article from , I think it illustrates perfectly the current UK Prime Minister situation... #BrexitVote #Brexit
I'll be there from 4pm making my desire for a #PeoplesVote heard loud and clear to the Brextremists. Hope to see you Tony for a selfie, you're a great guy.
need some more nonagenarians drug tested it seems
Coward. Did his forefathers build the British Empire I wonder?
Ministers Signing Off On No-Deal Brexit Ahead Of Key Vote
Brexit delusion alive and well, it'll all be OK because I believe it will be
Aussie dollar up on Brexit optimism
And Pigs Flying with Sparkly Unicorns for everyone of course.....
But in that poll 46 still want a form of Brexit, 28 remain
I’d like to hear you shout more about it - appreciate that there’s more platforms for Brexit but your Twitter could be used better for this. I have written to you several times about the finding crisis, esp for SEN kids.
Stalemate EU / UK. The UK must leave with no deal, that is the only answer. The EU will be desperate to agree a deal. EU need UK more than UK need EU. It is not like the UK are selling millions of cars, cheese, wine or champagne to the EU every year. #brexit #Leave #NoCrisis
retailgazette: US-based toy retailer Build-A-Bear has lowered expectations for its full year revenue due to Brexit fears &gt;&gt;
And what is the motive? What are they hoping to achieve? Are they expecting MPs to say, "shit, lads, Boreham Wood FC have just issued a statement saying 'Brexit means Brexit', which, is an irrelevant musing anyway because Brexit is already written into UK law, but still, shit!"
Because brexit has no mandate mps will vote for a no deal brexit?
I don't think we're going to forget the 15th Jan in a hurry ...
why are they afraid to give us another vote?
You got rinsed you lying thieving scum:
As told to #bbcgms
Brexit: MPs to vote on 'right to terminate' Irish backstop after speaker selects amendments to - The Independent
For a rebuttal of WTO claims by ERG see here
Really? How typical of your centrist mindset that what you don’t experience either doesn’t matter or doesn’t exist. How sociopathic of you. The mindset that contributed to Brexit because who the fuck cares about poor people yeah?
Honest Mistake.
May Day, May Day ... Winter is (finally) coming ! ;-) #Brexit #GoT
Nein, just Nein
It is utterly disgraceful that the government won’t paid Tulip Siddiq so she can GIVE BIRTH instead of having to turn up to vote on this abysmal Brexit deal. Theresa May and the Tories have no shame
One for you
BBCNEWS 6:14am BREXIT DEAL VOTE. Live coverage of the vote from 7pm on BBC News Channel' I BREXIT DEAL VOTE. MPs will be allowed to...
End of the beginning: Theresa May’s looming Brexit defeat will begin a process of elimination, explains:
My recommended reading / listening ahead of tonight's #brexit vote - and a few thoughts I can't guarantee the coherence of after my newborn son's all-night milk bender (thread)
Van orbiting the City with a "Brexit is a Monstrosity" float; just managed to snap a picture: #Brexit #BrexitIsAMonstrosity
Today is a good day to say: My #British friends, let us tackle the challenges of tomorrow together. #bremain in the #EU and abandon #brexit
This by the excellent is a long read but well worth it, arguing that Labour is stuck between a rock and a hard place and that campaigning for "remain and reform" in a second referendum is the least bad option:
Please if you truly want brexit vote
Listening to NPR this morning, seems like the UK is gonna maybe do a second Brexit vote?
This shorter piece by makes a broadly similar argument - I basically agree with both of them:
Surely the only sane solution and we now know that the PM is prepared to vote against referendum results don't we? #PeoplesVote
I think if we Brexit it will affect every business; I actually believe if we leave EU there will be a recession. Just as well it’s not going to happen. #PeoplesVote
Brexit in 2016: Nobody wants to see a return to borders of the past in Ireland. Brexit in 2019: There were no borders in the past in Ireland - Arlene Foster
The latest The combyne-laurence Daily! Thanks to #news #brexit
'Only half of our businesses have been able to prepare for Brexit" - you had TWO YEARS
And though I agree remain and reform is the best outcome, in my heart of hearts I just can't quite picture people swallowing the wounded national pride involved in crawling back to the EU after 2 years of Brexit dominating our politics and making us a global embarrassment.
But presumably only if the Speaker allows it?
Caveat: I'm only interested in things that engage with the fact that Brexit was driven at least in part by racist anti immigration sentiment and any Brexit that doesn't somehow change that is not Lexit. We don't have the luxury of just "sticking to the economics" right now.
Now it’s time for Korean TV, getting behind the nitty gritty of how #Brexit is bad for business
President tells of the dangers of a no deal #Brexit as he meets farming groups in Westminster
I reckon he’s off somewhere nice &amp; warm. It’s a cold time of year in England. Of course Could be he’s skiing, Cameron does strike me as someone who skis. He’s definitely not thinking about Brexit. The massive bag of sausagemeat.
Another bone idle mp who won’t take responsibility. Why am I surprised?
Compulsive liars directing brexit... UK you done this to youselves allowing them this much control.. They're your problem now .
The DOOMSDAY Brexit Preppers! British families stockpile food via
May is up for Massive Brexit Defeat - But What Next?! via
A significant factor here is Britain’s intensifying Brexit chaos as it splits from the European Union. The deadline for the EU divorce comes on March 29 when Britain is set to leave the bloc after more than four decades of destruction to UK economy
I’m a bricklayer, is that working people enough for you. I want a General Election and a led brexit. This 2nd ref is just another protest too remain.
For the avoidance of doubt #BrexitChaos
GBP Price: Upward Trend May Continue After Brexit Vote
They'll do nothing. The great British public are nothing like the French. All talk and no action. It'll be a fraction of people doing anything. Just like these so called remainers, could hold their marches in a phone box.
Shadow Attorney Gen/Soubry etc talk of Mays deal as ‘leap into the dark’, ‘blind Brexit’-utterly disingenuous discourse. Legislation and statutes in black and white are being presented- a literal secure solution. For god sake this is not the time for blatant lies.
LONDON MARKETS: FTSE 100 Clings To Gains As London Investors Await Crucial Brexit Vote
Brexit, or Baby..?
If MPs stop Brexit they will lose their seats at the next election.
Pregnant MP Tulip Siddiq delays child birth for Brexit vote: -
Awful
Brace yourself #europe #brexit
Lets have a Reality Check on Brexit, first not enough MPs support the PMs Brexit Deal not enough MPs suport a NoDeal Brexit so either we need a General Election or a Peoples Vote to give the final Say to the British People
This deal is what shrouds #Brexit in obscurity. The legal end date of the implementation period is "20XX" #NoDealNoProblem #WTOBrexit
#Crypto #Coins #News The Dow Jones Industrial Average enters Tuesday seeking to snap a streak of two consecutive losing sessions, but the specters of the Brexit vote and earnin...Read more:
Just another minefield. Do not engage. Walk away onto safeground, a No Deal Brexit, and negotiate then.
Desmond Swayne is a bloody idiot.
17.4 million voted #Brexit. 50 million did not. 5 million blocked from voting. There are over 2 million more people entitled to vote now. There was major fraud, overspending and foreign collusion. MPs must reject the #WA – History and the electorate will be your judge - #Remain
Why on earth have the Irish Times illustrated this with a photo of.... Viagra?
For somebody who absolutely loves politics, it’s rather telling of the current state of this country that now the sheer mention of politics (specifically Brexit) frustrates the hell out of me
The last time I witnessed anything like this brexit fiasco was the civil unrest of the thatcher gov with Brixton and Tottenham riots and poll tax. The tories always want war, always want strikes and blame unions, always want to limit the many and enrich the few. #GTTO
#Brexit not popular in #Chester as found out on Saturday. Time to #StopBrexit with a #PeoplesVote it's the #OnlyWayForward on #brexit
What’s happening today? The irony meter just broke again! #Brexit has been nothing but chaos and PMs #BrexitDeal will mean further chaos for next generation (decade at least to get relationship with EU sorted). We need a #PeoplesVote to end this chaos! #BrexitVote
So the SELECT committee have started a Brexit, Science and Innovation: Preparations for 'No-Deal' inquiry. Isn’t this just a tiny bit late?
After everything that has gone on with Brexit and traitor politicians you must never trust any of them again .
Is this the type of opinion poll you get tied to and beaten until you form the correct opinion?
(“wetenschappelijke arbeiders”, anno ‘68), working under neo-lib conditions and circumstances. Only in times of unusual ‘events’ or ‘cathastrophes’ there is a short moment to provoke class-unity. May #brexit, #nodeal,#GeneralElectionNow be such a historical moment in time.
This is only the end of the beginning of our Brexit civil war | Polly Toynbee
Well here’s the funny thing, my wife’s aunt of Irish descent and with mixed race grandkids voted brexit. Now, you might say she was simply short sighted but now she’s posting pictures of gollywogs and the usual far right guff pretending to save our homeless soldiers.
Too late. No time to hold a so-called #PeoplesVote or more accurately a #PervertDemocracyVote
You support depriving me of my Freedom of Movement and that of all your fellow citizens? Depriving us and our kids of our livelihoods and rights? Your career will be in ashes, like our lives, if you continue with Brexit in any form.
The Brexit vote.....
Brexit dividend.
A very wise investment. Coming out of the single market is my biggest regret of Brexit
James O'Brien's Unmissable Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote - LBC
Julian, why would you ignore the fraud and corruption displayed by the leave campaign? Your duty is to your country and constituents not voters &amp; any Brexit will harm the poorest and most vulnerable in our society -
Only 12/15. Huh.
Dear comrade I have been told that the BBC have published on their website a simple guide to BREXIT. Perhaps you and Comrade Jeremy should read it to find out what it all means.
I don't understand how presenting the same Bill after it's rejected is in order
, doctor at and 's candidate in Shrewsbury &amp; Atcham is 'dead right and should be listened to'. '...staff are under pressure in all departments and the Government needs to take action.' Get your mind off Brexit and focus:
It happened on both sides in relation to misinformation and my opinion on Brexit isn’t relevant to this conversation.
Theresa May taking the piss out of parliament - and not for the first time #BrexitVote
No hope. There is not a hope in hells chance I will ever watch Jc again. You’ve lost me and everyone I no that subscribe to amazon purely for the grand tour. Clarksons rebuttals about Brexit voters was disgusting
Too bloody right!
They did say Brexit would be calamitous. Don’t remember ‘no more new born will be delivered if brexit happens’ oooer missus
Theresa May's Brexit deal is likely to suffer a historic defeat. Here's what happens next.
Brexit vote .... few hours to go
This was always possible. But not on the same basis as before. UK did have to remove red lines and take new approach. MPs seize on German minister's suggestion of further Brexit talks
Labours insistence on continuing with the “six tests” as a reason to reject the brexit deal is frankly political posturing and has nothing to do with the best for the U.K. EU heads of repeatedly said not one of their tests would be considered.
Hey Clive a dance floor comment on Brexit
What is it like to be managing a huge range of Regulatory Reporting initiatives? Dawd Haque from explains the complexities around European and Asian regulations #DoddFrank #EMIR #Brexit #SFTR. Extremely challenging times trying to harmonise regulatory reporting
Hear hear!
Excellent thread on Labour's tortuous position (or lack of same) on Brexit vote and how the confluence of two weak and out-of-their-depth party leaders (in name only) is screwing us all.
It's time to demand an end to the national embarrassment that is Brexit. It's time to demand that the people have the final say on Brexit and opportunity to stay in the EU &gt;
It is utterly disgraceful that the government won’t pair Tulip Siddiq so she can GIVE BIRTH instead of having to turn up to vote on this abysmal Brexit deal. Theresa May and the Tories have no shame
Join our #Brexit live webcast on the 23rd January where our panel will be discussing developments from the outcome of the Meaningful Vote and what this means for businesses leading up to 29th March 2019: #BeyondBrexit #TimetoAct
A senior British diplomat in Germany has said that the UK does not want to limit scientific progress by putting up “artificial borders” with Europe after Brexit. reporting from Berlin: (£)
Is Brexit dead yet? If I were you and you get voted down today. I say in a polite way I'd say Ah fuck it. Yer on yer own. I voted to remain anyway. All the best. And walk off into the sunset.
Today, some MPs will vote against because they want a no deal Brexit, some because they want to remain in the EU, some because they think it will collapse the government. Someone is miscalculating.
We don’t care any longer. Go direct WTO, let them sweat ! #Brexit on our terms, on our planning. If cannot export wine, champagne, cheeses &amp; luxury goods, so be it! We buy, they sell. Let’s go back to business, not politics !
Don’t forget #Brexit vote in 2016 was based on Bullshit and lies, so why is this vote happening tonight. I speak to Major Businesses throughout Europe every day and they think the UK has gone completely mad. #StopBrexit
I don't care who you are, that's funny.
News
Brexit amendment that might have limited PM's losses is rejected
uses the unchallenging medium of to vainly try to recover from his car crash interview on Brexit. It wasn’t “outrage” which was expressed it was scorn that he wouldn’t know his GE position on Brexit until UK Labour instructed him on what is was.
Today is Brexit decision dayShortly after 7 p.m. Tuesday evening, British MPs face a choice that will affect the country's 66 million citizens for many years to come.&lt;img src=" height="1" width="1" alt=""/&gt;
Throw the grovelling embarrassment of a PM a few more crumbs !
UK business braces for Brexit vote
cool brexit bro
So I know it’s distracting from the brexit vote and all the other atrocities in the world but hey pals grab a covfefe because we need to talk about hamberders.
The latest EU Budget! Thanks to #eplenary #brexit
My last class was cancelled so I think I’ll head home for a pre-Brexit fight nap.
Truly through the looking glass here, my childhood is now fake news lol
Stocks tripped by earnings angst, sterling huddled for Brexit vote
If you need a distraction from today’s Brexit shitshowdown this might be interesting for you if you teach.
Let me put a more positive spin on this headline ‘ May should resign if she suffers heavy Brexit vote defeat ‘ sorted it!
I wonder how traders will react to the Brexit vote. $gbpusd down? Only time will tell. $cl $ng $gc $dxy $dji $dax $btcusd $eurusd $spx $spy $ndx
#Leavers knew what they were voting for! #BrexitVote #StandUp4Brexit #Brexit #BBC #SKY #LBC #ConservativeParty #Labour #UK #EU
Just stop sneering at Brexit. Be objective, Thats all the listener asks.
Looking forward to Eilis O'Hanlon's hot take in the Sindo that Arlene Foster is right &amp; the whole hard border thing was "fake news" like one Tory threatening Ireland's food supply. The pro-brexit media are experts at gaslighting the reading public
"what is Brexit" is trending on google search.
EU confirmed that an article 50 extension would be granted for three months only- leaving not enough time to organise one before a no deal default brexit at the end of june. So a #GeneralElectionNow is the only sensible alternative!
#Corbyn didn't even accept agreements made at the #LabourParty Confererence, how on Earth are members expecting him to react positively to call for a #Peoplesvote from #Labour MEP members? What are you doing to ensure wishes are carried out?
#brexit not popular in #Chester as found out on Saturday. Time to #StopBrexit with a #PeoplesVote it's the #OnlyWayForward on #brexit
Fous le camp #brexit is here
Click through here folks - interesting ideas on structural reform - and remember even the Doge in Venice was never a hereditary title. #Brexit
Labour admonishes #TheresaMay for forcing them to vote against in the #Brexit #MeaningfulVote when in truth they're barking mad they cannot currently vote it through. Make no mistake the country remains on a very shaky peg &amp; Scotland gets stiffened either way.
Airfreight could ease Brexit bottlenecks...
The latest Small Business Focus! Thanks to #eu #brexit
Oh no. If George Osborne says this is what will happen, it won’t. #whatashame #stopbrexit
There isn't time to hold a Peoples Vote
A taste of what’s coming to the UK when #BREXIT is cancelled?
Today is Brexit decision day -
All business in #UK shld relocate now b4 it is too lateThis wld be best chance that #UK business cld survive post #brexit &amp;can relocate again to Britain if the generation of #Teambrexit politcians are oustet from #UK &amp; youth in #UK or what left of it has come to its senses again
That why an sign language interpreter tell us in sugn language. She expressing what we are feeling about #brexit
Way to go Steve! Only 1 in 4 Brits voted for this #brexit nonsense, so we weren't all taken in but I'm glad that you can see through it, just as more of the UK voters are also beginning to do.
This deal will NOT lead to Brexit; just long term limbo with the only option out of the backstop being to rejoin the EU as full members. That is the aim of our negotiators, in collusion with Barnier etc. Nobody in the establishment will accept the UK becoming independent.
Scotland’s views, indeed a cross party consensus at Holyrood with everyone minus the Tories on board, has been comprehensively ignored and belittled //
Just let us leave. Now!!
DWP accused of sneaking out hit to retired couples during Brexit row via
May's Brexit withdrawal agreement and political declaration will be defeated by a majority of ___ in the House of Commons?
thank you for speaking up so passionately against May’s Brexit deal today. A blind Brexit would consume us for years, creating so much uncertainty and division. #PeoplesVote #FinalSay
The time for talk should be over. #Brexit
Can't believe Boreham Wood are pro brexit. What a bunch of cunts.
Thks &amp; all OUR MP REPS #BrexitVote tonight will NOT IMPROVE England #BrexitShambles UK debt £2.1Trillion SCOTS INSTRUCT #Indyref2 73days #Truth=100% Chaos Scots RESOURCES pay #UK #Brexit 62% Scotland voted NO Brexit WE WERE IGNORED 3.5YRS #DissolveTheUnion
They are apparently working to become "the party that represents Remain". If a GE is triggered,we shall see how their strategy works out. I'm not in the UK anyway. My staunch opposition to Brexit is mostly about Northern Ireland. The EU was and remains key to the fragile peace.
Totally subtweeting Pompeo after his #Khashoggi whitewashing play date with MbS yesterday, right? UK may have it's Brexit problems, but this guy is doing a way better job than our guy.
#Brexit - UK has underperformed in GDP growth, equity and currency markets. The real impact has yet to materialise. Various scenarios suggest a significant slowdown. Investors should continue to watch closely while preparing themselves for the worst.
Outsider looking in, but Brexit seems to me to be the most epic act of political self-immolation in the English speaking world since South Carolina seceded from the Union in 1860.
Forex- Dollar Dips on Rate View, Pound Rises ahead of Brexit Vote
Brexit was always a turd. May mistook it for diamonds. It must have been the light.
Rubbish about "we must leave the people voted for it and if we don't democracy is dead". Sorry, but when did a GE winning party implement everything in their manifesto? (LD student loans anyone?) Who even reads the manifesto? Its utter nonsense. Democracy died years ago. #brexit
Cabinet Source: May Could Resign if She Suffers Heavy Brexit Vote Defeat via
Said that the country can 'do much better', but it's not clear what form of agreement would both be 'much better' and command the support of the HoC. Perhaps I'm missing something. #BrexitVote
Anthony Hilton: Theresa May’s only path is to revoke Article 50 and ditch Brexit - Evening Standard
ACCORDING TO LABOUR'S DIANNE ABBOTT BREXIT WILL BE DELAYED UNTIL 31.2.2020
Brexit D-day looms for sterling traders #FX $USD $CAD $EUR $GBP $AUD $JPY
This is not BREXIT Chris, this is betrayal
Waiting for Brexit to die off-screen without any fanfare like Kevin Spacy in House of Cards
U.K. Shadow Brexit Secretary Keir Starmer discusses what will happen following the Brexit vote and the possibility of a second referendum
Brian moore called me #Wanker then blocked me after I commented on a #Brexit rant of his Perfect commentary on his 'I know everything' persona #MrRSole
Just in case there's any confusion. "No Deal" means - the UK doesn't have a deal with the EU. It doesn't mean "because we haven't made a deal, everything stays the same...". You're welcome. #Brexit
Wake me up when Brexit ends
So since trade is a two way street, you see admitting that a so called ‘WTO brexit’ would be a crisis for Britain.
Oh look at this.
#BrexitDeal #Brexit #TheresaMay #EUreferendum Misleading headline, He said “The agreement stands, as it is. I doubt very much that the agreement can be fundamentally reopened. If there were a better solution, it would already have been put forward.”
People vote is not the answer
One of the most important and historic votes in years in parliament today. How is the House of Commons chamber not completely full? Where is everybody? What can be more important today for those MPs not present? #Brexit #MeaningfulVote
Parliament to vote on May's Brexit deal
"May deserves no sympathy, she did this. She could have reached out, built consensus...she did not. She enthusiastically played along w“Crush the Saboteurs” and “Enemies of the People”, “Citizen of Nowhere” and “Queue jumpers” rhetoric..."
"You address me by my proper title, you little bollocks!" - Taoiseach Len Brennan
A grisly and exhausting combination of the Brexit vote and a family crisis leaves me no choice but to spend the day reading
should be spared nothing, she should own her failures as PM.
Then she needs to go
An #Opposition that welcomes chaos in the hope of obtaining power. #Remainers happy to thwart the will of the electorate. #Brexiteers prepared to risk #Brexit. Will manage to pull off the impossible &amp; make itself look even more ridiculous than it already has?
Watch take on the big bowl of #Brexit tweets. Watch
NEW: Brexit amendment tabled by Labour waverers not selected by Bercow:
Prediction for the Brexit vote?
Pregnant MP Tulip Siddiq delays child birth for Brexit vote #IHeartPolitics
Gold eases as dollar firms, investors brace for Brexit vote #Jan15th
Well he was lying through his teeth.
Is it you, Quentin Wilson and Chris Goffey attempting a Singer style reimagining of the Austin Allegro to be sold ‘on the continent’ in a post-Brexit export drive to save the nation?
Which was a similar to their vote in the referendum in June 2016. People are not fooled by #projectfear - they voted for Sovereignty and that will happen under the EUWA18 at 11:00pm on 29 March 2019. EUWA18 IS the law of the land and all these shenninagins today are irrevalent
Theresa May’s #meaningfulvote about #Brexit has become a meaningless vote - everyone knows she will lose and nobody knows what will happen next. So she may just hang on, then go back to Brussels asking for more, yadda yadda yadda. Britain needs a new #PeoplesVote on the EU.
One of ours, countering project fear with actual, verified facts.
Preaching to the elite who no matter what transpires will continue to fill their coffers on the backs of the working masses. Brexit is of the corrupt, by the corrupt, and solely for the corrupt. #RevokeArticle50 #BrexitVote #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy
"[The] immigration white paper [...] aimed to set out the framework for a new post-Brexit immigration system. But the future direction of immigration policy is now a little less clear after its publication than it was before it"
This is key. Will May risk the wrath of her backbenches (what more can they do?) by asking EU for a softer version of WA? Rather than a full Norway push, GE, No Deal chaos? Will JC prefer accepting that rather than 2nd ref?
Northern Ireland prepares for worst-case Brexit scenario -
Is the David Cameron type order or the Miliband type chaos? It’s important.
What ever happened to real politicians of yesterday
. trust in #Brexit has been shattered thanks to illegality, fraudulent manoeuvrings &amp; breaches of data protection on the part of will leave no stone unturned! #RevokeA50
#Brexit not popular in #Chester as found out on Saturday. Time to #StopBrexit with a #PeoplesVote it's the #OnlyWayForward on #brexit
Theresa May Faces Vote On Her Brexit Deal -
Not how countries work.
If the UK leave via Hard Brexit then, in my view, the Irish government’s insistence on a backstop will have proven to be a colossal strategic mistake. And mocking the British MPs - as tempting as it may be - will only serve to poison relations with our UK neighbours
As the fate of the #UK hangs in the balance, here's everything you need to prepare for tonight's #meaningfulvote. #orbex_fx #orbex_blog #orbex_news #forextrading #fx #tips2trade #fxtrading #brexit #eu #thereamay #brexitvote
Nick Thomas-Symonds criticised govt for not immediately guaranteeing rights of EU citizens post-#Brexit. This is one thing UKGov can't be criticised for, making it clear 3 times rights are protected. EU offered no such guarantees to UK citizens. Let's tell the truth. #BrexitVote
"[De] immigration vhite paper [...] aimed to set out ze framework for a new post-Brexit immigration system. But ze future direction uff immigration policy ist now a little less klear after its publication dan it vas before it"
Hard Brexit now means no deal. Hard border now means Trumpian wall.
Daft and stupid are the same thing. The vote was 2 years ago. You told her the day after the referendum that she couldn't go anymore? Whilst nothing was done yet brexit at the time nearly 3 years away? I believe you answered your own question.
Interesting point, yet when the BBC covered this on Breakfast they interviewed 7 people, 6 of which were supporting Brexit. Not really anti-Brexit propaganda as you suggest?
Lots of people would say they want to bring back the death penalty too; not always a good idea to give people what they want...
Theresa May faces worst government defeat in 95 years in key Brexit vote - Bloomberg
This Brexit deal restricts the rights of all Brits to live, work and study in 27 EU countries. That's why this Brexit deal is not democracy.
Ok - Now hopefully we can all move on with our lives and maybe focus on what is probably going to have an actual impact on every single person in Scotland. It is called brexit. Ring any bells. A Scottish perspective would be most welcome.
No need to clip it, tweeted it but conveniently clipped off the sewer broadcaster flustered at the end and saying "It's 1 minute past 3".
That new Spider-man's definitely post-Brexit, aye?
superb this week
Sadly lacking at #bbcnews JRM getting flustered
BBCNEWS 6:16am BREXIT DEAL VOTE. The :h borda . BREXIT DEAL VOTE. The UK is due to leave the EU on Mamh 29th
A shower ot cantankerous c@^ts
For what is worth, here's the moment it struck me that if Brexit falls apart, there might not be a European Union for Britain to remain in
Brexit?
PM faces crushing Brexit defeat and a vote of no confidence #Tories should have had the guts to get rid of her when they had the chance! #Brexit
Whatever side you’re on, Happy #brexit vote day.
Big fan of but confusing DUP and UUP (re Trimble) was bit messy. The lack of understanding and appreciation of the nuances of NI politics is one of the reasons Brexit is so messy.
Here's what's good about life in the UK--even with brexit--this doesn't happen. Now for some mind bleach...
The latest The Wrexham FM Daily! Thanks to #brexit #trumpshutdown
Brexit, Brexit, Brexit... Maybe one day, we'll look back on all these Brexit shenanigans and laugh, but for now we're keen to help people create bespoke solutions that will hopefully make overcoming the challenges Brexit will no doubt create more manageable. #Brexit #Solutions
Parliament likely to vote on May's Brexit plan around 2000 GMT
The UK enters a historic week with no idea how it will end
You as well Smith are a fascist anti #Brexit tw !
The last referendum held in Britain pre-Brexit was on the Alternative Vote (known here in Australia as IRV). The British people voted No for a more democratic voting system due to "bad-tempered and ill-informed public debate". (MacLean). Does that sound familiar? #BrexitVote
German businesses watch Brexit with bated breath
Started fucking snowing 2 and a half years ago when 17.4 million fuzzy headed immigrant haters voted for Brexit.
Stocks gain on potential Chinese stimulus; all eyes on Brexit vote
Britain's May faces defeat in parliament over Brexit plan
We sure Brexit is bad for business? Coz the Westminister Gazebo suppliers seem to be having a good year. #PoliticsLive
In that poll 46 want a form of Brexit against 28 remain
I shall, contrary to my usual practice, be purchasing travel insurance and hoping it covers acts of brexit this spring. We live in far too interesting times.
This is the nub of the whole of this brexit shitstorm. English exceptionalism expressed by thick little-Englanders. #brexit #brexidiots
Conservatives are behind in the polls and in the middle of a Remainder Vs Brexiteers civil war. They really don't want a General Election. They want to talk about Labour wanting a General Election so they don't have to talk about their inability to govern the country.
. James, change your tactics and let others speak, we know you love the sound of your own voice but listening is also a good quality to have! James O'Brien's Unmissable Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote
£65 charge and requirement to apply to stay, anyone????????????? #BrexitVote #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote #VoteLeaveLied
I've got a bad feeling about this, Nigel. There's a chance that the margin of defeat will be bigger than are calculating... Corbyn won't get his election and a referendum Will be a betrayal. And there's no way either could be arranged before #Brexit
Ken Clarke is the first of the 70 backbench MP is the Speaker says are seeking to speak in today’s final day of debate on Theresa May’s Brexit plan.
in a lecture speaking about brexit n someone brings up the world record egg? i'm done bye
Pushing May's rubbish through will for certain stop the conservatives From getting anywhere near no 10 for several decades for their total betrayal of the people of Britain to kow tow to Germany's eu
I can't tell if this is brexit-related, or for some baking show. :-/ either way, good luck to them
Father of the House, Ken Clarke, says the Brexit debate is "chaotic" and adds that future generations will look back and wonder "how we have reduced ourselves to this"...
Brian moore called me #Wanker then blocked me after I commented on a #Brexit rant of his Perfect commentary on his 'I know everything' persona #MrRSole
I know #Labour intend to vote against #MayDeal but any kind of #Brexit will use resources needed for #NHS etc. People were misled and uninformed in 2016. Not so much now. Why are you so scared of a #PeoplesVote ?
From within the Burley program team (allegedly) “today the program will be Brexit. After that Brexit, then Brexit. When we’ve done Brexit we’ll cover reaction to Brexit” (Door bursts open). “There’s been a terrorist attack in Nairobi!” Burley producer- “Thank God for that!”
If Brexit is depressing you, then seeing the real* story will cheer you up immensely. Worth going back through John's timeline to where these began and playing catch-up. *Possibly not actually real, but these days who can tell.
If proper Brexit doesn’t happen don’t tell me we live in a democratic and ethical country. The corruption and bribery around the antics to remain are breathtaking. Those in privileged positions with vested interests opposing Brexit &amp; receiving EU CAP payments are of the worst.
Northern Ireland prepares for worst-case Brexit scenario
Thoughts before tonight's vote. #NatWestBoost
There simply isn't time for a Peoples Vote Vince Cable is lying to his gullible supporters , yes all 1 of you
#cartoonstrip by Steve Bell #brexit #peoplesvote @ The Guardian
Remember when he accused me of publicly humiliating him for making a facebook post mocking the conspiracy theory that the EU was trying to invade the UK and kill everyone with their Super Secret Army and only Brexit would stop them? L.....O............L.......................
Bastards!
Thank you Brighton for electing Caroline to parliament. One of a very few sensible and level-headed voices on Brexit.
Heat not fire is the issue. Damn raincoats not rain. Mouse droppings in the kitchen not mice.
Funny polling in Sunderland June 2016 - 61% Leave (ref) Dec 2017 - 63% Remain (poll) Jan 2018 - 70% No deal (poll)
just made may laugh out loud... #Brexit reality the #DavidCameron legacy
According to Soubry then that Ref should have be 're run ' after a couple of years to allow those who weren't 18 at time to vote. !!!! The stupid woman will say anything to thwart. Brexit.
Exactly. I've had due warning, put it that way. The fact I have to censor myself for brexit Gary who hates women is probably the most disheartening part of all of it. But as Saul williams said to me when I spoke about my fears, 'no-one comes out for politics, make it art.'
Omnishambles is a good word too. Covers #Brexit nicely. #DontBrexitFixIt
This Is How Tuesday's Crunch Brexit Vote Will Play Out - And What Happens If May Loses #MeaningfulVote #BrexitVote
The future of UK tech is bright ahead of Brexit, say experts at #CES2019. Get the low down here: #business #technology
Nailing my #Brexit colors to the mast! Most likely outcome of today's vote in Parliament: More process
Global stocks slump but pound prospers before Brexit vote
Labour’s Nick Thomas-Symonds says the backstop is not so much an “airlock” as a “padlock”. #BrexitVote
The Referendum outcome was our decision to LEAVE the EU. If Brexit delivers that and fully re-establishes UK SOVEREIGNTY it will be perfect. It is wrong to define Brexit diminished in terms of a 'deal' since Brexit WITHOUT a deal already entirely fits the Referendum result.
"Trade negotiations are an unsentimental business. If countries spot desperation or a legal vulnerability, they will exploit it", writes Gideon Rachman. FT: #Brexit #UKPolitics
"Brexit Vote: Parliament to Decide on E.U. Withdrawal Plan" by THE NEW YORK TIMES via NYT
That’s a bit weird, tbh. On the flip side, my wife is a m/wife, born in the uk to Portuguese parents, &amp; voted for Brexit....
WATCH LIVE Final Brexit debate ahead of crucial vote
We’re nearly at £2300! Could u help us reach our target? We’re marching on 19 Jan 19 for equality, access to opportunities &amp; justice for all. As women we demand #BreadandRoses after today’s vote #brexit our march will be a much needed beacon of hope.
On an important day in the UK for the future of #Brexit, worth a read of this blog by about how Britain's entry in the Common Market - as it was known then - in 1973 was marked by a unique #football match at #Wembley #EU
worth noting that after Brexit, the stage after the third reading will be known as whiff whaff
Kenneth Clarke: I am a hardline remainer Also Kenneth Clarke: I will vote for Brexit tonight.
Switch and fix energy provider to avoid potential post-Brexit price hikes
Brexit Faces Decisive Vote In House Of Commons
Brexit Faces Decisive Vote In House Of Commons
Hear, hear....
Brexit. Block it in your feed and most stuff will be fine. Smile at idiots, keep your calm and go and chat to nice people.
Brexit: Theresa May faces ‘meaningful vote’ on her deal
Northern Ireland prepares for worst-case Brexit scenario: Many fear the return of a hard border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland, which is in the EU.
You racist prick. It's people like you is the reason why were in the mess where in with brexit
watch &amp; learn, rhetoric heavy, fact lite politicians have to be held to account. You totally failed to do that today &amp; as such aren’t serving the public.
Cabinet Source: May Could Resign if She Suffers Heavy Brexit Vote Defeat: Theresa May could resign as Prime Minister if she suffers a defeat on her Brexit vote in the triple digits, a Cabinet source has suggested.
With all of the problems in England with #Brexit they need to replace Theresa May with Prime MinisterPete Nice
A 2nd Ref is only worthwhile if it is open to every UK Passport carrying person aged between 18 and upwards on the day of the referendum. Last time round there were too many foreigners voting simply because they live in UK and too many Brits excluded because they live abroad!
It all seems such a mess from here. I figure all these options will collapse, the exit delayed, a plebiscite, Brexit withdrawn, back to taking orders from horrible little people in Brussels. Whatever happens, you're better off than we are here.
without being a prophet : UK is screwed #NODeal #Brexit #GnlElection or #Remain with a divided country, a Parliament represents the entitled + votes party line not according to people + no minority representation #anyWhichWayYouLoose
YES, but Order is Remain, chaos is #Brexitshambles!!
Ahead of tonight's vote on the prime minister's EU withdrawal agreement, our brexit lead Ben Westerman outlines the possible options if the deal is rejected:
Brilliant and passionate speech by the truth, nothing but! #Brexit and the shambles affects us hugely in Canterbury.
via Northern Ireland prepares for worst-case Brexit scenario
Arrgghh the noise! #brexit #brexitdrums
are we suggesting we can cope with another war (that is brexit)?
May wanted to extricate UK from EU rules, no hard border on Ireland, maintain UK territorial integrity Impossible To pretend otherwise has resulted in a Frankenstein's monster, a broken, grotesque invention, stumbling around, half-alive, tormented by anger
Brian moore called me #Wanker then blocked me after I commented on a #Brexit rant of his Perfect commentary on his 'I know everything' persona #MrRSole
As if we needed any further evidence of the total and absolute cuntery of Jacob Reese Mogg...
Really interesting chat with Ben Emons yesterday on #Brexit and how it dovetails into his larger thesis about global CB balance sheet expansion. Check it out:
I think it’s a much more fundamental point about how archaic and out of touch with reality UK parliamentary procedures are.
Russia and others have already appealed against the EU wto schedule being novated after brexit; they are not going to accept favoured nation for Ireland; which means UK gives it to all and the economy is ruined, hence no fns for Ireland and a border, its that simple, breaking GFA
This Brexit business is getting a bit long in the tooth now, just let May pull the damn thing and we can all get on with our lives, the best we can.
as an MP to a constituency largely based on agriculture, do you really believe the Brexit deal adequately protects our farmers and their rights that are currently maintained under EU laws? Post-Brexit support is only until 2020 which seems to put many at risk.
May has deliberately steered the ship towards the rocks knowing she has neither the competency to negotiate a safe passage, nor the desire to reach the destination
Brexit has done a magnificent line in accidental parody. Boreham Wood FC pushing the bar even higher.
Government ‘sneaks out’ £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote via We've all heard of the Peaky Blinders, well the Tories are the Sneaky Blinders ......
She’s deluded. It will allow people to rethink their initial vote after now absorbing the information [which we should have had before we voted] and result in a truer and more valid poll. #Brexit #BrexitBarometer #BrexitVote #BrexitDeal #Remain
leavers are a special kind of nasty
Global Markets: Stocks tripped by earnings angst, sterling huddled for Brexit vote Spluttering noises from Germany and an earnings miss from banking giant JP Morgan dragged back stocks on Tuesday, while Britain's pound ... via #Reuters #Business
Christ, does she want a wall now too? #Brexit
Ridiculous and a bit bloody disgusting you are broadcasting a terrorist attack live from Nairobi with #Brexit bells ringing and drums banging over the pictures of people fleeing fie their lives.
Far right spends tens of thousands targetting British MPs and voters with highly secretive anonymous Facebook ads (a platform that is now openly...
But Brexit presents no opportunities.
But #WATO, with this rousing musical montage of Brexit you are spoiling us.
Chit chat in work on brexit. One says it is a load of shit. Another says they think politics is for boring people. Then both were enraged with the idea of foreigners in the country.
James O'Brien's Unmissable Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote
is it me or is the UK parliament getting more crazy - Labor are going further to the LEFT Tories are clearly now FAR RIGHT SNP is becoming frustrated with Brexit The Rest are screaming into the Abyss Do you are with me #BrexitVote #Brexit
Who paid for Brexit?
May is not a postman or a midwife. What's all this "deliver"?
He could be referring to one of two Grand Panjandrums ; one was fictional pomposity and the other an entirely useless WW2 device that nearly killed the people it was supposed to assist - one of those seems quite apt for brexit #StopBrexit
Well this’ll be good TV amongst the chaos of parliament.
Ochlocratic, not democratic. So if you found out that the parameters of the vote were broken by criminal electoral fraud, would you agree it's not democratic? Also, Brexit as it is now doesn't deliver on what the campaigns offered in the first place, so hardly what they wanted.
Free UK &amp; European Representative service if you subscribe to one of our Data Protection Officer packages See: #free #dataprotection #article27 #gdpr #pecr #eprivacy #dataprotectionofficer #B1gdata #datadriven #representative #offer #brexit #brexitvote
Is it appalling? Surely quite honourable to make such a sacrifice to “make the point” she is against brexit?
PamyBot2:~$ #forex #fx #EA "Are you ready for the #Brexit deal vote!? Access rates and live streaming charts from your mobile device with Trading Station for iOS and Android. 78.58% of retail CFD accounts lose money"
great #Brexit summary in case you were living under a rock for past 2 years..
They are not being told that. At the last election the manifesto accepted the result of the referendum. The party has no mandate to stop Brexit.
ResFortnight: A senior British diplomat in Germany has said that the UK does not want to limit scientific progress by putting up “artificial borders” with Europe after Brexit. Sarahr100 reporting from Berlin: (£)
The allegation I was making was in reference to both Tories and Labour being in a fucking mess because of Brexit and so would want anything to allow them to focus on something else. But hey, you would never just make completely unfounded assumptions based on your own politics.
Brian moore called me #Wanker then blocked me after I commented on a #Brexit rant of his Perfect commentary on his 'I know everything' persona #MrRSole
Tim Martin is another one of those major Brexiteers who spent his childhood abroad (New Zealand and Malaysia in his case -- he speaks with a noticeable NZ accent) and/or in boarding schools, and who was gravely disappointed when he saw the _real_ Britain:
I wonder if I ever get divorced saying “I used to be great before eloping with her, I’m better than her!” will be an effective strategy in getting a satisfactory settlement. #Decisionday #Brexit #MaysDeal
To #Brexit or to #Bremain, that is the Question. Whatever the outcome of today's vote, we are prepared to train you: Executive Training on Brexit Negotiations &gt; Executive Training on Brexit, Finance and Trade &gt;
Russia and others have already appealed against the EU wto schedule being novated after brexit; they are not going to accept favoured nation for Ireland; which means UK gives it to all and the economy is ruined, hence no fns for Ireland and a border, its that simple, breaking GFA
UK government's preparations for a 'no deal' scenario - #BrexitVote #Brexit #Leave #UKPolitics #NoDealNoProblem #BrexitChaos #brexitdebate
I did wonder if they would be in the same room...
" once we’re out, the doors close. We lose access to top tables in Brussels, lose MEPs with legislative power, we’ll be a 'third country'. There’s no easy way back, because “the EU deal you leave will not be the EU deal you apply for”.
Poor man's (awaiting Universal Credit payments) Brian Blessed. Brexit's ALIVE !!!
Corbyn is not clever nor does he have a winning streak.
Your guide to MPs voting intentions and the Brexit tribes #infographic #BrexitVote #Infographie #Brexit
No deal brexit most certainly will.
James O'Brien's Unmissable Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote
On a First Aid course &amp; someone’s sparked up a Brexit debate
BBCNEWS 6:16am BREXIT DEAL VOTE. 'Meaningful vote“ takes place after five days of debaii I BREXIT DEAL VOTE. Prlme Minister has...
Neil Warnock missed training today to film stuff on his phone outside Parliament. Has vowed to grow back his eyebrows if Brexit collapses.
Thks Alison+for #Yemen end #RapeClause &amp; al Thks MPs #BrexitVote will NOT IMPROVE England #BrexitShambles UK debt £2.1Trillion SCOTS INSTRUCT #Indyref2 73 days #Truth=100% Chaos Scots RESOURCES pay #UK #Brexit 62% Scotland voted NO Brexit IGNORED 3.5YRS #DissolveTheUnion
Interesting article, very evident that no one comes out of this well! #BrexitVote After May loses here are SIX ways the Brexit drama might play out
As my MP I beg of you to vote down May's Brexit deal today.
Parliament debates and votes on May's Brexit deal – watch live via
Are you reading this ?
Husband got the same score as me and he doesn't even watch Newsnight! Quiz: how well have you been following Brexit?
Whilst all the Brexit fiasco has been going on, what was going on behind the scenes - - - Waspi, NHS chaos, NI still no Devolved gov, Sco INDY, and more or distractions such as the bird that caused chaos in business class, M &amp; S Closures and more
The Grade 7 Violin thing for Bamford made me LOL IRL
Well i finally got a letter from the Dutch gouverment information about Brexit smh
And by the way, if it wasn't for Corbyn taking out TM's majority and denying her a majority Brexit would have already happened.
BREXIT VOTE TODAY….WHAT TO EXPECT? -
In my opinion, the worst possible outcome of today would be a general election. In that case either or will claim they have a mandate to carry out #brexit as they see fit. We would also most likely not see any coherence within either party.
Cant find any party bunny ears with Brexit written on them anywhere???
An excellent piece by on how not to exit. It's been obvious from the start but good to see it confirmed here: the staggering, breath-taking, utter ignorance of our politicians about the EU and how it operates.
on the Meaningful vote: “Businesses need certainty in order to deliver their investment and employment growth plans. The worst possible scenario for them would be a chaotic no deal Brexit" #Brexit
Need to escape from #Brexit info overload today? Try #JSBach. Cantata 5 has the title you need. “Where can I flee to?” Glorious music.
Brexit: The British Parliament might defeat the will of the British people expressed in a referendum. Now wonder India is such a mess with the British Government of India Act (1935) aka Constitution (1949) replicating British Democracy in India!
Brexit: What happens next with the UK?
here you go:
Things like this will likely get lost in the noise of Brexit, but it's important to know that there ARE good news stories like this out there. Good on ya, Det. Sgt. Nick Bailey
Summoning my energy for #Brexit bullshit.
Brexitometer street stalls are held every weekend up and down the country. They are a useful tool to encourage discussion on Brexit. This one was held 10.30am-1pm in front of the cathedral in Wakefield last Saturday. Feel free to come along to our next one. We welcome all views!
Why is it... that from over here in America... it's quite obvious that the Cambridge Analytica/Bannon/Farage (or farrago) cocktail did FOR Brexit what elements of it would later do TO America... yet I NEVER ever hear any of this obviousness on BBC (radio)?
Sarah you’ve not said nothing about Brexit.
But #WATO, with this rousing music-backed montage of Brexit you are spoiling us.
SNP has shouted about 'a hard Tory Brexit' but here they are going through the same lobby as the hard Tory Brexiteers. It appears to be what they really want after all.
Let those linguistically limited idiots reflect that, scratch the surface and we are all from somewhere else. Their Anglo-Saxon vocabulary derives, as the name suggests, from GERMANY!!!
Brexit means Brexit but we don't like this Brexit can we have another Brexit but without another vote or general election. Up the Boreham Wood massive
Watching the #Brexit #debate I do wonder if MP’s would better serve if they paid attention rather than texting throughout debates?
He's right. The sooner Scotland in particular is free of the bonds of the ugly old British Empire the better. We want out - of the UK.
As Brexit enters its most critical phase, the Brexit Bulletin newsletter will now be sent exclusively to our valued subscribers Sign up here:
Russian agents?
THIS year is set to be one of big change, but while no one can predict the outcome of Brexit, there are some big tax alterations coming into play which are more foreseeable. Tax changes - 5 key personal updates and how they will affect YOU in 2019
London Markets: FTSE 100 clings to gains as London investors await crucial Brexit vote #WallSt January 15, 2019
Yup, I think MPs are seriously underestimating the weight is support for WTO Brexit. We are sick of the attempts to manipulate and obsfiscate. Enough is enough
Parliament will debate 4 amendments to Theresa May’s motion on her Brexit deal – and they would all effectively wreck the draft accord she’s negotiated
And someone is right
Government ‘sneaks out’ £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote
No choice or only choice is the same thing. UKIP is the only party that has the capacity to deliver Brexit. As people become angry, they should channel that anger into making UKIP a powerful force for change.
$UKX - LONDON MARKETS: FTSE 100 Clings To Gains As London Investors Await Crucial Brexit Vote
Struggling to follow debate on #Brexit Struggling to follow the Father of the House with THAT suit placed behind him - is it Austin Powers back to save the day? Yeh baby, yeh!
One of the first to proactively talk about stockpiling. --&gt; The Entertainer retailer stockpiles summer toys as Brexit fears mount
If UK Parliament rejects May's Brexit deal, what's Plan B? via
Parliament debates and votes on May's Brexit deal – watch live via
AngusMacNeilSNP: RT AngusMacNeilSNP: From today, the day of the Brexit meaningful vote, - which referendum do you think SNP politicians should be speaking for?
$UKX - LONDON MARKETS: FTSE 100 Clings To Gains As London Investors Await Crucial Brexit Vote
Also the leave campaign were not a government or likely to form a government so had no right to make promises about spending on the NHS etc #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit
Incredible that a mother has to go this far just to do her job... #maternity #brexit
Colour me shocked.
Bit busy out. #Parliament #Brexit
A stunning 14/15 on this Quiz: how well have you been following Brexit?
Labour rightly can’t accept backstop. Also good point that the EU is not ‘using best endeavours’ - but difficult to prove in law! Soubry - ‘this is a blindfold Brexit’. However Labour’s position, ‘we cannot Leave without a Deal’ is nonsense - EU won’t roll back it’s Red Lines.
UK's May warns Brexit deal rejection would be 'catastrophic'
BBC this am chirpy Interviewer in a factory asking views on the challenges and exciting opportunities for Brexit. Exciting I thought, that's new!
Global #markets hold their collective breath ahead of today's #Brexit vote.
British PM faces defeat in historic Brexit deal vote
I’m in Westminster with MPs, protesters and lots of very cold journalists, covering the day that parliament finally votes on Theresa May’s Brexit deal. Follow along with our live updates:
Now is the time to lead....
Funny and sad, from BBC on Brexit
what have the Romans I mean Tories ever done for us? #brexitshambles #brexit #Mayday #topicalcomedian
Well no, because he's on the opposition benches. There would be a Tory leadership contest in which the Tory membership would elect a hard brexiter and a No Deal brexit is guaranteed.!
I saw this on The Sun app and thought you’d enjoy it Two huge boxes of Krispy Kreme donuts delivered to Downing Street under armed guard ahead of Brexit vote
As Brexit nears, EMA improves staff retention forecast, commits to uninterrupted drug evaluations
Jolyon Maugham: 'This is a profoundly important moment in the life of the UK. MPs are genuinely struggling with how to act in the national interest. In order to do so, they need to be clear about what the options are.' #Brexit
Brian moore called me #Wanker then blocked me after I commented on a #Brexit rant of his Perfect commentary on his 'I know everything' persona #MrRSole
I’m thinking , May has to let brexit fail, or the Rothchilds will get rid of her , permanently due to the nwo, globalism push
IMAGINE BEING NAMED AFTER A WAR, AS IF SHE COULD REALLY DELAY A BABYS BIRTH LMFAO MEANWHILE, ACCORDING TO LABOUR'S DIANNE ABBOTT BREXIT WILL BE DELAYED UNTIL 31.2.2020
ATTENTION! Here is the perfect antidote to the "Brexit"chitter chatter Why not give it a listen Deal? Leave it ! .............
I’ve said, from the time the ballot initiative was passed, Brexit wouldn’t become a reality. Nothing I’ve seen or read has changed my mind.
It's time to demand an end to the national embarrassment that is Brexit. It's time to demand that the people have the final say on Brexit and opportunity to stay in the EU &gt; .news source: LibDems
T'graph: DUP rejects all Brexit amendments A DUP spokesman said: “Parliament is today being asked to vote on the legally binding withdrawal agreement negotiated by the Prime Minister. That does not contain an end date on the backstop. 1/3 #BrexitVote #DUP
And the "loudmouths" I referred to are yellow vested fascist thugs riding on the Brexit bandwagon, not decent Leave voters.
Newstalk Podcast: The London Irish look back on their past &amp; look at how Brexit could change their status in the UK via for #BrexitShambles #BrexitVote
TO GO TO &amp; become our PM in these vital times until twots find a decent leader of their party !!! #NoDealNoProblem
Just imagine no #brexit and the 17.4 million become guerilla fighters knocking out communications, rail power water. Could it happen? Maybe not 17.4 million but there's enough anger out there for some to go there. #StrangeDaysIndeed
The lies of Rees-Mogg exposed for what they are. Worth watching the full 20 minute exchange.
Classic example of Brexit masking cuts - FT article on DWP statement on cuts to couples joint pension sneaked out this week.
House prices to grow 13% by 2023 despite Brexit - forecast
. frames a as a way of finding out ‘is it the Brexit they voted for’ .... it’s not, it’s an attempt to reverse #brexit if it wasn’t she would accept that ‘remain’ should not be on the ballot paper and the choice should be ‘TM DEAL’ or ‘WTO’
Rewarded for doing a crap job. The country has gone mad. We, the people must assert our authority over these snouts in the trough at the ballot box. Let’s deselect traitors, get a WTO Brexit over the line &amp; start rebuilding our free country.
Perhaps we could arrange another football match - "1 versus the 27" - in Brussels to mark the UK leaving? #Brexit
I'm just telling you you're wrong about Brexit. Don't get rude mate.
Absolutely. Having said that, my family &amp; community are at the rough end of austerity &amp; other Tory policies and Brexit is the last thing we need.
Ken Clarke on his feet now defending putting an end to my freedom of movement and that of 65 million others. Shame on you #brexit #stopbrexit
You had better get used to Brexit because whatever happens to the UK the EU is fucked
Taoiseach tells TDs re. stock of medicines for Ireland in event of Brexit no deal - there are 24 medicines on a "watchlist". 60-70% of medicine stocks come from UK or through. Advice has been not to stockpile.
British MPs' choice will affect 66 million citizens
If it takes three years to pull a rug then nobody including those standing on it would be surprises as the MP puts it in regards to a No Deal ! There's nothing sudden about a No Deal this was the mantra May used prior to her General election win &amp; 1 option
Brexit is a warning signal for the German economy
As the says there are many of our supporters out to shout that this Deal is not what was promised! We need a #PeoplesVote to ask if this is what we want! Parliament ahead of MPs' vote on Theresa May's deal #dealday #DealOrNoDeal
Even after Brexit I won’t be buying the Mail again. Read it for 35 years
The full piece in The Telegraph published only in England!! OUR oil is the only way they can save their economy after a disasterous Brexit!!! Now why would they not have published that in Scotland?! Click to enlarge.
You must inhabit a beautiful world of meadows, flowers and sunshine! Meanwhile my world is one of dungeons, pain and death.....and yet is no happier for it! Best wishes for survival! xx
Pretty positive outcome of two years in which Brexiteers have produced no plan, no answers, and no vision! Not surprising it’s a catalogue of negativity. What a sad place for Britain to be instead of being a proud independent member of the world’s largest trading group
while your waiting for the vote results! Don’t forget to turn the sound down on your phone do you don’t wake up david davis, think he’s still jet lagged from his travels to the States.
sounded like a busy factory, while you did your interviews, Annita .. lets hope the MP's can be as productive ! #brexit
Brexit, Steve King, Carol Channing: Your Tuesday Briefing
Brexit deal: how will the Westminster factions vote?
#PeakBrexit. I’ve now reached the point of hoping we get May’s deal with no say, if this is what we have to say...in the meantime, nurse! NURSE!!
Post #Brexit Mars Bar
Of all the likely scenarios, I hope that is what happens. She digs her heels in, and we leave without a deal. I would prefer a different conservative PM to push through an optimistic WTO Brexit though.
A very dangerous woman... this is a lie
#BrexitVote | The world is waiting with baited breath, as British MPs vote on PM #TheresaMay's #BrexitDeal later tonight. The big vote on #Brexit and what it means to the world politics &amp; economy is the big story on #IndiaTonight at 8:00 PM with . Stay Tuned!
TUESDAY NEWS IN A RUSH: 10 top headlines and Sentinel Colorado NewsMinute video - Sentinel Colorado #ShutDown #MuellerProbe #Brexit #WilliamBarr #JaymeCloss #TIgers #NBA
Yes. And is a leading plotter in it. He doesn't care about Brexit, he just wants to be PM. If there was a poll with the outcome, that 70% of people would support a PM that allows a nationwide Chorizo and cheese binge feast, Johnson would be the first to campaign...
GERMANS WANT TO TALK.
While Cardiff City distance themselves from their manager's views on Brexit, Boreham Wood FC, the club Arsenal Women play their matches, do the complete opposite on the subject.
She needs to resign is the worst PM this country has had in a very long time. She is a traitor and should be charged and punished as such. She has betrayed the #Brexit referendum instruction from the #British people and democracy.
This is a callous attempt to rewrite history. Her bare-faced lying on this should be called out and corrected by journalists if they’re worth their salt. The media is complicit if they let this go by uncorrected.
How about dealing with the knife epidemic in London, you are supposed to be the Mayor, leave Brexit to the proper politicians
Many a true word is spoken in jest...
#HouseofCommons to hold voting tonight on #PM Theresa May's #Brexit deal
Soyboy dislikes conflict.
Today, a leaked European Commission presentation reveals that promises that an EU-UK trade deal will be ready by the end of the transition period are ‘a commitment to make an effort, not to deliver a result’.
May's Deal is NOT a Deal it is a Treaty that will bind England and the rest of the UK to the EU for ever. It is an unbreakable Treaty and no Letter or promise from anyone in...
I think Brexit is finally not happening
Agreed! I know so much focus on Brexit...but come on ....enough is enough friends! Standing together makes you stronger!
U.K. Facing Loss of Entertainment Biz as Brexit Looms - Variety
Where is David Cameron? Nice What is he doing? Putting his trotters up What is he thinking? Why he was so passive with Brexit. Will he ever say sorry? Twaaat.
Well said JHB. Remoaners **are** actually insane! They've lost all sense of proportion &amp; rationality!
Even the leading Brexiteers agree that a #NoDeal #Brexit will result in the disruption of food supplies as well as medical shortages. Are you fabulously rich? If not, &amp; you want to crash out of the EU, you're planning to make your OWN CHILDREN suffer. I'd like to know why.
Isn't #geoffreycox supposed to be locked in Big Ben for being held in contempt of parliament? Must have been saved by the renovations. #Brexit #BrexitVote
That was hysterical. James did overreach a couple of times, but the hormone-ridden beef thing was terrific. Hormone in beef production means it can't be organic. And you know who believes in only eating organic meat? ' favourite Australian Brexit-loving economist!
Want to follow along with the final day of debate on May's Brexit deal? My excellent colleagues are explaining everything here #BrexitVote
Not that I’m likening brexit process to poker... just saying ‘I do feel lucky’.
MPs need to trust the voters and have confidence in Britain's ability to thrive after Brexit
The already did in 2016 and again in 2017. 52% for Leave in 2016. 85% for Brexit manifesto parties in 2017. Remain got 7% at the GE.
Reminds me of Brexit...
But 54% of people prefer a version of Brexit as opposed to the 28% that prefer Remain.
Glad to see you're backing a real Brexit!
The only #undemocratic vote was #Brexit vote as it did not give right of voice to ALL people who will get affected by its outcome #BrexitDeal
Irish farmers are already bearing the brunt of the impending Brexit through “disastrous” beef prices
One of the “others”, , whose Brexit record detailed here with her continual double dealing is staggering
It’s the hard Brexiters in ERG and DUP blocking progress, c’mon, try to base your comments on what’s actually going on rather than just remainer bashing - this is basic stuff. It’s another part of the irony of Brexit.
Parliamentary Brexit vote primarily about the political class, analyst says
a dance floor comment on the chaos that is Brexit
So convenient it's a wonder we don't think it's a dreadful coincidence!
Big Brexit vote tonight
Not undemocratic when it is patently obvious that implementing Brexit will cause immeasurable harm to the UK. Too late to try and get back in on worse terms if we let this go ahead.
And was not the Brexit Campaign well funded? So why have they not been prosecuted fully.
BBCNEWS 6:18am BREXIT DEAL VOTE. EU: Backstop will apply for as short a time as possible; I BREXIT DEAL VOTE. Eabour, Lib Dems &amp; SNP...
Jacob Rees-Mogg owns James O'Brien Over Brexit Vote - LBC This is the best thing I've seen in a long-time. Thank you. Advise O'brien to stick to humiliating less informed members of the public for his remoaner tribe brexit diatribe ratings.
Vote for this and pay £39bn for no guaranteed trade deal, no guaranteed way out of back stop, no guarantee that EU won’t veto future trade deals that are deemed injurious to EU by EU! Only guarantee is that this is not what we voted for when we voted to Leave.
BREXIT BOMBSHELL: MP's ‘Sunset’ amendment could SAVE deal as EU hints at MAJOR climbdown
It’s more terrifying. Brexit will be challenging but won’t cripple the UK like a Corbyn government would.
A polite request from Europe: wake us up when you know what you want from Brexit | Joris Luyendijk
Brexit vote: When is it and what happens next?
But first, there needs to be true Brexiteer leading the talks with the EU. What really needs Is UK LEAVE, then have talks with Member States to get a clearer picture, without the EU ideology clouding issues!
FEATR: Research: Not Another Brexit Bill for Brokers!
I know pointing and laughing and random wingnuts is uncool and not helpful, but just marvel at the psyche that is able to formulate that a vote for literal Hitler = OK, but Quislings = treachery and bad.
Don't worry Brexit people, your friendly neighbour Spider-Man comes to fix the havoc in jolly ol' London &lt;3
Brexit Faces Decisive Vote In House Of Commons
"Populism" n. A defect in modern Western democracies whereby voters falsely believe that their country is superior to and independent of other nations and select their leaders accordingly. See also "Racism". #brexit #maga #DunningKruger #kakistocracy
Getting political over on Twitter!
It’s the #Brexit vote tonight. How prepared is your business for #Brexit?”
The odious duplicitous woman is just using it as an excuse in an attempt to thwart Brexit.
Brexit: Blame it on the banking crisis [ ]
dlvr illegal Brexit vote: Lawmakers expected to reject Theresa May's EU exit plan aliens : votered
dumb People’s Vote supporters damaging this country more than the people who voted for Brexit lmaoooo
James O'Brien's Unmissable Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote
Who's paying for this pro Brexit propaganda? My guess is this account traces back to a shell company in the Caimans.
A second vote? But what about the will of the… oh never mind.
#biotech #altium As Brexit nears, EMA improves staff retention forecast, commits to uninterrupted drug evaluations
i meant the whole brexit is cancelled
She is Scots .......
It should speak volumes to the public that May is willing to jeopardise the agreement for Brexit.
one of the many details about Brexit is how EU Nationalists like this German journalist who lives in London &amp; thinks Britain should be servile &amp; brought to heel like a dog were great colour in the atmospherics that made it inevitable
Danger with reopening talks is that there will be attempts to included much of the handover of sovereignty, such as armed forces, defence capability and foreign policy, in small print. There is NO TRUST in the existing government to handle further talks. A new team is essential.
British people - “we should remain” Also British people - “if it goes tits up though, we made our bed - time to sleep in it”??
Would like to think Theresa May has an @ all email where she could send everyone a quick email with the main points of the Brexit deal in bullet point form.
Hard to believe David David was Brexit Secretary for two years sometimes
May Faces Worst Government Defeat in 95 Years in Brexit Vote
The chaos of the Tory party is what caused all of this mess! #Brexit #BrexitVote #skynews #bbcnews #itvnews
Lads, I'm in Belgium that weekend hiding from Brexit otherwise I'd have come up for a pint.
Interesting. Vince Cable seems able to ignore Paddy Ashdown's point about even if the majority in a vote is only 1percent that is the democratic will of the people to be implemented. You can't be an honourable politician and subvert democracy. #Brexit
I am in full agreement. As a loyal supporter of
Rees-Moog makes JOB twitch. #brexit #wto #bds
To stop brexit is to teleport us back to May 2016. Ask yourself, is that a desirable final state? Or a sticking plaster on a systematic problem?
The Prime Minister reportedly told her Cabinet that she will ‘push on’ with her Brexit deal no matter how big the defeat is #BrexitVote
"we heard scare stories which never came true" Really? Dozens of financial jobs have left London for Dublin, Frankfurt and Amsterdam, JRL cutting 4k jobs saying a partial reason was Brexit. Leave the EU without a deal and no more holidays in the EU without a visa.
These politicians simply do NOT want Brexit happening no matter what deal that's put on the table it's a complete shambles on all sides of the parties , the referendum has been done we voted out so it's either the deal on the table or no deal and walk from the corrupt EU
Not so hasty. Labour could lose a General election. Unless it changes it’s policy on Brexit and supports either revoking article 50 or a PV why vote Labour?
EU just lets us leave !!!
Threat from Trump potentially bigger than Brexit for Irish exporters - economist:
The quickest way to a PV is a general election as Barry Gardiner explains
There’s a huge difference between Trump &amp; #Brexit wins even if both were partly driven by #populism. Trump won b/c all #conservative states voted him + some switch in centrist states. Brexit won handily in Labour-voting areas &amp; was opposed by mainstream conservatives.
Really dislike the way he's been turned into this liberal hero in the past few years, whatever you think on Brexit he was pretty useless and completely out of his depth!
In England &amp; Wales #Brexit vote was particularly strong. #Scotland was pro-Remain (altho’ it might’ve been less pro-EU &amp; more to stick it to the sassenachs).
With Theresa May's EU exit deal to be voted on today there's still many questions to be answered about Brexit! So, we're answering some of your concerns about future holidays in Europe: #travelinsurance #Brexit #BrexitVote #BrexitDeal
Brian moore called me #Wanker then blocked me after I commented on a #Brexit rant of his Perfect commentary on his 'I know everything' persona #MrRSole
It’s also ironic the #Left is calling #Leave voters stupid &amp; ignorant when so many Left-leaning regions voted for #Brexit. These are working class voters who left the cosmopolitan #multicultural Left #pun
Well they are trying to make it a monopoly, in the USA only federal taxes are equal among states. The each state have their own local tax.
Here it is:
The Guardian picking up the line from David Mundell on #bbcgms saying May could try multiple times to get her deal through Parliament
Proves that she has no intention for this deal to be anything but a bad deal concocted to stop a real brexit.
BBC: 0.015 % Is irrationally scared of Brexit!!!!
Is the euro music to Europeans' ears? It's all Greek to them...
Investment and labour costs are main concern for social housing sector post-Brexit for Scotland
this website is free
German slowdown hits euro, sterling slips before Brexit vote #Jan15th
Some interesting reading here.
Boreham Wood have released an official statement on Brexit, because of course they have...
Imminent Brexit Sees A Surge In Demand For Suitable Warehousing Space And Staff
Arlene needs to get to fuck. We have some useless, lying bastards here but she takes to another level.
But the country is Brexit
a dance floor comment on the chaos that is Brexit
How is Dublin preparing for a possible no-deal Brexit?
Today is Brexit decision day Shortly after 7 p.m. Tuesday evening, British MPs f
It is extraordinary to listen to senior members of the government lying to Parliament during today's debate on #Brexit. What kind of people are these?
Lying coward.
Important #Brexit questions. It's astonishing how many people have no reasonable answer to them (or completely wrong ones), but don't feel any obligation to amend their opinions on the topic.
As Brexit nears, EMA improves staff retention forecast, commits to uninterrupted drug evaluations
Yes Tom!! Couldn't agree with you more on that statement.
Seems to explain his behaviour. But Labour leaders who defy the members (and who lose elections) do not have great career prospects
James O'Brien's Unmissable Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote - LBC | #PeoplesVote #BrexitChaos #BrexitShambles
Today is Brexit decision day Shortly after 7 p.m. Tuesday evening, British MPs f
Translation: Tomorrow evening I will commit political suicide by backing a deal that no one supports . I hope my future career in a telesales goes better than my political one
Tried that. All that came up was Brexit means Brexit and project fear. It's almost as though either there wasn't a plan or they didn't want to say what it was. That's why people get angry and resort to name calling when they're asked for it. Keep smiling
Worth a listen if only to hear JRM cite Minford as the best economist then squirm to not answer a straight question. James O'Brien's Unmissable Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote - LBC
Good luck re:Brexit and good luck personally.England need some backbone founded on morality and principle.
Other... It's highly unlikely Brexit will be cancelled or a new vote called because that's undemocratic and not a line easily crossed as a politician. Delay likely. No deal unlikely.
a dance floor comment on the chaos that is Brexit
Wow... He's so clueless he thinks that's a GOOD thing.
Today's #BrexitVote is likely to feature more parliamentary chaos. To understand why, read: Me, on why parliament is stuck: on why moves to nix Brexit are undermining parliament's own authority: #MeaningfulVote
So once we’re out Brexit becomes even more popular than being in the EU. No wonder EU fanatics are desperate to thwart brexit.
My position? What position? You stated no-one wants more time for brexit. You want 5 or 6 months more brexit time for a referendum. But wish to disallow a new government negotiating a better deal during that 5-6 months.
May is fighting for a #brexit that is not in the best interests of the country. Only #NoBrexit is.
For all you Spanish fluent folks this was what I was involved with ovver the last couple of days. Looking at Brexit from a Trading partners perspective.
Brian moore called me #Wanker then blocked me after I commented on a #Brexit rant of his Perfect commentary on his 'I know everything' persona #MrRSole
This is the case. The deal must fail
Britain's May faces defeat in parliament over Brexit plan
#DUP leader Arlene Foster tells #ABetterDeal press conference there has never been a hard border between Northern Ireland and the Republic - full story #Brexit #BrexitVote #BrexitDeal
Finally voice of reason from Germany! Hillarious how the euro crown prince has no idea what Mrs. Storch is talking about :-)
When did Brexit stop being a cross party issue?
EU confirms no UK MEPs means default Brexit 2 July latest. New ref ruled out by timescale via
I was hoping it was the U.S. But of course it isn't. Brexit Britain. The loonies are out and about.
. is utterly unbelievable (and punchable) in this #Brexit debate with James O'Brien .
Exactly why I will NEVER walk go in a Wetherspoons or buy a Dysons Product Greedy profiteers the pair of them #BrexitLies
This interview tells everything what is wrong about the approach to Brexit in the UK. Sophie in't Velk, Dutch MEP: ‘UK's influence in Europe has faded since Brexit vote’ via
London Markets: FTSE 100 clings to gains as London investors await crucial Brexit vote
Buckle in – it’s going to be a hell of a week. via
This article by is well worth a read. Perhaps if the Government, and particularly the whips, had been savvier parliamentary operators, laying the necessary groundwork, then tonight's vote may have had a more positive outlook.
No. A Dr doesn’t let their patient commit suicide just because they want to. Politicians know Brexit isn’t practically possible without severe damage and they’d be criminal to push it through regardless. They’d harm their constituents
MPs seize on German minister’s suggestion of further Brexit talks | Politics
Maybe there should be no brexit at all
Hi Traders! #ES_F still in a range - waiting for TODAYs BREXIT decision. I am watching, observing. Let the market show his hand. Good Trading! #ES_F $ES_F #emini #Oderflow #orderbook #daytrading #trading #sp500 #emini #SPY $spy $vxx
1972 fashions trending in the HOC today... #brown #corduroy #brexit
How about people that voted against BREXIT and are still fighting to stop it, never get to vote.
Want to know how much it's going to cost to live or work abroad if brexit happens. We can get a good idea from looking at our own rather hostile procedures and charges, they will be implemented on reciprocal basis with other countries.
In the meantime the £ will tank, inward investment will stop, WTO tariffs will apply and kill some industries, ‘Just in Time’ will go out the window - but apart from that we’ll be just fine with our worthless blue passports.....
Does that mean we can get a Brexit PM at last?#LetsGoWTO
Koikimedia bringing the world closer to your doorsteps #brexit #London @ Palace of Westminster
Colour me shocked.
My current take on 'Brexit'. But who knows? They are insane. They staged the death of MP 'Jo Cox' (ask me for links) thinking we'd vote remain. We didn't. They have no intention of letting us leave the EU stepping stone to their NWO. Beware Scotland and Wales. We are the patsies.
What she literally needs most of all is a hard border. A hard border is DUP's real brexit dividend. Makes perfect sense to begin devaluating the concept.
BBC News - Theresa May facing crunch vote on her Brexit deal
The Minster for External Relations is currently making a statement about the Government’s preparations for #Brexit #StatesAssembly #JerseyCI
What the fuck.
Wouldn’t it be a giggle if she went into natural labour whilst voting? Labour MP Tulip Siddiq delays Caesarean for Brexit vote
Rosslare's #Brexit emergency plan could take five years, writes
a dance floor comment on the chaos that is Brexit
So May’s plan for the vote is basically the same as the plan for brexit. Ie “hopefully a miracle will happen”
#RiversideAttack looks terrifying. People inside the hotel live tweeting for help. Gunfire going off on the news. Puts the #Brexit vote into perspective.
What happens next after the Brexit vote? Will Theresa May resign? A second referendum? A general election?
And who wanted to amend it, but resigned when May took all responsibility for Brexit away from the Brexit secretary and will now vote against it and is optimistic about what a WTO Brexit can deliver. Yes, he is OK.
Brian moore called me #Wanker then blocked me after I commented on a #Brexit rant of his Perfect commentary on his 'I know everything' persona #MrRSole
#fbpe any explanations? #brexitvote #brexit
Brexit is whether we value our democracy and uphold what the majority voted for in the 2016 referendum. The result of the democratic referendum was that the UK leaves the EU. At the next democratic General Election vote for whoever supports rejoining the EU. That’s democracy.
Today marks an immensely important and significant day in History. For I have just been granted the UK-wide Trademark: “for the many, not the few”. Very exciting! Difficult to concentrate on anything else. Anything happening? #BrexitVote #BrexitChaos #Brexit
#bbcwato...bbc uses soundtrack to chariots of fire to describe May and the tories...should have used Benny Hill theme tune...but thats bbc propaganda for you...#bbcnews #Brexit #BrexitVote
I wish staunch remainers like would stop saying, "it's not what brexiteers voted for" How the hell would she know what we voted for, she wants remain. How come leavers would need to win twice to see Brexit implemented and remain only needs to win once?
WE STILL DONT ACTUALLY KNOW WHAT WOULD HAPPEN IF WE LEAVE THE EU. PLEASE STOP PRETENDING THAT WE HAD NO INFORMATION BEFORE BREXIT AND NOW WE HAVE IT ALL. ALL I SEE IS A BUNCH OF PEOPLE WHO DIDNT GET THEIR WAY SAYING BREXIT IS BAD FOR THIS COUNTRY. CAN WE PUT IT TO BED. BORING.
is it me or is the UK Parliament getting more crazy- some of my observations Labour are clearly winning Tories are clearly clinging on to power SNP are screaming into the Abyss being not listened to The Rest are being dragged along #Brexit #BrexitVote #corbyn
UK financial assets and the pound will rally if the PM gets her way on Brexit, says deVere CEO to #Brexit #BrexitVote
DWP accused of sneaking out hit to retired couples during Brexit row via
This kinda make sense. If things do go the way of a GE May will want to be able to say that she was consistent and truthful in her deal being the only deal the EU had to offer when Corbyn goes off on his “for the many” renegotiation fantasy.
And LBC bloke should shut the fuck up every now and then. Brexit wallies will hang themselves
340 MP’s DONT PAY FOR ENERGY. #skynews #skypapers #bbcpapers #bbcnews #lbclive #lbc #talkradio #london #ukip #cityoflondon #bbcswitchoff #brexit #remain #leave #breaking #uknews #news #altnews #realnews #yellowvestsuk #parliament #nodealbrexit #BrexitWTO #commons
Any time I read something about #brexitShambles (I stopped following it closely in 2017, (fore)seeing #brexit BS would last &gt;years&lt;) I then think to myself, at lease we aren't governed by a groper in chief ("look at those hands!") who shuts down government
EXPLAINED: The Brexit amendments MPs are set to vote on tonight and what they all mean via
An informative article. My concern about what happens next regarding the Psycho drama that is Brexit is how on earth will anything change given Govt policy on austerity? Article: Theresa May will need more than warm words to revive left-behind Britain
"The government would rather...but Labour and the Tories...." This has nothing to do with Labour, Tories, Brexit or anything that isn't the Scottish Government. You want to make this about others because you need it not to be about the major SNP personalities.
Didnt the #Brexit vote already happen, like 2 years ago?
This is bonkers #brexit #westminster
Is it because Krispy Kreme isn't even that good?
Asian shares on defensive, sterling braces for Brexit vote
So tell me 'people's vote'(PV) campaigners, what Brexit is going to be put up against Remain in the PV you want, if our Sovereign, Parliament, has already rejected both Theresa May's crap deal&amp;'No Deal Brexit'? Anyone see the problem? A GE makes more sense than a PV #Politicslive
That’s more like a Tory government | Government ‘sneaks out’ £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote
British PM faces defeat in historic Brexit deal vote
Oooooooof... erm, what? True, not all members have a well deserved spot but certainly wouldn’t go applauding every single member of the HoC #learnurfacts
German slowdown hits euro, sterling slips before Brexit vote:
Hi All Read this. THIS IS THE TRUE FACE OF THE EU. THEY ARE LAUGHING BEHIND THERESA MAY'S BACK. Alex B
"Vote for Hitler to save democracy" The state of Brexit, ladies &amp; gentlemen.
The vote in Britain's parliament on Prime Minister Theresa May's Brexit plan is likely to take place around 8 p.m. (2000 GMT) on Tuesday with the announcement of the result possible about 15 minutes later. "Parliament likely to vote on May's Brexit plan…
watch it as it happens - BREXIT deal or no deal
Theresa May makes final plea to lawmakers ahead of key vote on Brexit plan
Theresa May heading for historic defeat in Brexit vote
Yes, only today Peel's chief exec has been quoted on how Brexit uncertainties with respect to trade between the east coast and the Continent are benefitting the Port of Liverpool. Brexit is ours (and plenty of other places outside the SE's) biggest opportunity for a 1/2 century.
MPs are preparing to vote on whether to back Theresa May's #Brexit deal for leaving the #EuropeanUnion
My article on Brexit and the UK's long-term immigration policy... When tough talk becomes reality: the UK’s new immigration policy
She can stay if she announces at the time of defeat in the HOC that Britain will BREXIT to WTO rules March 29, 2019!
Ken Clarke is lying Treasonous Neoliberal Fascist Bilderberg scum. He was a Lobbyist for Big Tobacco and the left used to hate him for his Right Wing Corporatist Agenda. He is NOT on your side. Why don't the #Remainers realize this? #Brexit #MayMustGo
Brian moore called me #Wanker then blocked me after I commented on a #Brexit rant of his Perfect commentary on his 'I know everything' persona #MrRSole
You mean, after Brexit.
Molly Scott Cato: The EU will not allow Corbyn the type of Brexit he wants As I watched Andrew Marr interview Jeremy Corbyn on Sunday, I kept looking round the studio to see if there was a unicorn in the room. I feel like we need this new metaphor for …
How can it be an objection to the Withdrawal Agreement from a UK perspective to argue that our obligations are too low? I can see how another Member State might raise that objection.
Suck out if you want Brexit to happen
#Leavers knew what they were voting for! #BrexitVote #StandUp4Brexit #Brexit #BBC #SKY #LBC #ConservativeParty #Labour #UK #EU
And here. UK reapplying to EFTA's not something they all welcome wholeheartedly - they have concerns and it won't be an easy ride
Any chance you can sort the Brexit shambles out? TIA
Is EU poised for dramatic #Brexit climbdown? German Foreign Minister drops hint as MP tables "sunset" amendment on backstop #NorthernIreland #EuropeanUnion
#Rebel for life #ExtinctionRebellion
Four amendments selected with Theresa May facing crushing defeat in Brexit meaningful vote Jacob Rees-Mogg is a disingenious liar and a dangerous, dangerous man. Shame on him for his false and inflammatory comments.
Thank you Andrea, keep up the good fight, we’ll win in the end!!
Newspapers around the world are watching Westminster ahead of tonight's crucial #Brexit vote.
a dance floor comment on the chaos that is Brexit
without being a prophet : UK is screwed #NODeal #Brexit #GnlElection or #Remain with a divided country, a Parliament represents the entitled + votes party line not according to people + no minority representation #anyWhichWayYouLoose
More humour - from today's Guardian newspaper: We know that Vote Leave campaign was cleverer with words and images (see Brexit, The Uncivil War on channel 4 catch-up). We also know that...
Final rant regarding Brexit: THE BRITISH DON'T EVEN KNOW WHAT THEY WANT. So now countless real people are losing jobs, worrying about their future because David Cameron decided that his political future was more important than the future of his country. #brexit
"Brussels boasts that #Brexit deal will tie UK to EU rules for years" - The Sun:
Confused about what on earth is actually going on today? read great Brexit vote timeline and explainer
Your Dad is so unhappy about the divorce he's taken over his local club's website to have a rant about Brexit
Her deal won’t even allow England to do their own deal with US. Is she nuts?...
I'm gobsmacked watching Ken Clarke defending the WA, but he's speaking sense - for once. #Brexit #BrexitVote #WithdrawalAgreement
Remove the red lines and it isn’t Brexit
I’m curious, are there any other clubs taking an official stand on Brexit?
All is fake All is fake Just like british royals.
Brexit Vote: Parliament to Decide on E.U. Withdrawal Plan #jlabnews
Parliament to vote on May's Brexit deal
What this MP posted about the statement he refers is not fully what the statement said. Advice to citizens - as a minimum, always double check everything you hear from politicians.
Switch and fix energy provider to avoid potential post-Brexit price hikes #Businessmanagement
BBCNEWS 6:20am BREXIT DEAL VOTE. MP3 will vote tonigm on proposed deal to .em LU , I ' BREXIT DEAL v1???. Prime Minis'ev has called...
Another one who's been promised a knighthood...
12/15. Disappointed.
First world problems
The latest The AcceleratorU Daily (ish)! Thanks to #ausvind #brexit
This simply is not a credible threat. HMG can't go from gig to gig, warning in one that the guaranteed alternative to the deal is no deal and then in the other trailing no brexit.
Listening to Ken Clarke speaking on the Uk role within the EU during this #Brexit debate I'm reminded that the bloke lives in a utopian peanut shell. He really has developed into as much of a buffoon as he sounds.
Great speech by . He's a remainer, and freely admits it, but if we don't Brexit then we go against the referendum and we've still got time to carry on negotiating the final "deal"! Voting against breaks democracy! #BrexitVote And that's all I'll say on the matter!
FTSE 100 clings to gains as London investors await crucial Brexit vote – MarketWatch
Plan B is to revive Plan A. You really couldn't make this shit up! #BrexitVote
Wel said Caroline.
LIVE: House of Commons holds final debate and vote on May's Brexit deal
You know, hard Brexit could've used King George's song from Hamilton as their campaign strategy.
"Parliament to vote on May's Brexit deal"
The BBC World Service will have a live radio special tonight covering UK parliament's vote on Theresa May's Brexit deal, as it happens. 5 p.m. EST/10 p.m. GMT. Listen in at I'll be pulling strings and mashing buttons behind the scenes.
And we are very fortunate that Professor Scully will be speaking to WEA Llanelli this Thursday 17 January 2019 7.30 FREE Lliedi Suite Selwyn Samuel Centre Llanelli. Croeso cynnes i bawb
So true, so entertaining but begs a question. How did we achieve this debacle? Some blame FPTP and demand an end, followed by PR. How many safe seats are there, whose incumbent is safe for life, but might not be if their number in A Party Roll was based on merit, from 1 to 649?
BBC promoting Foster's lie that there was never a hard border. Aisling was stopped at the hard border many times with her family and had rifles pointed at her while papers were checked. Doesn't get much harder than that. More BBC bullshit.
On the way Place Londres Le Pub Brussels to see Battleship Brexit &amp; skeleton crew sink in channel between Ramsgate &amp; Ostende taking back control of our waters Please join me &amp; many others at #lepub #BrexitVote #PeoplesVote #PoliticsLive
So liberals are trying to force a redo on the will of the people in Britain. That’s liberals for you, never accepting the loss. Will lie, cheat &amp; threaten to get their way.
Conservative MP explains to me on #AfternoonLive why she will be voting against the government's Brexit deal
Could it be the loss of national sovereignty due to capital flows is blamed (with the encouragement of Redwood, Rees-Mogg et al) on the EU and hence is a reason for the Brexit vote?
Fuck off
When were you going to mention this? MP for Salisbury
Try buying a bottle of Champagne to celebrate #Brexit from cheaper markets; or a jar of Nutella; or . . . besides, these 'cheaper markets' of which you speak might undermine UK manufacturers through lower standards (chlorinated chicken anyone?) and wages.
Interesting take on that style of interviewing. Not sure we will agree, I’m a massive fan of his programme when it’s anything apart from Brexit which remains so toxic and divisive.
The latest The Peter English Daily! Thanks to #brexit #gillette
I liked a video Brexit Deal or No Deal - today's the day!
. frames a as a way of finding out ‘is it the Brexit they voted for’ .... it’s not, it’s an attempt to reverse #brexit if it wasn’t she would accept that ‘remain’ should not be on the ballot paper and the choice should be ‘TM DEAL’ or ‘WTO’ #politcslive
YouGov: Just 8% support a second referendum for next move to be on Brexit. A further 28% back stopping Brexit and remaining. 22% have No Deal as their first choice, along with 15% for Theresa May’s deal and another 9% want HMG to negotiate another deal ie Canada+
*one of the* lying weasels. He of the infamous "cashflow" throwaway remark.
Why are English/British MP’s, whether on the Brexit ou Remain side of their current impasse so totally ignorant about UE laws and regulations. They use the UE &amp; Commission as the bogey man in their own ill conceived laws &amp; bad governance, that deprives their poor &amp; vulnerable
May’s deal absolutely 100% does NOT deliver on the referendum. It does the opposite
I'm sick of politics in the world today; USA (Trump and his stupid wall), UK (Brexit) and India (religious polarity). Wonder if things will get more crazier before getting better? #politics #trumpwall #brexit
O Brien tried to do what he does to every Brexit caller belittle and bully but he was up against someone who was quite simply a master
a dance floor comment on the chaos that is Brexit
Somehow this #Brexit day is only getting more confusing. Bet he's probably not happy their next game is Havant and Waterlooville either... Maybe he'll get Theresa May to pick the team. Hope they have a backstop. Also watch your apostrophes...
The Observer view on Jeremy Corbyn’s need to show some leadership on Europe. The longer the Labour leader puts off backing another vote, the harsher will be the judgment of history.
What is happening in US &amp; UK? 1) In US a ranter who has started wrecking economic cooperation and growth prospects, including in the US 2) In UK paranoid liars who are trying their to push through their destructive views Have division, disruption and destruction be coe the rule?
. We agree verbally not to impose tariffs or quotas on each other, keep our troops in place, maintain Equivalence &amp; continued use of Euratom. When formalised in a written Treaty, we had over the agreed payment. Nothing "Hard" about a "Hard Brexit."
trump IS Brexit, so that's an even swap. Why bother?!
I wouldn't want to be in the police force ATM...
apetito is investing heavily to ensure plans are in place in the event of a no-deal #Brexit vote. Read our Brexit plan here for more detail
James O'Brien's Unmissable Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote - LBC
Sums up Brexit in a nutshell.
Except TM's deal is the biggest danger to the GFA. The separation of NI from UK. The EU itself gets a cursory mention only, there are no clauses will be broken by Brexit.
#DUP leader Arlene Foster tells #ABetterDeal press conference there has never been a hard border between Northern Ireland and the Republic - full story #Brexit #BrexitVote #BrexitDeal
The court heard the headteacher of nearby Layton Primary School, which has around 600 pupils, said the children could see the sign from the school, which was not acceptable.
To #Brexit or to #Bremain, that is the Question. Whatever the outcome of #BrexitVote, we are prepared to train you: Executive Training on Brexit Negotiations &gt; Executive Training on Brexit, Finance and Trade &gt;
As a wise guy said, negotiations with EU is like a basketball game: first 3 quarters do matter, but everything is decided in last 5' (or even overtime, as with Greek referendum drama in 2015). #MeaningfulVote is not even the start of the 4th quarter.
Brexit remains the biggest challenge for businesses in 2019 #brexit #economy #croydon #accountants #cloud #accounting #online
Bizarro Brexit Safer Brexit Brexit
is forced to delay childbirth to vote in the Commons. She is forced to do so because the Tories are deliberately delaying decisions on parental leave and proxy voting. Imagine being Kemi Badenoch and deciding the pregnant MP was the one playing politics. Shameful.
Does this woman have a connection with theresa mays missing files from when she was home sec and is that what the establishment have on her
I’m still puzzled why we are having a vote today for Mays deal .They clearly mean nothing and the result can be rerun until it suits so just go straight to the answer you want. We all know they are going to stop Brexit so get on with it so I can wash my yellow vest .
Very interesting meeting on #BREXIT with representatives of #Navarra #Government #Business #ChambersofCommerce and many more to discuss the impact of Brexit especially on #AgriFood and #Automotive sectors.
But stop with these anecdotes: you all live in the West, you are not without ignoring the drifting polls that predicted anything else and yet the results are contrary to what was expected! That of the election of Trump to Brexit, from Italy to Germany, etc.
So what about the #BREXIT vote today ? Did the chamber rejected Theresa's #UckingDeal ? #BREXIT #NoDeal #HardBREXIT #FuckJuncker
Stock up on your sausages, mustard and haggis: Berlin's "Broken English" is closing due to Brexit
Translation: 'British politicians wear blindfolds so Brexit can't catch them.' #birdbox #BrexitVote #BirdBoxChallenge #Brexit
What you need to do is resign.
Well well, as Germany enters a recession, it now decides to be less intransigent. Express: Germany CAVES IN: EU urged to find a 'better solution' as no-deal Brexit fears hit. via
After Brexit vote: No 10 draws up (not so secret anymore) contingency plans. #OllyRobbins
Brexit: The ONE and MAIN reason Theresa May is ONLY one to blame for Brexit CHAOS
What would u most like to see after the #BrexitVote #Brexit Please retweet
As Brexit nears, EMA improves staff retention forecast, commits to uninterrupted drug evaluations
our scaremongering! Thats Rich. who told the nation that 70 million Turks were about to turn up next door. that if we oppose Brexit, Fascists will rise and start lashing out with their Zimmers, that there will be war every Saturday. That the EU is in danger of imminent collapse?
Bizarre and tragic that the UK government came up with an EU deal so bad that Ken Clarke will vote for, our two first Brexit Secretaries will vote against and that Leavers are protesting against outside Parliament.
James O'Brien's Unmissable Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote
Just to be clear, I think Brexit is a bad idea, but I do understand why people voted for it. What I DON'T understand is that Brexiteers STILL haven't come up with any coherent plan for exit and future relationship - 2.5 yrs after the Brexit vote. Hate to see UK stumble out
No-deal Brexit 'threatens success of UK's top orchestras'
#Leavers knew what they were voting for! #BrexitVote #StandUp4Brexit #Brexit #BBC #SKY #LBC #ConservativeParty #Labour #UK #EU
Great listen and JOB made the usual valid points, but talking over JRM just allowed him to look the more composed individual in the debate, despite him not being able to state tangible or meaningful evidence of a decent no deal post Brexit scenario just the usual high level guff
When the government sends us down the river with all the #Brexit shite every engagement ring in the UK will be from poundland
And here it is. making an absolute show of Calling him a moron with a posh accent is actually generous. The alternative is someone purposefully lying for his own benefit, to the untold cost of millions.
How can you implement Brexit when you are pro- remain? No wonder she’s cocking it up and stressed. Her heart mustn’t be in it when she doesn’t believe herself it’s right to leave.
i see the pro brexit now anti brexit political editor has suggested [spins wheel of takes] gay people should shut up
torys distracting from the brexit vote with "jake gyllenhaal is mysterio" psy-op
Anyone who considers themselves democratic must distance themselves from any talk of no Brexit or a 2nd referendum. For the sake of TRUE DEMOCRACY there must be a FULL/COMPLETE BREXIT for at least 15 years. The ONLY options are either a temp semi/soft Brexit or a FULL/HARD BREXIT
You make my point. 3 years of constant anti Brexit propaganda .
For Brexit's sake I hope so.
#brexit has overshadowed a lot of things, 650 MPs run up £115,353,472.52p expenses in one year. While the majority of us are cutting back due to so called #austerity
If this vote causes brexit to be broken down and cancelled... I refuse to vote anymore no matter what the issue because clearly the public opinion is useless and just a guideline. They give us freedom of speech but don't actually listen. #BrexitVote
I put this up not so much the case of whataboutery but really to indicate ... those in glasshouses shouldn't throw stones. Needless to say is concerned that Freedom of Movement of Livestock is maintained after Brexit regardless of UK brinkmanship, not in his gift.
I am now firmly of the opinion the last 2 year's have been a complete charade. May intended to get a bad deal which will lead to a crisis in which they will find a way to steal #Brexit from us. 2nd referendum probably.
Then clarke if you scrap the brexit vote we want a general election a proper one so we can show you whos in control. It was your puppet cameron one foot in one foot out you ran for the hills now u want to call the shotson brexit go to hell#HouseofCommons
Ahead of today's 'meaningful vote' on May's deal, our Managing Editor summarises the key aspects of the deal. #Brexit #Brexitvote #EU #TheresaMay
"If the parliament is not able to make up its mind, ask the people." Leader of the Greens in the European Parliament Philipe Lamberts shows why #PeoplesVote must be considered:
What a phenomenal waste of money. To cater for the few hundred or so women of child bearing age on the off chance that they deliver at work, you want a fully staffed delivery suite. People like you are why this country is in the shits #brexit
I LOVE Uncle Ken (even though he's a Tory) - Great chap I go into a peaceful trance whenever I hear his d d dulcet tones.. #bbcparliament #brexit (not on #bbcnews) -
Poetry.
go the distance and do the right thing, force a rethink on the deal, dear I say offer a #PeopleVote May Deal, No Deal, Scrap Brexit. This is now the will the of the people you keep on using as an excuse to act how you want. #Crawley
So Govt still refuse to take off partisan blinkers. Trying to appease Tory hardliners on #Brexit is why the whole UK is now in this mess
#Brexit attacks on our Veterans &amp; elderly citizens now in over drive. would scrap the licence fee. I suggest we all have a meeting &amp; we scrap it by not paying,
The sense of destiny, the emotion &amp; excitement around today is not shared by the EU27 ...
Better remain than leave on this worst of both worlds proposal hated by both leavers and remainers in a deluded, absolutely unjustified belief that it will settle the question #Brexit #brino
The amount of bullshit MPs are still talking is incredible. Vote the Brexit Deal down.
Moron. Small factions of hard right thinkers have hijacked in Brexit, they DO NOT speak or represent the opinions of those like me who voted to leave the corrupt oppressive (see France, Catalonia) EU. Don't forget how many Labour run constituencies have voted leave..
Brexit Watch: Legal advice to the Government on the letter to the PM from the EU about the backstop and related matters and which is the subject of the current debate in the House of Commons-
"Trade negotiations are an unsentimental business. If countries spot desperation or a legal vulnerability, they will exploit it", writes Gideon Rachman, who details some of the hurdles in the striking free-trade deals. FT: #Brexit #UKPolitics
Speechless at the hypocrisy....
We don’t want a Square circle, we want a Brexit circle circle. That’s where she has been going wrong. A square isnt a circle. May’s deal isnt Brexit!
BREXIT a Leap of Faith?: via
The pro-Brexit and anti-Brexit protesters outside Parliament seem to have merged with each other. I gotta admit I found it slightly reassuring that even in the current toxic atmosphere two groups with opposing views are able to peacefully share the same space.
‘For the sake of working people’ it’s time to #BoycottTheGuardian and stand with for a General Election NOW!
It’s all going so very, very well isn’t it. #brexit #tory #brexit #lbc #theresamay #erg #bbcnews #JacobReesMogg
Take a few minutes to sign up and add your name to this petition. #Scotland #EU #indyref2 #ScotRef
If you love the WTO so much, why don't you move there?
David Squires on … football spying and Neil Warnock's Brexit views
If you’re a Sailor in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a tragedy for you. If you live in the North East of England then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this farce! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Philippe lamberts, Belgian MEP, on the EU Brexit committee also confirmed it: "If you want to avoid a no deal majority It can be a change of the position of the british government on what the future relationship needs to be, it can be a second referendum, it can be new elections"
Real Time Economics: Big Brexit Vote, Chinese Car Wreck
Brexit news latest: May’s Brexit deal dealt fresh blow as Bercow blocks key amendment | Politics | News |
Watch for fallout today in the Financial Markets depending on Brexit vote.
New post (My Deal or no Brexit says Theresa May!) has been published on RETWEET and help us beat the mainstream media! -
If you want a song to soundtrack BrexitNotBrexit day here you go, this guy’s awesome &amp; bob on #Brexit
Britons in EU may have to retake driving tests after a no-deal Brexit
Today is Brexit decision day -
The face of #Britain to the #World with Brexit fiasco. So embarrassing no civilised nation would trade or exchange culturally. #Brexit #BrexitVote #MeaningfulVote
First it is internet... then food and drinking water...then medicines... "Brexit will be a Titanic success" -
There have been three ministers for Brexit since 2016, which should give you a clue as to how well this has all been going.
In reality, I don't want a people's vote. I want our elected representatives to do what they are paid to do and act in the national interest and in what will safeguard the people of Britain the most. There is no evidence that Brexit will do this.
We have a handful of hours before the (latest) #Brexit vote. If you don't generally have #cable futures on your screen, it may be worth bringing them up today. #GBPUSD #6B_F
BREXIT: A polite request from Europe: wake us up when you know what you want from Brexit /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Agree with your arguments, but sadly there is a contradiction between the national interest and political party interests. This has been exposed by Brexit.
After #Brexit vote: No 10 draws up secret contingency plans
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the petition! via
You may wish to think that. But research shows that there has been very little shift in the attitude of voters towards #Brexit since the first referendum. The difference is marginal. Remainers may win a 2nd ref. but the margin will still be very thin whatever the outcome
340 MP’s DONT PAY FOR ENERGY. #skynews #skypapers #bbcpapers #bbcnews #lbclive #lbc #talkradio #london #ukip #cityoflondon #bbcswitchoff #brexit #remain #leave #breaking #uknews #news #altnews #realnews #yellowvestsuk #parliament #nodealbrexit #BrexitWTO #commons #Brexitvote
Don't get too excited about tonight - May is planning to just carry on carrying on. Can MPs find enough agreement to stop her?
BEST BRITISH TELLY EVER. Man, imagine an update bringing us bang up to Brexit.
Theresa May faces worst government defeat in 95 years in key Brexit vote - Bloomberg
The PMs Brexit Deal is very bad a No Deal would be even worse, we need a General Election or a Peoples Vote or a Re-Negotiation to get a Better Deal.
"Brexit, Stage Right"
Factory Theresa May chose for her big #Brexit speech yesterday received £400,000 EU grant. #BrexitVote #PeoplesVote
There we have it. Tories don’t want to talk to Labour because they’re more interested in party than country. Brexit is the behemoth of the Conservative Party. It’s their mess. Leave them to it. Labour should have nothing to do with it.
Cabinet Source: May Could Resign if She Suffers Heavy Brexit Vote Defeat
And here are the four amendments to May's Brexit deal that MPs will debate today - each has a letter so we have explained what they mean here
Why is it that today ( quite an important day), so few MPs are listening to the debate?
They speak to government bodies, who are knees deep in practicalities that can’t be solved. The man on the street isn’t aware of 1% of the mess of Brexit. But, trust me, politicians know this isn’t happening without a Deal (that renders it pointless). Games are being played
Theresa May faces worst government defeat in 95 years in key Brexit vote - Bloomberg
“By voting down the Brexit deal tonight it’s a clear signal the Labour Party does not care about the consequences to the Good Friday Agreement.”
Theresa May says she will respond quickly after key Brexit vote #brexit #BusinessIntelligence
Interesting the Government using Geoffrey Cox ‘with his authority as Attorney General’ to make the case for the Brexit deal. Worth remembering Dominic Grieve held the same job for 4 years and things it’s a terrible idea
Brexit has cost London landlords £1,800 in rental growth | Mortgage Introducer || Brexit has cost London landlords £1,800 in rental growth || Using a conservative projection, rental growth in the capital is now 2.84% lower than expected back in June 2016…
I’d also really like immigrants to enhance this small island too, not least as British racists like this are dragging it down. Why would anyone skilled want to come here knowing how their nationality is really viewed? #Brexit
Given the recent news on the Brexit deal, how confident are you feeling about your businesses future? #business #Brexit
One word: Adriana.
Having thought about it &amp; what I know about the Right Wing - it is all about self interest &amp; the most likely reason for Brexit was Disaster Capitalism &amp; scapegoating the EU was the way to enable Brexit &amp; their goal of a corporate state.
Brexit news latest: May’s Brexit deal dealt fresh blow as Bercow blocks key amendment | Politics | News |
#Brexit Our Delivery Charges To The USA On Glass Cutting Tools Start At Only $7.06 #USA #GlassCutting #GlassArt #BigWorld
Yeah, you'd really prosper if nearly half the country fucked off - halfwit.
A General election will achieve nothing while a Euroskeptic Labour leader who unrealistically thinks he can do better than the Tories in delivering #Brexit. Yes a referendum will be divisive but so will an economic downturn with Remain voters and Leave voters blaming each other
who fancies a brexit debate at the HSC final then?
Yes I bloody well have!
Remain or Leave? A Photographic Journey Through Brexit
Brexit is a right-wing coup Brexit is a right-wing coup Brexit is a right-wing coup Brexit is a right-wing coup Brexit is a right-wing coup Brexit is a right-wing coup Brexit is a right-wing coup #BrexitVote #WithdrawalAgreement
James O'Brien's Unmissable Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote
Please join me in outting yourselves here - I’ve not found a single other person doing this. Which makes me feel like a crazy person, but not crazy enough to make me stop #Brepping
If you would like to hear about issues other than Brexit, if only for a short while, this might fascinate you. On a different subject entirely: #crime #podcasts #prisonreform
West Country Tory MPs are evenly split on Theresa May's Brexit deal.
A snapshot of the political journey to today’s vote In Westminster. #brexit
At parliament to day for #Brexit vote - making clear that ANY deal that does not defend Free Movement of people is a BAD deal for ALL immigrant &amp; black/Asian communities #StopBrexit #YesItsRacist #BrexitIsRacist #BrexitVote
Over-hyped, expensive and unfulfilling. Like brexit.
Delingpole: Britain’s #Brexit Betrayal - Conservatives Are the Walking Dead
Then what Jacob... Go one... Tell the world what come immediately after NoDeal brexit... You won't.. so I will... Straight after a NoDeal with will a... Dum Dum Dum... New deal with the EU. It's inevitable and your disingenuous suggestion otherwise do not help.
Ditch the insanity of Brexit, or unite Ireland, incompetent legislators at Westminster.
For all the scaremongering over a No Deal #Brexit, the EU are willing to reopen negotiations. Why did waste over a month on her deal when it was obvious Parliament would reject it??? #MayMustGo and somebody competent take over negotiations.
I've just bought Cold War Steve Presents... The Festival of... with free worldwide delivery
Oddly reminiscent of how the ACTUAL FUCKING BREXIT went down... Which is exactly the reason you guys need a people's vote.
Usual suspects their Constituents should call for their resignations ...Quicker than Deselection.
Mr Blunt is a founder member of the Brexit tribe. As a group they have often distinguished themselves by doctrinal ferocity, not always accompanied by knowledge. The ‘trading on WTO rules’ mantra is regrettably more of the same.
Well said
Brilliant speech! I was so proud.
Imagine if the Today Program had been like this for the last 2 years.
It is entirely possible as much as half of the #Northern #Brexit vote on the left was to give #Cameron a good kick in the privates!
It was made clear during referendum a vote to leave the EU was a vote to leave Single Market and Customs Union. That is Brexit. Labour and Tory Remainers who currently oppose Brexit stood on pro-Brexit manifestos. They now stand against the principles by which they were elected.
Wow. Admittedly our poll not scientific, but ... if you subdivide Leave into Hard, Soft or Scrambled ... the result polarises dramatically: No Brexit or Hard Brexit. Soft or Scrambled big enough to give No Brexit a majority over No Deal! Broken Br-eggs-it!
The real face of brexit. Geopolitical and economic suicide. Driven by racist tabloids and a population that stopped reading after they "won the war and saved the world"
No to ECJ after Brexit
You would have thought Brexit would have helped EU countries experience some sort of boom but Nein. BBC News - German economic growth slowest for five years
Family 1st everything else last
Some Pos Divg on the 15 Min &amp; 30 Min looks to confirm Buy later this AM. That said other charts still mixed and/or coiled so expecting more chop as we remain in a holding pattern. Note seems like we may not get Brexit news till closer to 3 PM EST.
In the way a roach can survive a nuclear attack...#Brexit #BrexitVote #bbcnews
Cameron, Corbyn, Cummings and Jayda Fransen reflect on Brexit in: "What do you think of the show so far?" #Brexit #Satire
Will the pot noodle shortage be blamed on #brexit ?
I mean how dumb are you? Which parent in their right mind will sent their kid to a Europepean university after the Brexit vote when you don’t even know what it means? And all of he uncertainty. Jeez!
Anyone who considers themselves democratic must distance themselves from any talk of no Brexit or a 2nd referendum. For the sake of TRUE DEMOCRACY there must be a FULL/COMPLETE BREXIT for at least 15 years. The ONLY options are either a temp semi/soft Brexit or a FULL/HARD BREXIT
This interesting. Government ministers have repeatedly claimed that it is investing heavily in nursing training in order to replace nurses no longer coming from EU. Looks like staffing levels are set to fall further, not increase as claimed. #PeoplesVote #Brexit
Hilarious again and so on the money, is a genius #alaw #lufc #spygate #SpygateLeeds
"Although exact timings are yet to be confirmed, [Brexit Deal] voting is expected to start from 7pm and the main vote is expected at 8.30pm." (London) Berlin: 8pm; Cairo 9 pm; New York, 2pm; Los Angeles 11 am; Hawaii 9 am
For the next 48 hours, there's nothing more important than the Brexit vote. Members of Parliament will begin voting on Prime Minister May's withdrawal agreement at 7pm London time on Tuesday.
She is just making things more troublesome so hateful
Brexit and Hillsborough trials. So much for dry January.
Audi, BMW and VAG no doubt have been on the blower
Gammon being aggressive and the pre-EU couple remaining calm and reasonable. About right.
if I send 100 drones to London today can I stop #brexit ?
The "meaningful vote": What is going to happen?
No chance! Public way too savvy. WTO no deal. #BREXIT as we voted or suffer at the ballot box.
James O'Brien's Unmissable Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote
How much will he save in tax because of Brexit?
Cabinet Source: May Could Resign if She Suffers Heavy #Brexit Vote Defeat bad_apps
Parliament debates and votes on May's Brexit deal – watch live via
Dont talk shit. Nothing to do with Brexit. But it's a good excuse for u lot to roll out. As per usual.
Brexit is an issue which will have worldwide impact. Filming with Korean TV, and discussing why I’m standing up for Businesses, against #Brexit!
Northern Ireland prepares for worst-case Brexit scenario -
This tweet deserves more love
Yes. and and #Brexit.
Brexit means that Article 13 won't be binding on Great Britain, which means that Europeans who want a free Internet will be taking free speech trips to the UK. I can't believe that people will be taking vacations just to see an uncensored Internet.
That cited post is so full of....all the bad stuff that I am not sure if this is even real. Please, don't be real.
Expect war on the streets if we don't get Brexit.
In Brexit, there are no heroes.
Dictator May . . . .
IMHO the Leigh 'terminate backstop by end 2021' looks an option. It delays but if a compromise has to be made ...... If passed the EU can accept it, negotiate in good faith and move on or we leave #WTO. One thing, £39Billion, pay in stages not upfront.
deVere CEO says of today's #BrexitVote: “If it is passed, sterling will rally sharply as the prospect of a no deal, and/or months of further uncertainty ends" #Brexit
&lt; I sincerely disagree, but it's a valid opinion: &gt; MPs voting down May’s Brexit deal are the elite revolting against democracy. If the Commons rejects the government’s withdrawal agreement it will be failing the British people.
Even with all the White House woes and Brexit bollocks, this really is pretty awesome.
Abolish Austerity Now not some time after Brexit is sorted out
BLOG: Brexit, first-time buyers and the risk of waiting to purchase - Pad Bamford, AmTrust
"My entire national identity is based on better men than me defeating Hitler and I'd vote for Hitler to preserve their legacy!" These absolute drooling cretins lack the mental capacity to understand complex things like democracy and the sooner everyone tunes them out the better.
Elderly people are responsible for NHS struggling, must be true Owen Jones said so, elderly people are responsible for screwing over youngsters on brexit, must be true every remainer said so. AND WE TELL YOUNGSTERS TO RESPECT THEIR ELDERS, GET A GRIP
This was always possible. But not on the same basis as before. UK did have to remove red lines and take new approach. MPs seize on German minister's suggestion of further Brexit talks
FED UP WITH THE BREXIT DISCUSSIONS ANYWAY. A LOT OF POINTS HAVE BEEN MADE BUT THEY SEEM TO KEEP COMING UP WITH DIFFERENT SCENARIO POSSIBLITIES ALL THE TIME. AM GOING TO CONTINUE WITH HEADPHONES ON LISTENING TO THE PLAYLIST THROUGH THE FOOTBALL SECTION. IF I FALL ASLEEP I DO OR IF
EU nations aren't equal when it comes to planning for a no-deal Brexit. Here are the highlights of what individual governments are doing
Massive day today in UK politics. Going to finish work early just to watch on TV! 2.5 years later, I still have no regrets about the way I voted. Come on Parliament, and stop making such a mess of this! #Brexit
I have started a blog on British politics and beyond. My first post is suitably about Brexit. Hope you enjoy!
Delingpole: Britain’s #Brexit Betrayal - Conservatives Are the Walking Dead
Southern Europe's Double Whammy: - Complacent solidarity with FR,DE, NL, IE over Brexit, about to get smashed in the face, - Will ask for reciprocated solidarity to tackle impact. Hanseatics will tell them "your problem - have some austerity"
is totally out of ideas &amp; honesty. She's hoping to stay in office &amp; do NOTHING whilst remainers try blocking #Brexit. She's their stooge &amp; we'll be better off without her. No vision, no capabilities - selfish is all she is
S. Korea, Britain to hold working-level talks next week following Brexit vote
Brexit vote: When is it and what happens next? Sent via
you literally have the word cunt in your name, Don't tell me how to do math, just let me know how brexit goes
At St Andrew’s House with for Food Sector Resilience Group meeting. serious about no deal #Brexit planning although should never be option. Route to market serious concern for all sectors - time to prepare &amp; clear guidance from UK Gov essential
journalist holding MP to account, shocker
To reject #Brexit withdrawal agreement voted by EU 27 is a blow to EU, also EU have already rejected Corbyn/Lab proposal to remain in "a Custom" without Free Movement. It's for EU now to present a Plan B. Declared voting intentions, AGAINST - 425, FOR - 199 UNKNOWN - 15
But it does though doesn’t it? Not that you know what my dream Brexit is! We’ll be out and then party
The Prime Minister reportedly told her Cabinet that she will ‘push on’ with her Brexit deal no matter how big the defeat is #BrexitVote
James O'Brien's Unmissable Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote - LBC worth 20mins of your time
For all the scaremongering over a No Deal #Brexit, the EU are willing to reopen negotiations. Why did waste over a month on her deal when it was obvious Parliament would reject it??? #MayMustGo and somebody competent take over negotiations.
Has the debate on Brexit actually ever got beyond this? I mean really?
Have you seen Paddy Power's "Brexit Specials"? - Brexit and the Premier League. - No Irish trained horses to run in the English Grand National 2019. - UK and Eurovision. - KFC Special.
wish they would decide what the fuck is happening with brexit cause I’m trying to plan my life ken, need to know if I can leave the country ken
'We never had a hard border' are not terrorists . is not a fraudster . should not be in jail What kind of people vote for these total shits?
First 3 bullets. 1. We already have control. 2. At least half the people don't want Brexit. 3. It is impossible to divide the country any more. Renders the whole page as meaningless.
Looks at the four amendments traitor #Bercow chose. They do nothing at all. He is a stuck up little Napoleon that has got too bigheaded to remain in place. #NoDealNoProblem #BREXIT
Today, a leaked European Commission presentation reveals that promises that an EU-UK trade deal will be ready by the end of the transition period are ‘a commitment to make an effort, not to deliver a result’.
Today is the day....Brexit vote: When is it and what happens next? Sent via
You forgot about a plague of the clap that will happen.... #ProjectFear #Brexit
""""A Better Deal"""
Certainly looks like it. And your country worried about Reds under the bed. Christ, this one's in the Oval Office! Weaken NATO; weaken EU with Brexit; cripple US from within via Trump. Got to hand it to Putin. And we have: on a plate! FFS
This is what real journalism looks like!
Got 12/15. Apparently am Brexit expert and possibly should have been in charge of negotiations according to The Guardian.
oing into 2019, the agency thinks it will retain about 75% of its staff:
Remain or Leave? A Photographic Journey Through Brexit
I like facts with a story, not anybody's 'truth'. However, it's the underlying facts that make a story more interesting. Just like the story told by your story.
Brexit Vote: Parliament to Decide on E.U. Withdrawal Plan
Have we not already had our "will be the final decision - once in a generation choice" vote? "Ultimately it will be the judgement of the British people" We have even passed legislation to respect the referendum vote and triggered article 50.
If there is anything Brexit has been good for so far it is inspiring some absolutely batshit takes from the football community.
All I get on the news on my phone is constantly fucking #Brexit We left. Get over it. Yawn.
So a bad deal in your eyes is something that's not perfect. So allow me to interpret "secure the opportunities that Brexit presents" as breadcrumbs from the table. We need to move on and reduce the HOC occupants to a manageable representative number.
James O'Brien's Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote - In Full:
More than anything their experience &amp; knowledge provides them with the right qualities to make a decision on Brexit. After all they would also be considering the future of their children and grandchildren.
So, how many votes have been counted during this poll at Just percentage numbers are worse than useless… Tell us or show us, please. #brexit #BrexitVote
Zero divided by whatever you like still comes to zero. There is NO BREXIT DIVIDEND. You are only talking about what your share of the losses will be yours and as you voted for it...you &amp; your kind should shoulder the lion’s share of the losses.
Amidst the uncertainty of #Brexit , the certainties re-stated are of deep wounds and bitter divides. We share insights on the underlying #values that can help the vital healing needed: And invite #arts #cultural #museums colleagues join February's event:
There's Brexit... then there's Bordeaux New blog:
Gove getting all "Game of Thrones", is he?
Ex-MI6 chief says Theresa May’s Brexit deal ‘threatens national security,’ hurts US relationship #FoxNews
Theresa may say there's no magic money tree but can find 39 billion for her Brexit deal. #bbcnews #skynews #r4today #POLITICSLIVE #c4news #brexit #brexitvote #brexitdeal #brexit #BrexitDebate #Newsnight #itvnews #PeoplesVote #RevokeA50
I always did blame you (meaning Westminster but you were my MP until October so you as well) but well done for your stance on Brexit.
Trade des Tages: EUR/GBP, Trading vor dem Brexit-Votum #Cable #GBP #EURGBP #Euro #Pfund #Brexit #Forex
The Brexit rot sets in and the economy is under threat and we have a corrupt government making plans for food shortages U.K. wide, Less food to go around means there is nothing to put aside for "Foodbanks" Does that mean we get a voucher for a 3 day...
Faroe Islands ready to sign post Brexit free-trade deal with UK
Soz for the delay in posting, lads. Bin bizzy in da house. Hope dis vote goes thru or am fucked. #PrayForTheresa #Brexit #BrexitVote
With no doubt exactly the same speaches we've heard at every other brexit debate for years now...
I spy the peanut gallery at the top right of the Tory benches. What a group hey. #HouseOfCommons #Brexit #Remainers
You make so much sense...the only reason Brexit has become such a mess is because of these treacherous and I think, corrupt and fraudulent MP remainers....who made false promises to 17.4 m just to get re elected! We all know there is no reason for it...May should be arrested!
The arrogance of OB forcing anti Brexit assumptions based on not what everyone says. Every one with an opinion has a view on what might happen once we Brexit because you oppose brexiteers it doesn’t make you right economic forecasts can be wrong on both sides. You could be wrong
BBCNEWS 6:23am BREXIT DEAL VOTE. We coverage of the vote from 7mm 5% WsWar..4aL I BREXIT DEAL VOTE 7. Live coverage of the vote from...
After Brexit vote: No 10 draws up secret contingency plans
The great British chef shortage: why eating out is under threat
Intelligent Labour MPs who'da thunk.
Off you go then. #erg #fraud #brexit
Such a failure, that it protected the UKs position as 5th largest economy in the world with according to gov't historically low unemployment, how much better does it get? #Brexit #RevokeArticle50 #Remain
Anyone who considers themselves democratic must distance themselves from any talk of no Brexit or a 2nd referendum. For the sake of TRUE DEMOCRACY there must be a FULL/COMPLETE BREXIT for at least 15 years. The ONLY options are either a temp semi/soft Brexit or a FULL/HARD BREXIT
Here is the lying weasel. showing true colours
Also at Parliament away from Brexit there are other issues which mean a lot to people.
Corbyn only survives because of no clarity. If he allowed his real feelings to be known, support for him and the party would plummet.
James O'Brien making Jacob Rees Moog look an idiot makes this Brexit lark all the worthwhile
We may not ALL agree on Brexit. But few of us really want to see things like people being forced to sleep in the street. That is why we need a General Election. #JC4PM2019
Democracy is delivering a no-deal Brexit, as per the referendum.
It's Brexit decision day. What would be the cost to the UK and the EU in the event of a "No Deal"? #BrexitVote #BrexitDeal
MB NEWS: As Alun infiltrates the Press area outside Parliament this afternoon and spies on all the #FakeNews spreaders in the media, I ask "What is that bloody racket being played by remoaners?" #Brexit #MeaningfulVote #MayMustGo
on the subject of chaos, do you have the letter 'S' after your HMRC tax code? Easy ? don't be shy give us an answer.
Someone must have made a brexit vote bingo card.
Really appreciate your support here, Europe! Let’s not let Brexit stand in the way of good health systems research. Join us at our annual conference in July, Manchester UK #HSR #HSRUK19
£40 about the right price for the target audience of groovy dads who moved out of London but kept the flat in Clapton/Peckham to rent out for top dollar and identify as left wing but hate Corbyn because he did Brexit. Acid Centrism in (awful) tshirt form.
IFA president meets UK farm leaders over no-deal Brexit concerns via
Probably the worst interviewer you will ever hear anywhere.
Soutiam Goodazi: For the sake of my generation, Parliament must deliver Brexit
Brexit: Theresa May faces ‘meaningful vote’ on her deal – BBC News via
Corbyn will have to say one day his policy on Brexit, right? I don't know what it is. And I guess that few in the electorate know what it is.
Minister for External Relations says #JerseyCI must continue to prepare itself for a range of scenarios, including a hard #Brexit, a negotiated deal, a referendum or general election #StatesAssembly
U.K. could renegotiate a totally different Brexit deal with E.U. after May’s defeat tonight. Germany confirms the blindingly obvious: May’s existing deal can’t be tinkered with:
An excellent explanation by of how the MPs will actually cast their vote tonight... #BrexitVote #Westminster #MeaningfulVote
Britons See No-Deal Brexit as Most Likely Outcome If May’s Plan Rejected - Poll
James O'Brien's Unmissable Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote - LBC
Remind me, how long was he in charge of Brexit and what did he achieve, absolutely nothing, which is what he wanted. All he and his comrades had to do to get their ideological no deal brexit is to frustrate the process and run clock down regardless of how that effects the public.
Deal fails, May out, Rudd in, Brexit delayed/cancelled. Watch.....
Ok, right. I'm lost, I had just about kept track of this and now...??? We're screwed every which way, I know that, but I'd quite like Brexit to stop, please
Is that because, the government has pent billions already trying to negotiate brexit??What a waste!!
Had a listen to this by . Not sure if I agree with the line that Corbyn was being mischievous in offering to work for a deal over Brexit. I think it was genuine. I'm sure he'd like to move the debate on to other issues.
Don't agree. People have spoken. Kill #Brexit kill #democracy
Steve Parish is a good man. Come on the Eagles!
"A defeat somewhere between big and gigantic" about his expectations regarding the #Brexitvote (in German)
Whatever happens today, would appear to have knocked ’s claim to have been the worst PM in living history into a cocked hat. So that’s something to be proud of. #brexit #omnishambles
Because Brexit isn't a Russian stoog, or is it? :/
#BBC by giving Brexiteers air time to say "no deal" just reverts us to WTO rules is misleading at best, I would say reckless. Leaving the EU involves so much more than trade. Crashing out will impact all our lives beyond paying more for food and goods from the EU. #Brexit #FBPE
Big Sam, Warnock, Pulis, the ‘put it in the mixer’ Brexit long dreamed of.
Following the FAILED Brexit vote today, hope u will FINALLY SERIOUSLY CONSIDER letting the British ppl WEIGH IN on a FINAL Brexit deal w/ a NEW REFERENDUM--one that will NOT B TTLY TAINTED by RUSN INTERFERENCE! #Resist
Gotta love Betty Boothroyd.... The country might be in a slightly better place at the moment if she was still speaker...
Stand strong . Power #PeoplesVote !
Nigel Evans (Con): *We promised to deliver on the verdict of the referendum* This is the alpha &amp; omega of the case for Brexit. It is bad for UK, dangerous for geopolitics, bad for democracy, but they promised. Even if it is not the product sold Even if it is mired in illegality
Are you saying if you support Brexit, you are far right?
DWP accused of sneaking out hit to retired couples during Brexit row via
With all this #GeneralElection talk I'm more concerned about Brenda from Bristol rather than Theresa May. I don't think she could handle it. #Brexit #BrexitVote #brexitdeal #brendafrombristol
TRAITOR. Another undemocratic MP that should be removed from office at the next GE. Leave means leave. Leave won by a huge margin! #LeaveMeansLeave #StandUp4Brexit #Brexit
One of our more responsible MPs!
When all hope is fading at least we have satire to fall back on!
Will be in London for next couple of days. Should be interesting
Because he needs to do what Theresa the weasle May couldn't do. Nogotiiate a good deal for our country.
Rant of the day...Brexit. Seems blindingly obvious, but shouldn’t we say to the EU that the payment of £39bn is contingent on a good trade deal and the NI issue being sorted to our satisfaction? #BrexitDeal
In all fairness to Jeremy he’s totally focused on getting a general election. Only after that will he contemplate his cluelessness on Brexit.
Thought you'd enjoy this
What dickheads.
A beautiful package on Brexit, put together by and , shot by Andrew Testa —
#sp500 #stockmarket #daytrading Brexit Chaos and Draghi Speech Potentially to Eclipse Earnings Headlines today
To follow all the latest developments as they happen today, read our Brexit update livebloggy thing here
BBC News - Theresa May facing crunch vote on her Brexit deal
Answer: eh..eh..eyes glaze over.
Anybody want to try? I’ll warn you now she’s bigoted and very very nasty.
WATCH LIVE Final Brexit debate ahead of crucial vote — RT UK News
BritNats are a hoot.
Daily Market News: Brexit Vote Day and Ethereum upgrade
If the House of Commons agrees to an amended withdrawal agreement doesn't that amount to a rejection, leaving only a no-deal Brexit or revocation of Article 50 possible? #BrexitVote
The debate over a second Brexit referendum: Why a second referendum is sensible via
For example, even our EU tobacco warnings will have to change in the event of a no deal . #EU #BrexitVote #Brexit
I'd wager just about everyone is tired of hearing about it. However, this is just the beginning. All this arguing is over what happens in the next 2 years. There's everything beyond that still to be determined. It's going to mean decades of this. This is Brexit.
All this talk of Brexit. Makes me think people have forgotten #GameOfThrones starts again in April.
Nigel if the Government try to back out of Brexit and a General Election is called would you join Anne Marie Walters and the to push for Brexit and control of our own Country! #ihopeso #BrexitBetrayal
Trump is doing less damage than May. Once trump is out. The US will recover. Can’t say that for May and her brexit deal. Damage is across generations. Rory Stewart is supporting a deal that kills jobs, jacks up prices and could break up the union. What motive would he have?
RHI, Dark Money, Red Sky..... the list goes on. All largely uncovered or endorsed by the Brexit supporting Murdoch media.
Don’t pussyfoot around! Take Brexit off the table! #RevokeA50
I don't think history will ask 'did we deliver Brexit?': History, presumably, will know the answer and not need to. Unless society really does fall into a new dark age so bestial that it is incapable of documenting its own collapse. I suppose it might crop up then.
surprising results from the Insider survey on #Brexit - Kate reveals all ...
James O'Brien's Unmissable Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote
Theresa May facing crunch vote on her Brexit deal
Lucky to be represented by the principled . Hoping others act in the wider national interests too
And yet the person sat to his right, nodding along, refuses pass amendments ruling out a “no deal” Brexit. #shambles
At least there will be the certainty that things will change, and no change is no longer an option. Strange step to feel good about..
May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?
- TO GO TO &amp; become our PM in these vital times until twots find a decent leader of their party !!! #NoDealNoProblem
I heard an interview yesterday with UK East Coast Fishermen. They don't care what it takes to leave the EU, deal or no deal, they want #Brexit no matter what impact it has on other industries. They remind me of the Coal Miners for Trump in the US.
#BREXIT .. just had a look at scene outside Parliament. Basically very good natured. Very British. Strong views &amp; arguments going on. Lots of #BollockstoBrexit stickers on middle aged middle class women’s smart coats. #Bercow would approve. #LeaveMeansLeave #BelieveinBritain
This made me giddy, show this to yer da who thinks Rees-Mogg is future PM material
It’s an elective procedure, not an emergency, therefore it’s like delaying any day case procedure like a carpal tunnel release. If it were an emergency, she will not be able to delay it. Yet this is another cry for media attention #brexit
is magnificent in this exchange with the pompous prig that is JRM
Hello, is that Cineworld. Yeah. Your biggest screen. iMax? Sure. Just make sure it has perfect projection.
Anyone who considers themselves democratic must distance themselves from any talk of no Brexit or a 2nd referendum. For the sake of TRUE DEMOCRACY there must be a FULL/COMPLETE BREXIT for at least 15 years. The ONLY options are either a temp semi/soft Brexit or a FULL/HARD BREXIT
Me: nothing Boreham Wood admin: BREXIT MEANS BREXIT!!!
The United Kingdom is very close to a black hole's event horizon. Remember nothing escapes the gravitational pull of a black hole. #brexitshambles #peoplesvote #Brexit #BrexitVote #newsnight
There are so many important things we could be getting on with instead of Brexit. In two years no one has come up with one single practical benefit, there is literally nothing good we could do for the country that we cannot do from within the EU. Top of list -social housing
Everything you need to know about Theresa May's Brexit Withdrawal Agreement
This is the attitude Labour need to be careful with. Many hate the tories, but hate Brexit more. Labour are playing with fire if they think people won’t vote an alternative party in protest.
#Brexit Starvation in a Besieged City - Machiavelli
Big night ahead...Proposed Brexit deal vote. Must be voted down, it’s not Leaving. Giving in to the EU..
Brexiteers are acting like remain did pre referendum - multi message. You’ve been outmanoeuvred by a weak PM and a gutless ex FS who bottled a leadership election. The ‘magnificent 7’ allowed Brexit negotiations to founder only to sing like canaries at the final hour!!!
Brexit will be cancelled. The meltdown is going to be so funny to watch. Maybe you will piss yourself ?
Sick to death of hearing about a general election. No one wants a fucking general election. #Brexit
UK’s May to persist with current Brexit deal regardless of defeat: Sun
Brexit isn't happening in the US but here we are.
1/7 "All because you're winners" - a short thread on today's anti- and pro-Brexit demos outside the Houses of Parliament
Business ‘simply could not cope’ with no-deal Brexit
This is rich from Gove, coming from a pro Brexiteer who lied about immigration and funding the NHS. You started the damage.
Some fat-bellied man walked into the steam room today at the gym and started talking bout brexit with another fat man. A traditionally relaxing place turned into an awkward environment where I felt tense, hot, and close to a torturous death.
Tusk said after ref result: “We miss you already.” He meant that Europeans would miss UK as a member state. 2&amp;1/2 years later, what they miss even more is something they had always taken for granted: British common sense.
Just think, in years to come the kid can entertain friends and colleagues with the story of how it would be my birthday today, but my mum was busy rescuing the country from Brexit.
The backstop is a red herring and always has been . They need to understand the whole agreement and what it means insofar as keeping us chained to the EUSSR.
Brexit, Steve King, Carol Channing: Your Tuesday Briefing - The New York Times
The British people should get the final say on the Brexit deal, with the option to remain in the EU. Agree? Add your name:
Theresa May faces worst government defeat in 95 years in key Brexit vote - Bloomberg
Delete your #facebook account
This exchange between and is eye-watering. Jacob Rees Hedgefund needs to take his cravat and tophat and disappear...
So you think it’s best to vote for a fake Brexit or we risk not getting any form of Brexit... I have news for you. The so called deal is no form of Brexit anyway.
Brexit Vote: Parliament to Decide on E.U. Withdrawal Plan
looks like 7pm UK time, but could go on awhile
superb
"Parliament to vote on Brexit today - possible outcomes" The way it's going it'll probably be a "Zombie horrorcaust"
Dear #Brexit'ers ... That time when we said "How stupid can you get ??" You know that wasn't a challenge, right ?
She should go.
Brexit EARTHQUAKE: Belgian MEP rejects backstop deadline – ‘Belfast in EU PERMANENTLY!’
Can’t help but wonder what the results of this vote will bring for the world and business
Parliament : the English version of #German newspaper says Mrs Merkel has not offered any concessions in the event the #Brexit vote fails today. Gloria
NO CHANCE: BREXIT BOMBSHELL: MP's ‘Sunset’ amendment could SAVE deal as EU hints at MAJOR climbdown
James O’Brien at his best,Rude,interruptive,biased,argumentative ignorant.Congratulations LBC you’ve got a good one there.
New poll finds 60% of the public backs People’s Vote
People protesting outside of House of parliament either for #Brexit or #Remain is a truly #European custom, especially in the south. However a UKIP flag next to an EU flag is a purely #British tradition.
And that's her career over disabled or not.
Absolute classic Creasy, twice now she has mentioned it's midnight, who actually cares what time it is you overly virtuous clown
'So-called Brexit survival kits costing almost £300' and represents either the most cynical of marketing gimmicks, or the bleakest of predictions. The packs include enough freeze-dried food to last 30 days, a water filter and fire starting gel.
Can't get enough of the shenanigans and politicking? Want to know how we got here and where we might go next? Pop by and pick up some books about Brexit and get one up on all the pub bores. #BrexitVote
Today's #Brexit in a nutshell: People making the same endless and unpleasant din whilst being completely out of time with each other. #BrexitVote #PeoplesVote
describes how accreditation is vital to enable global trade and the impact of #Brexit on members #gambicaconference19
Looking for a reason for the 2016 anomalies of #brexit &amp; #Trump :)
#BRexitKids #BRexit #UK Pray for all tortured souls, Immaculate Mother and let there be peace on earth. Amen
BREAKING: Cannot believe it
No deal shouldn't even be considered. When 48% of the country voted in favour of remaining, there isn't the mandate for any form of hard Brexit, never mind leaving the EU with no deal.
JRM Owned!!
EDITORIAL: Brexit a clear example of danger of direct democracy via
Britain’s May says she will respond quickly after key Brexit vote
Any Brummies wanna talk #Brexit tonight on BBCWM??? #birmingham #media #nodeal #TheresaMay
BREXIT NEWS: ’Sunset’ amendment ‘gaining traction’ as EU hints at MAJOR climbdown | Politics | News |
Obscure pro-Brexit group spends tens of thousands on Facebook ads
Just re-upping Mr. Scheer’s catastrophically bad judgement.
Absolutely right, but our ability to address these issues will be so much reduced if Brexit isn't stopped.
Brexit vote: Lawmakers expected to reject Theresa May's EU exit plan Lawmakers are expected to reject Prime Minister Theresa May's plan to take the nation out of the European Union. What happens next is anyone's guess.
check this out it’s hilarious
That must explain it, proximity to a hub of Brexit fervour. Who will be next? Kwik Fit?
10/15. I wonder how the Leavers would do....?
Plus the opportunity cost in 16 - 19 years discussions or lack of them!? Plus the wasted millions for no deal contingency = waste upon waste upon waste #scandal
For all the scaremongering over a No Deal #Brexit, the EU are willing to reopen negotiations. Why did waste over a month on her deal when it was obvious Parliament would reject it??? #MayMustGo and somebody competent take over negotiations.
Well said.. Brexit can do one
And all this crappy nonsense about Brexit distracting us from these critical issues - we need to be able to collaborate closely to do something about this!!!
UK fishing industry told to prepare for no-deal Brexit
But how can you be a Remainer and want JC as PM? He has said so many times he will try and negotiate a ‘better’ Brexit (which is the stuff of fantasy)
5 things financial executives need to read today: May faces #Brexit defeat and how these 4 CEOs changed #leadership forever.
BBCNEWS 6:23am BREXIT DEAL VOTE. The backstop is a contingency plan to avoid hard Irish horde
Funny how, I'm told, he told the kids at my children's school he didn't vote for Brexit. So many versions of subjective truth in these people's heads.
Anyone heard any word yet on the cataclysmic decision? Noooooooo! Not Brexit Jamie's court appeal?
Listened to this live earlier. Some sad, I'll informed idiots, voted for this moron.
Hilarious watching the BBC marveling over a couple of hundred pro EU Supporters in parliament Square... They should visit freedom square in Glasgow during a pro independence / pro EU rally some time. #BrexitVote #brexit #IndyRef2
Eurogroup chief sees room for more talks to avoid hard Brexit
I am sure lots of people around the world following the #Brexit proceedings in the House of Commons today will ask themselves one big questions: Where is Basildon and Billericay and how cool is it to elect an MP called Baron there?
Theresa May’s Brexit Deal Hangs in Balance Ahead of Crucial Vote
For some reason, their amendment was not selected for a vote this evening.
After two-and-a-half years of ducking, dodging and weaving, the British government is finally facing its day of #Brexit reckoning. Tuesday’s #CommonsVote could have considerable, far-reaching consequences. Our correspondent reports:
GBP/USD Technical Analysis: Cable en route to 1.2800 figure as Brexit chaos unfolds #GBPUSD #Technical Analysis
UK PM Theresa May is in on the edge of her seat over today's Brexit vote #SkimmLife via
being “strong &amp; resolute” over Brexit might be ok if you had reasonable certainty &amp; expertise. Acting possessed &amp; rigid in this opinion after two years is deceitful to citizens. Brexit exposed as pointless, very damaging, illegal &amp; manipulated, abusing millions
Suspect they maxed out in 2014 - the polls haven't changed and people are fed up with constitutional wranglings of right wing tories and the SNP Hopefully we can kill off BREXIT as well and then all these misguided nationalist adventures can be consigned to history #nomoreborders
MPs after taking 'another look' at Theresa May's Brexit deal: #BrexitVote
With us not working for the club we can't exactly know what Rebbe does, from what we know he is in charge of player recruitment, the board clearly haven't backed him with his first choice signings. Big Sam wouldn't stand for that. Proper Brexit manager who can negotiate.
UK lawmakers expected to reject May Brexit deal
No Brexit at all is not worse than a No Deal Brexit.
Great to watch James and see that brexit twat squirming.
Nothing to see here... Just a rational brexiteer saying he'd happily see a bit of genocide if it meant getting Brexit.
Since WW2: "The largest defeat for any PM… Westminster has under-priced the seriousness of what is about to happen: Two or three weeks of absolute turmoil” journalist ahead of Tuesday #Brexit vote #politicslive #BrexitVote:
What someone wants &amp; what someone gets is a different thing. Brexit is a typical example of that.
Brexit EARTHQUAKE: Belgian MEP rejects backstop deadline - 'Belfast in EU PERMANENTLY!'
i prefer that idea. No Brexit at all! whoo hoo!
The #WengerOut project was always a lot like the #Brexit project. Both are imploding at the same time.
#ProjectStrawMan isn't convincing anybody.
Can’t say I thought this opinion was newsworthy when I said it, but yahoo news apparently does
What’s next for Brexit &amp; Britain if UK parliament votes ‘no’ on Theresa May’s deal?
"Brexit facilitates my white supremacism so I'm all for it, along with Neil Warnock".
“I would vote for Hitler now if he told me I’d get Brexit”. Say no more
This could become a trend. There are many Tory MPs worse than I bet ‘s association would pay her LibDim membership for her! #Brexit #10Weeks2Go #NoDealNoProblem
Outside the #British Parliament there are dozens of people waving the flags of a mostly foreign (27/28ths - 96.45%) power demanding the Parliament ignore a law it passed to overrule 52% of the #Brexit voters in order to hand over power (rule) over #Britain to that foreign power.
Bollox! The promises made in 2014 never kept. The lies have been found out. Vote NO to remain in the EU? Pensions will be safe? Today is a landmark for both. Pensions being taken away replaced by UC announced today, on brexit vote day. Yeh, Better Together?
cant believ ee Brexit is hosting the oscars
Guess how much is being hidden now by the Maybot.
This is the type of person that voted in favour of Brexit. So disrespectful to all the MILLIONS of Jewish people murdered in the holocaust. Shame on you!!!!
China hopes boost stocks, pound near two-month top before Brexit vote
This is a must NOT watch... James O'Brien is obnoxious, doesn't listen and interrupts...
Spider-Man stops Brexit
Stubborn as well as deluded
Post-Brexit Ownership Rules Could Put British Airways Owner Under New Scrutiny:
Across France, demonstrators met with police violence for 9th weekend in a row. See link Little coverage in UK as would boost LEAVE. UK media focussed on scaring voters away from Brexit. If this were Putin, not Macron, we'd have wall-to-wall coverage.
Brexit news: Belgian MEP rejects backstop deadline - 'Belfast in EU PERMANENTLY!' | UK | News |
Agreed. Shes like a wind up toy..'Cliff edge..cliff edge..cliff edge'. Loved it when she had to wind her neck in and tried to say...i don't mean i think Brexiteers r thick. Yes u do. And no we r not. Brexit No Deal-perfect sense. And PS Reid.. We DO love Trump. Get used to it!
Five questions on tonight’s Brexit vote
There were loads of misconceptions in the run up to the original referendum as well.
Really difficult to pursue social democratic path in the event of Brexit. We will be pushed into lowering corporate tax, reducing regulations on big business etc because business has globalised. The EU is about recognising that and attempting to regulate at an international level
It is a time for compromise...
With just over two months to go until the scheduled #Brexit date of March 29, a bitterly divided Britain is in limbo and the world is on tenterhooks about what will happen next. #WorldNews
Just imagine being such an indelibly naive and imbecilic cunt that you would ever find yourself siding with the supernaturally awful Jacob Rees-Mogg. This guy would re-open the workhouses tomorrow if he could.
If we had wanted a deal that kept us tied to the EU we would have accepted the abomination that Cameron brought back... Why is it that MP's cannot understand the mind of those who do not have the privilage(s) they have... Privilages mostly afforded them by themselves..
Haha, you've gone Brexit.
Olly Robbins has been working on secret contingency plans for six different options if she loses tonight
Disappointing not to see signing this - but it may be that London didn't call... Would he have, if they had?
Making a statement
Waiting in front of the House of Parliament for vote on Brexit deal
"Theresa May, in the Brexit challenge your Withdrawal Agreement caused... some divisions. And on the runway, your "Brexit means Brexit" executive realness look put the 'stop' in 'backstop'. I'm sorry my dear but you are up for elimination."
It’s like Y2K all over again! The DOOMSDAY Brexit Preppers! British families stockpile food #BrexitVote
Stupid analogy. “Winter” in Game Of Thrones is effectively an invasion by a foreign entity. #Brexit is a choice. More akin to Lannister rule where rulers insisted on total power and refused to cooperate or honour alliances. Yes the #tories are very lannister.
Spencer FC big Brexit king, non of the Poles thank you
Daily Market News: Brexit Vote Day and Ethereum upgrade #forex #fx #trading
EU said there is no further discussions to be had. Germany says the EU will be ready to talk. Clearly shows where the real power lies. #standup4brexit #ditchthedeal Germany says EU ready to talk if UK rejects Brexit deal | Article [AMP] | Reuters
British PM faces defeat in historic Brexit deal vote -
It is because the losing side is still leading the way... Slavery under the EU is preferred to a clean, 'No Deal' Brexit under which they have no special stipulations that protect them (May, Remainers).
Labour MP gets absolutely castigated after declaring he will vote FOR Theresa May’s Brexit deal via
WTO? WTF!
The Economy wasn't the number one concern in brexit voting traditional labour areas disproportionately affected by uncontrolled unskilled immigration. That's why this labour government along with the racist Abbott will be assigned to the dustbin of history at the next ellection.
Remember this? MP for Salisbury. Apparently not, as you've stuck 2 fingers up to a large proportion of your constituants.
#brexit A proper MP! Respectful but still getting his point over with dignity. How refreshing. A remainer but voting for the deal,which respects the referendum! For the good of the country so that we can all move on!
New article (What’s next for Brexit &amp; Britain if UK parliament votes ‘no’ on Theresa May’s deal?) has been published on The Daily Digest - #WalkAway
Certainly would be a sensible conclusion after years of Brexit bullshit and economic damage:
‘A no-deal Brexit could destroy London’s thriving economy – it needs to be ruled it out now’
Government ‘sneaks out’ £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote
Blog
I rather think you
Not terribly scientific but.. ...well, I'm great fan of the "wisdom of crowds" Be interesting to see if this prediction plays out
so youre voting for a no deal brexit.
Nose deep in Brexit implications
some said that. Farage &amp; Owen Patterson advanced Norway which I could live with. There are at least 4 versions of Brexit.
Big day today for both London and Washington. House of Commons will vote on government’s #Brexit plan and US Senate Judiciary Comm. will hold hearing for William Barr, who was nominated by for attorney general.
Hi - what’s your stance on Brexit please?
EU was seen as the future. The bench-mark of regionalism that in the long run was meant to substitute less effective multilateralism but Brexit has added a different paradigm to regionalism. Let us see how it unfolds !!!!!!!!!!
Normal tweet. Nothing to see here.
Michael Gove quotes Game of Thrones to defend Brexit. Donald Trump quotes Game of Thrones to defend his wall. Game of Thrones is a fantasy series, largely filmed in the UK thanks to the EU's European Regional Development Fund, which shows the ineffectiveness of massive walls.
Five questions on tonight’s Brexit vote
Brexit news: Germany urges EU to find a 'better solution' amid threat to May's deal | UK | News |
Remain or Leave? A Photographic Journey Through Brexit
Anyone who considers themselves democratic must distance themselves from any talk of no Brexit or a 2nd referendum. For the sake of TRUE DEMOCRACY there must be a FULL/COMPLETE BREXIT for at least 15 years. The ONLY options are either a temp semi/soft Brexit or a FULL/HARD BREXIT
Once again we are blinded by the surgical precision of #SNPGain and his breathtaking depth of knowledge on all matters #BREXIT. Sadly, his surgical instrument is as sharp as a pillow and his depth of knowledge would fit on the back of a postage stamp. #DissolveTheUnion
Please vote &amp; RT.
How can David Lammy say with a straight face and a clear voice “Wilberforce freed the slaves”? Brexit education is a thing now too?
The main reason for voting brexit was regaining uk sovereignty, it's quite simple WE WANT TO GOVERN AND MAKE OUR OWN LAWS in the uk. Not be told by the unelected in a foreign country.
U.K. to Trigger Brexit March 29, Starting Two Years of Talks
Not a fan of J.R.Mogg but I thought that J.O'Brian was rude and I'm surprised he gets people on his show.I am always amazed as to why these presenters are not politicians.?
Jan 15 - Market Talk Roundup: Latest on Trump, U.S. Politics The U.K. parliament voting against PM Theresa May's Brexit deal this evening "is priced into sterling and gilts to the extent that the government does not lose by more than around 100 votes,,,
Get ready everyone #Brexit
Baby. But inspired by Brexit shenanigans too.
minford It is perfectly true that if you remove protection of the sort that has been given particularly to the car industry and other manufacturing industries inside the protective wall, you will have a change in the situation facing that industry, 1/2
It’s no wonder Brexiteers won’t debate . They just waffle and he presses them for facts. He is the modern day Paxman. Only much, much better.
And if the Govt were confident that the people would see it as enacting something that was good for the country then why resist a People's Vote? If more now realize that Brexit is hopeless then surely it should be abandoned.
UK financial assets and the pound will rally if Theresa May’s #Brexit deal is passed today, affirms Nigel Green, deVere Group’s CEO #BrexitVote
You don't get both, either the payout or the backstop, just this tweak will have the #brexit deal thru ....
#BREXIT £39 billion? Divorce £ is calc`d as assets – liabilities Unless it`s the EU where assets aren`t included &amp; they play think of a number Pay them #SweetFA #LetsGoWTO
Ahead of tonight's vote a reminder of my interview with Arlene Foster in 2016 and her unequivocal views on #Brexit
Well you'd hope so
I scored 12/15 in MB Brexit vote Apparently this makes me an expert, therefore nobody should take a ha'porth of notice of me.
No! A #PeoplesVote is not a referendum on #Brexit look it up! People's Vote is a campaign group calling for a public vote on the *final Brexit deal* between the UK &amp; the EU &amp; if we have one of those we run the risk of Leave winning by an even larger majority! #ToryBrexitShambles
It’s very simple really, a weaker #pound is a signal of lower future potential #growth in the #UK; #brexit is just the latest episode in this process... #brexitshambles
Compulsory voting in all Australian elections and referendums. Don't you think there would have been a different result if Brexit vote had been compulsory?
The shame of it, to give a voice to this knuckle dragging moron on live TV. Brexit really did open the door for thick people that would usually have been ridiculed and ignored.
I also regret the fact that the US media is hopelessly biased and is not presenting an accurate view of why millions of people— of all incomes, ages, demographics— voted for Brexit. ...that result was in the making for 30 years, and has nothing to do with Pres Trump
UK in Brexit Turmoil as Calls for a New Referendum Grow
Mind BREXIT decision!
The news is way more interesting when you read the headlines quickly. Even I could support a Brexit backstop twerk.
this.
Steve Parish is a good man. Come on the Eagles!
Unbelievable scaremongering on the radio regarding brexit.. A few weeks ago they wanted no deal. Now its become apparent ppl want brexit.. Tory bastards have totally changed tack and scaring ppl to vote for no deal??!!
Well done Rehman
Can spiderman save us from Brexit? #SpiderManFarFromHome
Brexit: MPs to vote on 'right to terminate' Irish backstop after speaker selects amendments to tonight's vote on May's deal
If you think of as ‘Die Hard’ then #theresamay is basically this guy.
JRM- what a complete lightweight
Regardless of Brexit, one thing has become very clear. There seems to be a much better class of MP backing Britain than those sucking up to Junker hoping to get a bucket of cash. When May goes there are still good people to choose from. Unfortunately, most Tory MP's are bile.
This is what Therese May, the UK's prime minister, said almost exactly two years ago. #Brexit
We've got less than 24 hours left to stop Theresa May's bad Brexit deal. If we work together we can end this mess and get a People's Vote. Sign up at
By continuing full steam ahead with tonight's doomed #BrexitVote, Theresa May can only hope to force the hand of her wavering MPs, and those on the Labour benches, in a subsequent vote. The question is not whether she loses the vote, but by how much.
How basic does the bookkeeping need to be? *applies for job and runs away from Brexit*
For how much? Maybe probably to China. UK want to leave EU, Africa should use the opportunity to accept #Brexit in AU
Brexit BETRAYAL: How John Major 'hid facts to tie UK to EU' before 2016 referendum
Hear hear.
Opening speeches in today's debate - only hours to go before the meaningful vote on the Government's proposed Brexit deal. #rdguk
He asked me to be specific so I wrote him an essay (it was like an exam answer) comparing trade now with trade with a VAT border....he forwarded it to the brexit secretary - I don't think he understood it
But all deals would be worse than the status quo so any Brexit deal is a bad deal unless your sense of jingoism compensates for living in a poorer nation that is.
After Brexit vote: No 10 draws up secret contingency plans. "If we don’t win the vote tonight, we would have to make some decisions pretty quickly". No shit Sherlock!
Proves that May had no intention for this deal to be anything but a bad deal, concocted to stop a real brexit.
Labour govt is almost as split as tories on Brexit.
Attorney General Geoffrey Cox blasts MPs for gambling with 'people's lives' in Brexit clashes
How do you think brexit happened?
This is the crux of it...
I agree with sometimes the best trades are no trades have a plan and wait for the trade to come to you
Cabinet meeting to discuss plans in event of no deal Brexit
The #WengerOut project was always a lot like the #Brexit project. Both fairytales are imploding at the same time.
BoJo and co. left it to a remainer to handle Brexit talks and then cry wolf when it all goes Pete Tong.
Brexit EARTHQUAKE: Belgian MEP rejects backstop deadline - 'Belfast in EU PERMANENTLY!' - - LIKE &amp; RETWEET
This makes no sense. The EU made it clear from June 2016 that the future relationship can only be agreed AFTER Brexit. 's was a good objection to triggering art 50 in the first place as this problem inevitably arose once we did. But he voted for it.
How is it undemocratic to let people change their mind? And brexit isn’t black and white, however the referendum was. People didn’t know what brexit they were voting for (look how split the conservatives are)
Attorney General Geoffrey Cox blasts MPs for gambling with 'people's lives' in Brexit clashes #SM
Dear Agent Grimes, thankyou for your help on the latest mission. Err, can you take a break and lie low somewhere while we plan the rest of the mission. I know we should have done it before but it was tiring. We promise to come back for you! Lots love Super secret Agents of Brexit
This is only the end of the beginning of our Brexit civil war | Polly Toynbee
No Spring is on the way! #generalelectionnow #GTTO
Brexit EARTHQUAKE: Belgian MEP rejects backstop deadline - &amp;#039;Belfast in EU PERMANENTLY!&amp;#039;, #news #rt ,
Brussels boasts that Brexit deal will tie UK to EU rules for years
Here is the Irish Times from 3 days ago shedding more light on the German Industry &amp; their stance on Brexit
I voted remain but how does remaining in the E.U. help the 14 Million and probably many more living in poverty ?
The leave campaign could promise the moon knowing that they couldn't be held accountable. They were not in power and were not even a party. The vote was blind with no terms ie a no deal brexit. Do you think people were aware of that when they voted?
Concur on the latter part but the importance of Brexit is a matter of personal opinion. I suspect the majority of the country are focussing on Brexit over and above all else right now.
What time is the Brexit vote
I love J O'Brian but thats beside the point, the point is can you believe some #tory MPs actually want this git as a future #PrimeMinister ? God help the post #brexit #Britain with this guy at the helm....
And using Mr Trump’s name as a shield to any criticism does you no favours. Look at some of the lurid headlines in the press - Scottish and U.K. - whether on Brexit or independence and perhaps reflect on why so many people have lost faith in the mainstream.
#TrumpShutdown could be one of world's worst examples of self-inflicted economic harm - Brexit being the other.
Any change, of any sort will disrupt somebody. So do we want no change ever, certainly not. The Brexit disruption will be directly linked to the opposition efforts to cause that disruption. If we had moved quickly and decisively there would have been much less!
if they hold #SecondReferendum and reject the perfectly legit first #BrexitVote it would unequivocally expose that democracy is a FARCE! YOU HAD A CHANCE THE FIRST TIME AND YOU EITHER: VOTED (BREXIT OR REMAIN) YOU WERE COMPLACENT AND NOW YOU'RE MOANING LIKE A TIT #LEAVE
Northern Ireland prepares for worst-case Brexit scenario
Brexit news: Brexiteer MP BLASTS EU backstop assurances - 'UK RANSOM!' | UK | News |
#Brexit Earthquake aka #BrexitQuake
your Tweet was quoted in an article by
Adding and , #bbcnews #GeneralElections2019 #MayOutNow #JeremyVine #Brexit #Brexitdeal #bbcqt #BBCPolitics #BoycottTheGuardian #BDS #FBPE #TheresaMay #JKRowling #skypapers
Cabinet Source: May Could Resign if She Suffers Heavy Brexit Vote Defeat
That voice gives us all a MIGRAINE it does, it does, it does, it does, #BrexitVote #Brexit #LeaveMeansLeave
Japan's Norinchukin bank to open Amsterdam unit, due to Brexit - #Amsterdam #News
NEW PAPER on State aid post-Brexit (with Vincent Verouden)
. There's still time to change your mind today. There's no shame in it, unike the shame millions of us feel when we hear stuff like this. This is what your #Brexit emboldens. #The5Million #FinalSayForAll
PPS I also acknowledge that many leavers still believe in Brexit for sincere ideological reasons, and that's obviously fine. My analysis doesn't apply to these people, but I'm sure they're in a minority.
Crystal Palace Chairman: Brexit is a win-win for football
It. Does. Not.
Great plan. Has anyone done a #riskassessment on this?
EU confirms no UK MEPs means default Brexit 2 July latest. New ref ruled out by timescale
#DominicGrieve, holding court with his gaggle/harem of swooners (believers), on the backbenches at present. All have their heads in laps, tap-tapping on their devices...plotting and scheming, no doubt. #Weasels #WithdrawalAgreement #Brexit
You may remember a conversation we had moons ago about end of the world and zombies and how I'd locate a Lords Hire for a chainsaw or three. I think I may just reword the plan for Brexit :p #myloaf
CNN 6:25am STOCKS TO RISE AT OPEN; INVESTORS TO WATCH KEY BREXIT VOTE
I'm getting a LOT of foreign news requests re Brexit stockpiling from journalists in Italy, France, Denmark, etc. Please do see this article I wrote on it and feel free to quote and link. Also written a book on cooking with tins: &amp;
Am I alone in finding the 2 million brexit votes confusing?!
A well-timed warning from history. #Brexit
In Review: Kevin Canfield on Sarah Moss's The Ghost Wall. “Moss has written a feminist parable for an era in which an American president promises to build a wall &amp; Brexit-supporting Brits are erecting barriers between their country &amp; the rest of Europe."
Assuming May's deal fails tonight, the process to stay in the EU will get underway. That will require new legislation to either stop Brexit or at least extend article 50
#BrexitVote on a Brexit lead by a bunch of hypocrites
You don't believe in democracy. You believe in Brexit. Cultists shouldn't be shaping the political landscape.
Because could be a vital and deciding factor between a hard and soft brexit. I. Am. Not. Sorry.
Just goes to show you the difference between a private education and a good private education
We've been decieved from the beginning about the Common Market with Ted Heath then John Major with Maastricht that turned it into the EU ! Now May's half in half out World Trade killer &amp; costing the uk billions in the bargain ! No Deal will free the UK
Choosing ‘Brexit’ Could Leave the Kingdom Less United
Minford.....you are going to have to run it down. It will be in your interests to do it, just as in the same way we ran down the coal and steel industries. 2/2. q140
Parliament likely to vote on May's Brexit plan around 2000 GMT: -
Brexit BETRAYAL: John Major 'hid facts to tie UK to EU' before 2016 referendum | UK | News |
All good, life goes on #Brexit
It wasn’t long ago an opinion on Brexit from someone within football was a rareity. Now they’re all in on it! Nonetheless little else has changed regarding what we know about #brexit since September when I released this blog.
Germany must help Europe's response to Brexit 'warning' - Finance Minister: -
I was in my element listening earlier, JRM handed is arse on a plate, listen, it's briliant
10 on Article 50 extension ... What do you think Kai ?? &gt;&gt;&gt; #Brexit
An admission there's no real concessions she can get out of EU after all. This is it.. she'll try &amp; bully mps into it instead of just calling an election, admitting Tories lied &amp; could never deliver their fantasy Brexitopia lie #ToriesOut #JC4PM
Only those who want to maintain the chaos of this minority #Tory government don't want a #GeneralElectionNow #Brexit #BrexitVote
Whether it’s the manager of (“to hell with the world”) or the bloke in Stoke who hates the French, there’s a core of venal, petty, bigoted ignorance at the heart of #Brexit. Don’t ever ask me to get behind that!
The "meaningful vote on the #Brexit deal" (today) was supposed to limit hard brexit, and be a "remainer plot". But looks like it's going to cause a no-deal brexit. #irony
Five questions on tonight’s Brexit vote
Leave the mouldy cherries of Theresa May’s Brexit deal... Now feast on battle of Bercow - Evening Standard
Can't get enough of the shenanigans and politicking? Want to know how we got here and where we might go next? Pop by here, pick up some books about Brexit and get one up on the pub bores. #BrexitVote
..due to the severe economic crisis, which is why the highest fuel prices in the world now apply in Zimbabwe.. #Trump #QAnon #News #Brexit #TrumpTrain #BuildTheWall #2A #1A #QARMY #Q #TuesdayMorning #GOP
Why are you afraid of a second referendum? Brexit was sold wrapped in a cocoon of deception and lies . Have another vote- if the people really want Brexit it will pass with flying colours .
May the suffering of a thousand natural births befall every asshole that upholds this system
More Speed Bumps on the Road to Brexit
Pregnant MP Tulip Siddiq delays child birth for Brexit vote +1 UKBot #UK #politics
2 years and they're beefing about beef and whether there will still be beef
A NO vote on Brexit deal later today, might cause support to break.
I also regret the fact that the US media is hopelessly biased and is not presenting an accurate view of why millions of people— of all incomes, ages, demographics— voted for #Brexit. ...that result was in the making for 30 years, and has nothing to do with Pres Trump
What seems to ne the problem Michael Gove. For the last 2.5 yrs you and your cohorts told us Brexit was fine and it was all Project Fear. Hmm Your actions seem to be louder than words. So what youre really saying now is that everything we told you for 2.5 yrs was a big fat lie
Theresa May faces worst government defeat in 95 years in key Brexit vote - Bloomberg
Thoughts with everyone caught up in this. Kinda puts Brexit into perspective.
Will The Champayne Be Flowing After Tonight`s Brexit Vote!!! lol!!
The squirming of Jacob Rees-Mogg in this clip is what he deserves in every interview, but doesn't get. Rees-Mogg showing the Tories to be the liars they are.
Labour MP Tulip Siddiq postponed having her caesarean section until Thursday so that she could cast her vote.
#lbc #brexit #EU #Europe #gmb #goodmorningbritain #london #poland #polish James O'Brien is Moggs bitch. JOB ran like a baby.
It's almost like British people shouldn't vote on anything
I'm not taking anything away. I'm saying we should have more democracy. A chance to vote on Brexit now we actually know what the deal is, is more democratic, not less. Why is this so hard for you to understand?
Are you an American student being paid to post for #FBPE? It's just that all your other money-spinners/comps are paying out in dollars?... if so, Brexit will be over soon, but you could make a decent pay off by selling your story to a UK outlet. All the best.
Quite busy at Westminster.. #Brexit #London
At Brexit Roundtable meeting today in London with other UK Unions Interesting day to be in the big City!!
“Brexit is a really exciting opportunity for us” #StandUp4Brexit #DitchTheDeal
How Theresa May’s Brexit deal was killed off by her own incompetence - The Independent
There is no version of Brexit which would make her position ‘inclusive.’ Her fault, if at all, was to say that there was a third choice between staying in the EU and accepting WTO rules
NEW Brexit vote: how Theresa May could break a series of unwelcome records for any Prime Minister via
That’s a good point. It really is up to the government. But could a government get away with not declare something so fundamental — similar to a Brexit Bill — a confidence matter?
Go for it, dudes! #Tiocfaidhárlá
New post (Theresa May lucha por salvar el brexit) has been published on NoticiasNicaragua24 -
Rees Mogg cites Patrick Minford as the most reliable economic forecaster. An economist who said that 'manufacturing and agriculture would be decimated'. Though was too embarrassed to confirm this. It reveals his hand. Well done &amp;
‘How Theresa May’s Brexit deal was killed off by her own incompetence’ ... Yep
Brexit vote: When is it and what happens next? Sent via
I come to completely opposite conclusion on pv vs ge. Ge not about Brexit specifically and Labour and Tories back Brexit so at least half country unrepresented in our awful fptp. Pcs is specific and decisive. Please explain your reasoning.
Think it might be better for my mental health to abandon Twitter for the rest of the day... #Brexit
Seriously? Why are you lying on ? #BrexitShambles #BrexitVote #Brexit #DUP #tellinglies
This is better than the Spider-Man trailer
Diversion from Brexit more like it Not standing up for our constitutions in Angus Fact
Indeed, however I feel that no changes in leadership is forthcoming.
Johnny and papa had to leave the country after Brexit
Good Explanation by "It's an absolute mess! The only feasible way out is to say to the people, do you want this deal or do you want to remain in the EU now that you know what Brexit looks like."
#BrexitVote #Brexit Theresa May looks utterly destroyed there... And I haven't a single ounce of sympathy for her. She got herself and everyone else into this mess, and she has failed to get us out. Though to be perfectly honest, I don't think anyone could.
F*ck #Brexit - no way I am losing these.... Whatever happens with tonight's #BrexitVote, we fight on until we stop this bullshit.
There seems to be some kind of democratic splintering occurring in the UK...
We all know what will happen with Brexit...the UK will continue to demand everything while offering nothing because they are special and it will.....
New uniform available soon for from a reputable supplier within the #ValeOfGlamorgan Health &amp; Safety first. Follow #Sali for Words of Wisdom on #Brexit #HandS
#Tuesday afternoon #CatNap while the human watches the boring #Brexit debate...Zzz
Well said that man.
Agreed
Why am I not suprised. you never believed in Brexit, never respected the vote and keep wanting your losers vote. You have ignored 52% of the electorate. Good luck because you will never ever be PM!
Mutiny on The Thames - Chris Pope via #Brexit #BrexitMeansBrexit #BREXITBETRAYAL #BrexitVote #Leave #leavemeansleave
I am simply ashamed
I wish this senile old fool would shut up waffling. Out is OUT
Which is why she won't do it. May wants to confound Brexit - she doesn't mind how at this stage.
“Plan B means Plan A”
I don't think that will sway #Brexiteers - they reject science and rationality, and would be quite happy with an #NHS that relies on leeches and bleeding to release evil humours.
Brexit BETRAYAL: Shocking How John Major 'hid facts to tie UK to EU' before 2016 referendum
We know this, but why are you not opposing Brexit which will only make things worse for the NHS and your core voters.
So-called Brexit survival kits cost almost £300 and represent either the most cynical of marketing gimmicks, or the bleakest of predictions. 'The packs include enough freeze-dried food to last 30 days, a water filter and fire starting gel'.
Brexit vote news LIVE: Theresa May faces crushing defeat on her deal after MPs vote on amendments selected by John Bercow
Have they asked him about brexit?
Theresa May faces worst government defeat in 95 years via
Theresa May's Brexit plan appears doomed as key Parliamentary vote looms – NBC News
Brexit: Tory rebel bill would stop Britain leaving without deal on March 29 - The Times via #business #News
Northern Ireland prepares for worst-case Brexit scenario | UK News
Neil Warnock's not the only voice from the world of football to come out in support of leaving the EU as...er.... Boreham Wood release pro-Brexit statement. #Bluebirds
I don't think the same can be said for #Brexit .. a
"And we can assure those members of the public that DO conclude this, that we have stockpiled silver foil for all their fucking hats."
When the history of Brexit is eventually written, John Bercow will be central to this portion of the saga. Difficult to think of a single individual who has had as much impact (David Cameron for starting it of course)
"The only country on Earth to trade exclusively with them". Yes, at first. How long do you think that would last? It's a base option, a reset button, and you build up from there. It's not ideal but seems to be the only way to actually get Brexit.
suggesting elderly people should not be allowed to vote. Obviously this is a twisted attack on the #Brexit vote. Tell me though Jeremy, that apply to all or just who vote wrong way? Ageist moron.
Brexit news: Frustrated Brit has SIMPLE solution to Brexit CHAOS | UK | News |
Theresa May and #Brexit #BrexitVote
Anyone who considers themselves democratic must distance themselves from any talk of no Brexit or a 2nd referendum. For the sake of TRUE DEMOCRACY there must be a FULL/COMPLETE BREXIT for at least 15 years. The ONLY options are either a temp semi/soft Brexit or a FULL/HARD BREXIT
Theresa May heading for historic defeat in Brexit vote
I WON'T quit! May tells Cabinet she will cling on and try to pass her Brexit deal AGAIN even if ... via
Wonder what will happen once Brexit finally dies as an issue circa 2067
Why do you claim that O'Bigot 'destroyed' Rees-Mogg when he did nothing of the sort?
No, it’s merely a distinction they missed. Too many people mistake "no deal " for "no brexit". Including some MPs
Three options that are, IMHO, better than a 2nd referendum: (a) the PM goes back to the EU and asks for more concessions, before going back to the Commons; (b) Parliament votes to withdraw art. 50 and remain in the EU; (c) a no-deal Brexit.
A polite request from Europe: wake us up when you know what you want from Brexit | Joris Luyendijk: DennisBens ... -
I'd be slightly more impressed if Jeremy wasn't a shameless ambulance chaser out to further his own career while wanting the same Brexit but with a red tinge
Ahead of Brexit vote, Theresa May makes a final plea
Great Britain “Stress Testing” Highway and Ferry Systems in Case of “No Deal” Brexit
GBP/USD Technical Analysis: Cable en route to 1.2800 figure as Brexit chaos unfolds -
Brexit itself is the deepest conspiracy of the lot!
Politico: POLITICO Brexit Files: The big vote — ‘Glistening cherries’ — Ex or eg? #EnergyUnion
Exciting day to be here in Strasbourg. Thank you for coming in to meet &amp; talk with us today. #schoolifbusiness
Brexit, Steve King, Carol Channing: Your Tuesday Briefing
recall same gent saying you cant keep having an indy vote until you get the answer you want. Ok to do so re Brexit?!
Pointless. Majority of MPs don’t actually want Brexit. The deal could feature rainbows, unicorns and a cure for Cancer, and still MPs would vote against it.
Delighted to have been on #SharpEnd last night with and to discuss #Brexit (obviously) and No10's unfortunate Wales screw up, our segment on from 12:44 minutes in
Well there’s a nonsense statement if ever I heard one. Someone remind me, how many troops constitute a hard border?
Do you think the Tory party is really capable of governing in the interests of everyone ? Not much evidence of this in recent years.
Cheers Lords, Dad's crying.
Solid gold in this thread from . My particular favourites, the Ronaldo statue analogy and the probation period.
Theresa May faces worst government defeat in 95 years in key Brexit vote - Bloomberg
Watching BBC News Do not ask for whom the bell tolls #Brexit
Is today the actual final definitive day in which we learn wtf will happen with Brexit or is this like the previous 39 actual final definitive days
You might be despairing I certainly am not - merely trying to be realistic. We're fond of trotting out empty phrases and nebulous ideas about indy. Theresa May did this with her Brexit means Brexit. We need to better think through our ideas, ditch rhetoric and hone our strategy.
All the #Brexit Feels #meaningfulvote @ Sherrardspark Wood
Read the article, not the headline: "The agreement stands, as it is. I doubt very much that the agreement can be fundamentally reopened. If there were a better solution, it would already have been put forward.”
Government ‘sneaks out’ £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote
Brexit amendment that might have limited PM's losses is rejected
Won’t be. Live coverage on Nairobi which is more important than Brexit .
Least anyone forgets.
Gaslighting us. Then goes for brunch. It’s a tactic. A manifestly stupid and indefensible one, but a tactic nonetheless.
[EUROPE] POLITICO Brexit Files: The big vote — ‘Glistening cherries’ — Ex or eg? |
Surely after the huge defeat which is expected, Theresa May can not stay on as Prime Minister. She, and her horde of remainer advisers &amp; ministers are a stumbling block, and will continue to try to thwart genuine Brexit and tie us in to the EU. She has to go. #MayOutNow #GoWTO
Brexit Vote: Parliament to Decide on E.U. Withdrawal Plan
Llanelli overwhelmingly voted for Brexit in the 2016 referendum.
Despite all the backstabbing, lies and endless scare stories, like the latest one, 'no bog rolls after Brexit' the electorate stands determined and still demands BREXIT ! and a You Gov polls shows only 8% want the Hungarian billionaire financed 'peoples' vote.
and here it is... "you're just not listening"..."I am, I'm just not falling for it!" #Boom
Taking back control....
The only arguments I've heard for May's deal are 'best compromise', 'will of the people' &amp; 'otherwise you'll get No Deal/No Brexit' - &amp; there's a good reason for this. MPs need to take a cold, hard look at our future under the deal.
Always wanted to see these two go head to head. #OpposingViews #Brexit #Debate
Remember this? #Brexit
Watch - he is magnificent in this exchange with the pompous prig that is JRM
Can globalist May take out the HEART OF THE BRITISH PEOPLE by creating fake non #Brexit designed by EU bankers? Working FOR the GLOBALIST CRIMINALS to SHUT UP the masses of actual BRITS? A Carefully designed attack on British people by the MONEYED elite. Incredible TREASON! #MAGA
a dance floor comment on the chaos that is Brexit
I don't really buy that to be honest. Given Brexit is a broadly non partisan (party political wise) I think they're all behaving appallingly. Many Labour MPs will vote against a plan they could agree with in the hope of forcing an election to make a man they despise PM
The PMs Brexit Deal is very bad a No Deal Brexit is even worse so it must be either a General Elction or A Re-negotiated Better Deal or a Peoples Vote to finally decide Brexit.
So is Brexit over now or what
Michael Gove warns 'winter is coming' if MPs vote down Brexit deal tonight in bizarre interview
the vote on brexit today should never have reached this far. the leave campaign broke the spending rules and therefor gained an unfair advantage sothe result of the 2016 referendum should be null and void
Brexit vote: Bercow allows four amendments but not one for second referendum – Politics live – The Guardian
The only contingency. Will be a #GeneralElection. Neither the country, nor Parliament will accept anything else
Rage, rage against the dying of the union... whilst still respecting and adhering to democracy ofc #BrexitVote #Brexit #BrexitDeal
Just shows May is not listening .. She is well trained by the EU
NOT true. Only one party will continue with austerity. Of course Brexit will impact on it but only the Tories are committed to austerity whatever happens. By voting for the fib dems etc you are enabling this to continue...i hope you're proud!
How is it undemocratic to let people change their mind now we know the details of brexit?
Curious - did the Brexit quiz just now but, when it revealed my score, not all of the answers it said I clicked were the ones that I did click. Did it again and the same thing happened. Bug, or a satirical programmer's comment about vote-rigging?
The sticking point seems to be the Irish back-stop, yet there's little reported on that #Brexit What is the Irish backstop?
Breaking: Theresa May delays #BrexitVote until February 30th!
the Tories winning by a bigger margin, they will definitely have a mandate to push through their Neoliberal agenda. With a GE, there is no choice about Brexit or Not, with a referendum there is. It is simple, I want a chance at stopped Brexit, a GE doesn't give me that.
UK PM, Theresa May stares at Brexit defeat, pleads for support for country's sake
only kidding ..... this time it will be different.
JR-M taken to the cleaners by . Wonderful. You must watch &amp; Retweet... #FBPE #OFOC #PeoplesVote #RemainbowCoalition
Brexit has pulled back the curtain and exposed the illusion of British democracy. If we simply continue from here without a reform of UK politics, we deserve this determined and relentless erosion of democracy and freedom, which is already well underway.
Brexit has no mandate. Leave only 'won' by lying and cheating. Here's what to do now: 1. lock up the liars; 2. lock up the cheats; 3. #PeoplesVote
That is at it again; coming on the radio with that weary voice that implies that all this Brexit malarkey would have been so much easier under Labour and that they had the answers all along. To his credit he hasn't yet started with "Why oh why oh why..." #wato
Watching BBC news coverage of the Brexit hoedown. Pretty sure they just handed over to their Reality Check correspondent. Yup this is in fact reality, and we now require a talking head to remind us through the day. Maybe this is just Thanos fucking about with the reality stone..?
Bastards! You know it's bad when the FT rat on a Conservative government... Financial Times: DWP accused of sneaking out hit to retired couples during Brexit row.
Please for the sake of this country MPs vote for Theresa May deal. Let’s get on with Brexit and avoid a no deal. Cheers #BrexitDeal #BrexitChaos #brexit
Also, find out how your MP is expected to vote tonight:
Yet another reason to be delighted that #watfordfc beat Palace on Saturday
Brexit vote: Bercow allows four amendments but not one for second referendum – Politics live – The Guardian
WATCH LIVE Final Brexit debate ahead of crucial vote
Yep, Chuka Ummuna is totally campaigning for Brexit suddenly now...
Looks like I'll be in the House of Commons during Parliament's meaningful vote on #Brexit. History in the making - let's see how this turns out.
Just think, in only a few short weeks, when all the dust has settled, we’ll look back at Brexit and wonder what all the fuss was about.
What is the Brexit deal on the table? Summary of Theresa May's deal before vote As MPs prepare to vote on Theresa May's Brexit deal, here's a summary of what's actually on the table
Don't know this Torie pointing out on the EU hoping to finally have UK finished the Brexit drama by self-kick out. Nevertheless the honorable gentleman delivers.
Anyone who saw this and doesn’t see Mogg for the cliched self-serving pencil he is needs his head read. As for Minfird’s track record here how he fares in forecasts. (cont.) #lbc
Brexit: DUP WON'T vote no confidence in government signals leader in blow to Corbyn The indication from Arlene Foster offered Theresa May a minor boost as she braces herself for an overwhelming defeat
This is what Theresa May, the UK's prime minister, said almost exactly two years ago about #Brexit. It seems she got it almost right.
Spider-Man going to England to ensure Brexit and sink Venice.
Tory Gandalf Geoffrey Cox warns Brexiteers 'you are playing with people's LIVES' Attorney General Geoffrey Cox made the booming warning at the beginning of a day of debate on Theresa May's Brexit deal
Brexit: Showdown im Unterhaus
via Britons See No-Deal Brexit as Most Likely Outcome If May’s Plan Rejected - Poll
Ah there he is in action! #Brexit
I'm not a racist, but steve Parish is a good man. Come on the Eagles!
Politics: Ruth Cadbury MP: Why I’ll be voting against the PM’s Disastrous Brexit Deal
I WON'T quit! May tells Cabinet she will cling on and try to pass her Brexit deal AGAIN even if it falls to the worst defeat ever in Commons showdown tonight - as Speaker Bercow delivers ANOTHER blow by refusing to pick 'lifeline' amendment
Exactly! May’s deadline for a deal should have been a year ago leaving UK time to properly prepare for a no deal Brexit
Theresa May's Brexit plan appears doomed as key Parliamentary vote looms – NBC News
Four Brexit Vote Amendments Threaten to Kill May's Deal
summoned to Brussels to explain how she couldn't sell her stitch-up, sell-out deal to Parliament when she was bought and paid for by the EU elite.
That’s right another bespoke English product - direct relationships with the growers throughout the UK not only gets us these fantastic products for you but puts your menu in a great place for #Brexit
People most definitely didn’t vote for a #Brexit that was “survivable”. Is really saying that is what people were voting for in the EU referendum? The reducing numbers still keen on #Brexit believe they will immediately be better off after it! Ignore that at your peril!
Preach
We've been waiting and watching for so long... Of course it happened today. O'Brien and Rees-Mogg having a friendly chat about Brexit.
UK is screwed #NODeal #Brexit #GnlElection or #Remain with a divided country, a Parliament represents the entitled + votes party line not according to people + no minority representation #anyWhichWayYouLoose
Well done the people of Sunderland
That's a lot of people who believe in unicorns....
this is now out there!!
#Brexit This is a T*mes journalist having a go at the awesome for postponing her baby's birth in order to participate in the most important parliamentary vote in decades. Sickening man. IMO the T*mes has exposed itself as a Faux-#Remain paper.
Never mind could she SHOULD. Bloody traitorous witch.
THIS!
Labour MP Tulip Siddiq delays Caesarean for Brexit vote
Government: you must vote for the #BrexitDeal because otherwise Brexit won't happen. But also there will be a #nodealbrexit. Simultaneously, apparently.
Maybe things have gone down hill since I did my own hard Brexit 15 years ago. Spotty fucking tumblers?
Kenneth Clarke is taking Parliament to school right now. #Brexit #BrexitVote
"trade expert" represents the privilege of the status quo. We, the common people, voted for change. You, privileged class, will not deny it to us.
Can’t believe they scheduled Brexit debate during live #ScotchPieAwards.
The Brexit Wolf wants Hamberders and covfefe. Now. #Brexit #Hamberders #Covfefe
So Brexit is going to fuck up one of the UKs fastest growing industries then. One that also makes us a culturally interesting destination and generates investments into the local economy from tourism, craft and hospitality.
This is what brexit voters voted for - you knew what you were voting for apparently. Surely you're not saying its ok to change your mind ? If so - can we please #PeoplesVote
It will be like this in the uk if brexit fails
That’s what we need a proper Brexit manager for a Brexit fan base. No nonsense is Big Sam
The world's media may descend on Bournemouth. but they will find that this is actually in Poole..
.. the unique (and scary) think about Brexit is the extent to which division==&gt;silence. I actually agree more welfare charities should speak out but risks are high when future is so uncertain + disengagement from 'experts' is already high.
Which means that the UK will have to provide a solution for the Irish border and all the other problems that Brexit might entail. The UK wishes to diverge from the EU, it's up to them to make it work somehow. The economic damage Brexit causes is entirely due to Brexit, not the EU
VOTING FOR MAY WILL WRECK MY FUTURE AND THAT OF UK. WE NEED TO GO ABROAD, THEY NEED TO COME HERE. FREEDOM OF MOVEMENT WILL BE LOST IF WE LEAVE EU - THE ONLY TARGET XENOPHOBE THERESA MAY HAS. THROW HER OUT. ALL BREXIT CABINET MEMBERS VOTED AGAINST INCREASING HUMAN RIGHTS
I've wanted these two debating for a long long time.
Matthew Parris, former Tory MP in Thatcher times lets slip he has ‘more in common’ with Yvette Cooper than Tories on #REMAIN is the establishment position. must stand firm for #GeneraElectionNow &amp; wclass #BREXIT Kick the Tories while they’re down.
May Faces Worst Government Defeat in 95 Years in Brexit Vote - Bloomberg via
#Connect #Member #Blog Brexit vs Cash | PBC Business Recovery
today is the big vote for brexit
JO has met his match and his brow beating approach to interviews has made no impact. Well done JRM
Hamberders are what will be served to the huddled masses in post-Brexit Blighty
Everyone knows that Theresa May is gonna lose the vote tonight, but what happens next? My guess is that the government will eventually coalesce around a soft Brexit, and there will be enough Progress MPs willing to walk through the lobby with them, to get it over the line #Brexit
Trump: hold my hamburger!
Romanian PM : “Brexit will be a key focus of the Romanian Presidency” [of the EU] #brexit #BrexitVote
Plenty of disagreement here at Westminster but a consensus of ‘despair’ over the handling of #Brexit on the whole. Updates in the lead up to the debate:
As mentioned on today's podcast...
interesting. Both naked protesting &amp; no shave January activist.
Just read down this thread......most amusing, if it wasn't so serious.
For all the scaremongering over a No Deal #Brexit, the EU are willing to reopen negotiations. Why did waste over a month on her deal when it was obvious Parliament would reject it??? #MayMustGo and somebody competent take over negotiations.
What’s Sala view on Brexit ?
Via : Live updates: British MPs prepare to vote on May’s Brexit deal
How will you respond to #Brexit? Are you and your suppliers prepared?
The lowdown on the four #Brexit vote amendments: via
Nice mention of #Gammon King
Theresa May never even tried to kill off backstop, Arlene Foster claims
Brexit amendments explained - how tonight's historic vote will unfold
‘Whether you voted to Leave or Remain in the European Union, we are now heading towards a Brexit which nobody voted for’ ~ I wholeheartedly agree with my MP, Catherine West #PeoplesVote
no such thing as a "proper WTO Brexit" ... it would be a car crash
Please support a NO DEAL BREXIT the only way to free ourselves from the EU Cesspit of Corruption which created Zero Hours contracts, VAT, EU postal directive etc etc to name a few sufferings to UK people
At what point did I make a statement about brexit that could be wrong? I called some other bastard a racist and you started getting cheeky. Pipe down lad
‘I don’t trust the government to look after me or my dog’: meet the Brexit stockpilers #lbc #fbpe #libdems #conservatives #labour #plaidcymru #snp #ukip #abtv #waton #stupidbrexiteers #itvnews #bbcnews #c4news #5news #skynews #bbcparliament #PeoplesVote
Listen to the full interview here.
Blast from the past! #Brexit #BrexitVote
What a monumental day in the UK. History being made in Westminster as the #Brexit chaos reaches another key moment.
a dance floor comment on the chaos that is Brexit
Brexit, the cult of the personality in Trump and Corbyn are all symptoms of much wider shitshows that we are having to deal with. Rather than shutting down the conversation with someone a "homophobe" (even though I obviously think slurs shouted at Owen Jones are homophobic)
If they delay #Brexit one more time, go get ‘em!
No Brexit!
On #TheNews at 8, 10% EWS quota in colleges from this year, extra seats will be added says Minister,Operation Lotus 2.0, 2 independents quit in Karnataka, BJP dreaming says CM, the Brexit vote &amp; Kohli, Dhoni star in India’s win
Brexit is exactly like Kevin Spacey, every single comparison, metaphor and simile works perfectly
are here already!
Opportunity to discuss impact of #Brexit with this afternoon - so many members dependent upon trade with the EU, trying to make the best of the situation but having to plan for the worst scenario.
Behind the Brexit headlines... HMRC self-assessment deadlines!
What could happen after MPs vote on the Brexit deal? #NewsSuite
He should retire, well consistently working against our wishes We voted remain and no mentioning of it Brexit porridge
Other broadcasters could learn a thing or two from
Words of wisdom....
Pregnant MP Tulip Siddiq delays child birth for Brexit vote
If #Corbyn gets his wish and we have a time wasting GE, will he step down if he loses again? If he doesn't he'll be exposed as the self serving egotis he is. Brexiteers don't trust him to deliver Brexit and Remainer who paid attention know he's a Brexiteer. #PeoplesVote #FBPE
trying to get myself excited at the prospect that soon it may just be the word brexit is never used again but no energy only thing that's able to get me going is a waist of oxygen who i blocked some time back for his unwarrented atack on me tbc
More than anything Brits are sick and tired of liberals and muslims destroying the country. EXPLAINER-What happens if PM May loses vote on her Brexit deal?.
Government 'sneaks out' £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote - The Independent
Of course she does.
The trouble is they're the same people who have nothing better to do than inhale avocado, get offending and blog about brexit. Have you had anything from yet? He is one of the best.
Is Brexit ever going to happen? Everything you need to know about the next steps after tonight's historic vote
[sigh] you are (probably deliberately) missing the point. Brexit has the distinct, and increasingly likely, possibility of people metaphorically a leg. You are saying it should be accepted because there are those who have “lost both legs”. I argue I would like to keep my leg.
Pretty sure regardless of circumstances, Greg will be first in line to vote for the NSDAP
The simple truth is T M is an administrator not a hard ball negotiator. The EU just sat back because right from the start, they knew she was desperate for a deal-any deal. In a world cup final - fat chance - would our manager let Norman Wisdom take the deciding penalty? #Brexit
. &amp; some others have offered solid arguments re why May’s deal is best option available. Here offers the most powerful takedown of May’s deal I’ve seen. It is rather devastating.
Absolute madness even to think that #Brexit could be scrapped. A referendum result has got to be kept and that's what the MPs should do as well. #BrexitVote
British families in turmoil, while ROYALS have parties galore!! What a trashy country!! D-Day for the Brexit Preppers! Meet the British families stocking up on food and essentials in ... via
"If you do like Brexit stay simple" is the best bit of that tweet.
Cabinet Source: Theresa May Could Resign if She Suffers Heavy Defeat
Australia is my home, England is my birthplace, it saddens me to see so many people in England destroying the very fabric of unity, if they have a hard Brexit they may stand alone and the EU may hesitate over a dispute with Russia. better to except a deal now and reinforce ties.
As Theresa May's #Brexit deal faces likely defeat, Predata's measurement of online activity reflects a growing fear of a no-deal Brexit. Read more in the latest #PredataForeword
No remainers constant moaning and unacceptance of Brexit is doing the real damage!! They should get over it instead of acting like kids
THAT'S EXACTLY WHAT SHE'S DOING! PUTTING HER CHILD FIRST
Brexit: EU was essentailly based as a common market than a parallel model to United States that is idealogically/historically/geographically an entirely different region. Euopeans inherently carry individual nationalism more so now with economic problems.
Rest assured, when I next go to Iceland, it definitely won't be a trip booked through a company that supported Brexit
Theoretically a No Deal exit is still possible but politics will stop it. Even the Prime Minister won't pursue No Deal. Eventually, Parliament will probably pass some form of Brexit, so soft we'll hardly know we've left. Leavers will feel betrayed but that's life.
Quiz: how well have you been following Brexit? &lt; 10 / 15.
convinced brexit is a scam to get military money by restarting the war in Northern Ireland
Absolutely they are to blame! #BrexitVote #Brexit #MakeBritainGreat_GTTO #GTTO #GetTheToriesOut #GeneralElection #GeneralElectionNow
how embarrassing
2/2 now as if to add insult to injury, her multi millionaire boyfriend has said that Brexit is a win win situation for football, and she is a strident remoaner! Priceless!
BBCNEWS 6:26am BREXIT DEAL VOTE. The backstop is a contingency plan to avoid hard Irish bordev' BREXIT DEAL VOTE. EU: Backslop will...
It's finally judgment day for Theresa May's Brexit deal
Of course I won't be able to see it, because after Brexit all cinemas will become Thunderdomes.
Tony, don't forget to name names. Let's let everyone know which MPs don't give a damn about the suffering of the 1950s women. etc etc. #BackTo60 #Onevoice #GreyRage #50sWomen #brexit
Everyone focusing on Brexit has missed out today's scientific report that discovered that as 's neck is so long his swallow/suction ability is 17 times stronger than a normal humans and he is closer to a commercial vacuum cleaner than regular man.
in #britain was #SpiderManFarFromHome and it would belike dat there after teh #BrexitVote with no bout teh #BrexitDeal and a crazy #Brexit #TheresaMay #TheresaMaysDeal
in #britain was #SpiderManFarFromHome and it would belike dat there after teh #BrexitVote with no bout teh #BrexitDeal and a crazy #Brexit #TheresaMay #TheresaMaysDeal
Tonight's the night. #worldwide fascination in , #Brexitvote and the #hokeycoakey exchanges that will follow. #Brexit is what life is now about in UK . Exhilarating or humiliating times? #GlobalBritain v #LittleBritain #Youngpeople key to future in ?
Lineker only petrified of BREXIT because he’s worried that Wayne will be turfed out and returning to Blighty where he will be opening a bar in Blackpool!
Brexit. Barr. Burger King. #NineteenEightyFour
We'll see. May seems he'll bent on honouring the 2016 Ref result. If she stays she'll go for WTO Brexit on the 29th unless EU blink and want to talk. If she goes Rabb will take over and we'll leave on 29th. Winner winner chicken dinner.
In the midst of a partisan Parliament Square the United By Tea movement dispenses warm beverages... #brexit #healingwounds #nicecuppa
I agree wholeheartedly. The betrayal of the electorate began the moment a set of undeliverable promises were made by the #Leave campaigns.
Brexit: Vote historic for wrong reasons says Arlene Foster
As Britain gears itself up for the outcome of today's Brexit vote it is impressive that is committed to paying the settlement application admin cost for its staff staff from the EU .
Anyone who considers themselves democratic must distance themselves from any talk of no Brexit or a 2nd referendum. For the sake of TRUE DEMOCRACY there must be a FULL/COMPLETE BREXIT for at least 15 years. The ONLY options are either a temp semi/soft Brexit or a FULL/HARD BREXIT
I feel like leavers have an idealistic perception on post-Brexit life. In reality, post-Brexit is going to be completely disruptive - economically, socially and politically.
A cleaner Brexit? Words fail me.
Amen. "This is not a Brexit that anyone voted for." Altho I like the concept of Brexit (&amp; a strong supporter of the EU), but this Brexit was handled with severe lack of leadership. Personally, not a fan of referendums. Reps are elected to steer the ship w/ real leadership skills.
The UK’s Brexit Options in the Eurozone Landscape – Visualized via
"getting away from "British brexit ..... O in thy beloved ... heart the "golden " music ... dances upon the wintry breeze the storms are on there way .. coming from the windy bay ....as sweet as we all do let the music play and play . as to say "on this Earth it a beautiful day
Never had a hard border? This looks pretty hard to me: (and for contrast, look up 54°28'5.14" N 8°0'59.86" W to see what that looks like now - humming "Green Fields of Ireland" not compulsory).
I liked a video Brexit Deal or No Deal - today's the day!
Parliament to vote on May's Brexit deal
Crikey that is a very bold corduroy suit - I do hope they are called to speak #Brexit
Brexit has always been a circus designed to distract from the real issues. It needs to end asap. Public opinion is now against Brexit. Surely now is the time to stop this ridiculous waste of time and money?
Ok.. last Brexit tweet today. To all those that thought that the referendum was constitutionally binding.. IT IS NOT.!! The referendum bill was clear and means that the government can listen to the public and do whatever they want.. including revoking Article 50.
#Brexit the only reason some remainers want a is because they think the 2 million young voters that are now of age will give them the numbers to win. Nothing to do with a final say or democracy they just want their way as can't stand losing 1st EU referendum.
Tonight’s #BrexitVote really does feel the finale of Brexit, doesn’t it?
Brexit vote: Bercow allows four amendments but not one for second referendum - Politics live
Pity they can’t both lose, oh wait......
You are a disgrace. I have a certain amount of respect for those mps voting against the deal because they feel it doesn't deliver the Brexit people voted for. .
steve gets it..... not sure what his remoaner GF thinks
A real feeling of History down in Westminster today Keep an eye out for our titanic stunt in the media #MeaningfulVote #Brexit
#Brexit t-shirt slogan Idea: "Don't have a Bercow, man"
I rather think your constituents will disagree with you And make plans to de select you pretty quickly as I’m sure most of them were leavers as Her Deal is not the Leave we were promised
Dear Mr . "Remainers' #Brexit" is an oxymoron. Your so-called 1/2-in-1/2-out Brexit is still Brexit. As far as Remainers are concerned, Out means Out. Stop smearing Remainers with oxymorons, please. Thk-Q, James, for reminding JRM BoE's forecasts were MITIGATED.
Anyone know what is saying? #Brexit
MPs will be voting on 4 amendments before tonight's main vote - latest
Bollocks do you think the public are as stupid as the CBI who are hand in glove with the EU and as corrupt
Anyone who considers themselves democratic must distance themselves from any talk of no Brexit or a 2nd referendum. For the sake of TRUE DEMOCRACY there must be a FULL/COMPLETE BREXIT for at least 15 years. The ONLY options are either a temp semi/soft Brexit or a FULL/HARD BREXIT
Sessh
One thing that come from Brexit? Is how corrupt things really are in parliament &amp; how low people are willing to go when things don't go there way !
I also remember huge cat-fights about how the question must be simple &amp; binary, in the interests of “balance”, demands coming from the Brexiteer wing. It’s on them, IMO.
Just to keep the #Brexit drama in perspective....it could be worse!
A resounding thumbs-down awaits British PM in historic Brexit deal vote
UK House of Lords rejects no-deal Brexit - #EU #The
#brexit brought to you by the Conservative’s the same stable geniuses behind the poll tax, trickle down and most famously appeasement.
I'm as confused as everyone else, though ;-)
Wells Fargo, JP Morgan and Brexit Vote Challenge US Stock Markets Today
Share for our own benefit: Germany has begun the process of leaving the EU, so why are we staying? We want to leave immediately
. "The EU are Engaged in: All Means Perpetual Hybrid Warfare against the U.K. May &amp; Her Ministers &amp; FCO are in with them on this. " David Ellis British Armed Forces being handed over to EU regardless of Brexit .
Labour MP Tulip Siddiq delays birth to vote on Brexit
Theresa May is STILL treating Parliament with contempt.
Brexit Vote: Theresa May&amp;#039;s Last Pleas and What Happens After Brexit Vote || || || #World News
I’ll tell you what, Peter. I won’t stop trying to prevent Brexit until the moment we have actually left. After that, I will start planning how to exploit the stupidity of those who voted for it &amp; continued to demand it, for my own personal gain. OK?
Brilliant a must watch !!!!!
Ken Clarke brilliantly shredding the UK’s bright brexit trading future.
He answered every question and O’Brien is gutted that he didn’t succeed in making Rees-Mogg sound like an idiot on Brexit, like he tries so hard to do to ever other person who supports Brexit.
It's a bit late for regrets now. If even 2% of those who voted Leave did so for "Lexit" reasons because of how the Troika mistreated Greece then Brexit is as much Lagarde's fault as Banks, Farage and Johnson's.
#HOC now Ken Clarke is slagging Trump off, yes, that’s right, FFS #Brexit
The Minister for External Relations, Senator , is making a Statement to the on the Government's preparations for Brexit. He will also be presenting Report 5/2019, providing a full summary of those preparations:
Why is it that liberals pretend that they can do no wrong, commit no mistakes? The #RuleOfLaw only works when we pretend that it does, doesn't it? Failing ideologues. #Brexit
REAL ECONOMICS NEWSLETTER Real Time Economics: Big Brexit Vote, Chinese Car Wreck
Scots are being taken from EU against our will. Is it bad nationalism to fight to stay in EU David? The fact scots are being taken out is case enough for indy for most apart from you extreme "Scotland is not a country" types. You enjoy the Brexit you tried to FORCE on scots.
On the short run Brexit may seem a bad idea, but on the long run Brexit is good for Britons. The pound will initially go down, but will eventually go up. more tourists, greater exports, less imports, closer to commonwealth. #brexitinbetweeners #BrexitVote #Brexit #TheresaMay
British MPs' choice will affect 66 million citizens #cnn
but no problem with this, an obvious attack for one of the men who got this country BREXIT.
Their you go Clarke one dsy their will be no boards across the world eu is wanting to rule the world kill off cultures and keep everybody under on rule goverment in other words to be a dictator to the whole population brexit success or else #HouseofCommons
What do you see as the advantages of Brexit?
Ain’t that the truth? Brexit chaos is the fault of absolutely everyone except the people who actually voted for it | NewsThump
Interesting
New #car sales in the #UK suffered their greatest decline since the financial crisis in 2018, with #Brexit and #diesel regulations the primary cause
EU nations aren't equal when it comes to planning for a no-deal Brexit. Here are the highlights of what individual governments are doing
I have never seen so many pro #brexit videos go up on #YouTube in the last few days. #FakeNews is rife in that platform again.
Michael Gove just loves a #GameOfThrones reference
Brexit was such a stupid idea. U do not pull out of a regional block. Not 21st century
Vlad's Puppet Trump Discussed Pulling U.S. From NATO, Aides Say Amid New Concerns Over Russia #Brexit #IndictTrump
There are a number of good live-tweets of the "meaningful vote" pregame show, a/k/a Brexit debate. This one is my preference.
your Tweet was quoted in an article by
Harsh but well-explained, and a great read on #brexit
Dear UK, I know we are in the middle of a crisis with this whole Brexit stuff but fuck me it could be worse.
I think #TheresaMay will be consigned to history after tonight, which is probably a good thing. However, I maintain that through all this mess she has shown bigger bollocks than #Cameron who I still think should be done for treason and spinlessness. #Brexit
Scoop from After the Brexit vote, No 10 draws up secret contingency plans
BBC News - Theresa May facing crunch vote on her Brexit deal
Which Brexit? Nobody can agree, just like you can’t decide on which football team to support.
Interesting two camps
Wells Fargo, JP Morgan and Brexit Vote Challenge US Stock Markets Today Read more: #cryptocurrency #cryptonews #crypto #algory #trading
Does watching #MrsMaisel while washing up instead of listening to Brexit debates make me, well, like Mrs Maisel?!
What a ridiculous position. Brexit was won on fraud which is why there are 11 investigations ongoing, and why for 2 years after the British Public have wanted to Remain in increasing numbers.
Both won't be killed off. Scottish independence will grow when Brexit is killed off. When Brexit is dead the shit will hit the fan in England, it will be sliced like a hot knife going through butter and the division will not heal. We'll be delighted in Scotland and break away.
"..the politicians go round and round and round, and then round some more " #brexit #Article50
I’d prefer #Moggxit to #brexit personally
My head has been quite befuddled by Brexit it's accompanying shenanigans and I almost forgot what was what. Thanks for the clarity Mr H.
Nick Boles: "I will do everything I can to stop my party pursuing a no-deal Brexit - even if it means quitting as a Tory MP." Fine. But why not start by quitting and running as an independent on your new policy?
Norway, Canada, 2nd referendum??? China's Trade Uncertainty &amp; Brexit Scenarios by #forex $GLD $UUP $TNX #Brexit #GBPUSD #WithdrawalAgreement
Is Italy out of love with EU? Only in four EU countries the level of trust in the EU is at lower levels, including the UK, on its way to Brexit. By #Gimme5EU
you don't represent me as a Hampstead resident by blocking Brexit and being in contempt of democracy and 17.4 million fellow Brits.
Wondering if that foreign chap #DominicGrieve will be getting a case or two of this if a No Deal #Brexit happens?
Absolute barnstorming speech by Lammy. We need more of this from all sides of the house. Brexit is a scam
LIVE – final day of Commons debate on the #Brexit deal ahead of the vote ... via
Stop trying to blame the Labour Party for the Tories miserable failure to negotiate a half decent Brexit deal. This shambles is alll yours, own it!
British Prime Minister Theresa May faces crushing defeat in a historic vote in parliament on Tuesday over the Brexit deal she has struck with the European Union, leaving the world's fifth biggest economy in limbo. #BrexitVote
post brexit, we'll have to dress like that... and Ken is probably speaking the most sense of anyone this afternoon..
MPs have sensationally voted to back Theresa May's Brexit deal after an impassioned plea from Boreham Wood's official website
It simply wouldn't be possible to find someone who was rational and capable of exercising judgement, but who wasn't opposed to Brexit. No such person exists.
Before Article 50. Before red lines. Before negotiations. This is the very first thing the government should have done.
US Won't Escape the Pain of Brexit
Actually representation of me when I hear Brexit on the news #Vote #BrexitDeal
Has Brexit caused a shortage of commas and other puntuation?
What’s brexit ?
Before Article 50. Before red lines. Before negotiations. This is the very first thing the government should have done.
These 16 differences between Brexit in 2016 and 2019 are terrible but so very funny.
An explainer on what's happening today
The magistrate agreed many people are sick of Brexit - but that was no excuse for spelling rude words with Christmas lights
But he also says: “The agreement stands, as it is. I doubt very much that the agreement can be fundamentally reopened. If there were a better solution, it would already have been put forward.” So, calm down
"Dear Prime Minister, your deal dies today." British PM faces major defeat, and the British press agree. In German .
BBC Look-Ahead: The #Brexit saga continues, as the #UnitedKingdom moves closer to leaving the #EU.
#Brexit Couldn’t resist doing this on the beach at Wimereux Pas de Calais. Appropriately the tide was turning
Today Britain’s parliament will vote on ’s Brexit deal? But if it doesn’t pass what could that mean for Northern Ireland? We ask , Graham Gudgin and Ruth Taillon on #TheNewsmakers
All credible economic analysis shows us getting poorer from ANY Brexit. HOW is that a brighter future ????
When will Theresa May Stop Shadow Boxing and Get Down to Business? #Brexit #BrexitVote #MeaningfulVote
Aah, the no deal #brexit. Implications for #privacy and the #cybersecurity community abound - this is a good primer on the #GDPR. You might want to wait a day or two to read it though (depending on today's vote...):
Me: Alexa, how broken is Britain? Alexa:
Jeremy, It's Not Too Late To Change Your Mind And Offer A Real Alternative To Brexit -
Almost everyone in Parliament who is FOR Brexit and AGAINST this deal has stated that they would advocate some kind of deal, maybe THIS deal with some tweaks. There may be no majority for THIS deal but there is a far higher majority AGAINST no-deal.
Thank you lets hope more MP's show your integrity &amp; good sense
Bercow backs proxy vote on Brexit for pregnant Labour MP – The Guardian
Tonight’s #BrexitVote really does feel like the finale of Brexit. But will we get Sarah Harding or Javine?
They have ignored us for too long. Reject Parliament's plans for a radiant brexit and demand a quiet brexit!
Northern Ireland prepares for worst-case Brexit scenario
Switch and fix energy provider to avoid potential post-Brexit price hikes
British lawmakers are set to vote Tuesday on whether to approve Prime Minister Theresa May's Brexit deal that would take the country out of the European Union. Whatever the outcome, the world's fifth-largest economy is...
looking forward to brexit fan-boys telling them to stick to football
As a Citizen who lives in the ORIGINAL #Brexit ... USA. IMO, the UK PEOPLE need to RIP this "DEAL" up &amp; DECLARE THEIR INDEPENDENCE.
Brexit: Find out how your local MP is going to vote
Five questions on tonight’s Brexit vote
POLITICO Brexit Files: The big vote — ‘Glistening cherries’ — Ex or eg?
Theresa May’s Brexit deal finally goes to vote in Parliament, with defeat all but certain
Just needs to be set alight for maximum accuracy
Just pack those anti-Brexit house of commons members onto a boat and ship them across the channel.
Quiz: how well have you been following Brexit? [ ]
GBP/USD Technical Analysis: Cable en route to 1.2800 figure as Brexit chaos unfolds
I'll be talking #Brexit (what else, today, really?) on at around 4pm.
“Before we do this terrible thing, the people should be asked if this is what they want.” lands an Exocet squarely in the Leavers’ playground. Here’s why all #Brexit options are bad.
UK Parliament will debate four amendments before this evening's vote on Theresa May's Brexit deal:
Decision day for Brexit as UK parliament prepares for vote
Look out now for our CEO, Stephen Jones, on News discussing the potential impact of Brexit ahead of tonight’s vote. Watch here:
a dance floor comment on the chaos that is Brexit
PM will try force a SECOND vote on her Brexit deal despite facing defeat
PM May's Brexit deal looks set to be roundly rejected by British lawmakers, with many members of May's own party expected to vote against it.
Stupid woman
Germany sees weakest growth in five years amid global protectionism, uncertainty over Brexit
Despite Recent Scandals, Shadowy Brexit Campaigns Are Still Allowed To Bombard Facebook With Ads [ ]
What next for Brexit? Three main scenarios
This encapsulates my feelings about the last two years. has not consulted the Labour party, the tragedy is that she did not consult the Tories either! She blundered on in her own myopic and incompetent way and that's how her *deal* has ended up. Myopic and incompetent
Jaguar Land Rover, Ford and Honda deliver triple dose of bad news for UK car industry
I strongly disagree with when it comes to Corbyn, but he was on fire today with the Brexit call ins, been listening to him on LBC for around 2 years now and today was definitely one of the best and to top it off he demolished Jacob Reece-Mogg in a call in
Government 'sneaks out' £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote | Ian Shires
Wells Fargo, JP Morgan and Brexit Vote Challenge US Stock Markets Today #Crypto
Brexited out? Don't get hung up on the backstop, just come to Cornwall. We're more interested in pasties than passports! #brexit #kernow #lovecornwall #swisbest #holidayvibes #cornwallcoast #keepcalm
what is government afraid of? #PeoplesVote
#SpiderManFarFromHome heading to post Brexit London then!
Scotland can’t be in the passenger seat if UK is driven off Brexit cliff edge
We #PeoplesVote groups out in force today opposite #Parliament willing you on to defeat the appalling exit bill tonight fingers crossed for a big victory
The EU is the trading bloc with the highest number of FTAs and other trade agreements, though, and it takes many years to ratify any one of those. In a no deal Brexit, the UK will start with 0 agreements and will be in a very weak position to negotiate anything to theiradvantage
someone shut him up dam on on on on on, at this rate we mite get 10 people in the debate
Never mind, following the new Brexit dawn, when the new Ministry of Information is headed up by HRH Lord Sir Jacob Rees Mogg, interviewers will only be allowed to agree with their guests, and of course Remainers won’t be allowed to take part.
BBCNEWS 6:28am BREXIT DEAL VOTE 7. MP5 will be allowed to 'able amendments to reshape deeL BREXIT DEAL VOTE 7. Many Conservative MP5...
what a total twat!
a dance floor comment on the chaos that is Brexit
Turn out the lights
Theresa May never even tried to kill off backstop, Arlene Foster claims
From speaking on your show today , I may run with the tag you gave me of being a: - Brexit Contortionist Never been called that before! #NoticeMe
Yanko Tihov, Europe 2019 (Blue Britain), 2019, | Europe 2019, a unique new map of Post-Brexit Europe from Tihov will be on display for the first time in January at London Art Fair. - #londonartfair #laf19 #artfair #yankotihiv #tagfinearts #contemporaryart
The #Countdown begins... #Brexit #ToriesOut
That’s Brexit!
Combined with the ascending trend of internet searches about 'Brexit', we assume most readers are exposed to neutral or pessimistic interpretations of today's related events.
A British lawmaker revealed Monday she is postponing the delivery of her child so that she can vote against the prime minister’s Brexit deal.
Leo V cant decide if he wants to b a Macron or Trudeo but he's def.not a.Trump no spine sees no need 2 fight 4 change should have sent Higgins on that useless vacacation abroad so he could stay here &amp; sort out BREXIT&amp; other important issues housing HC...
I say sod wetherspoons I will never go in one of T Martin's horrible pubs.
Insect collapse: ‘We are destroying our life support systems’ Brexit is about capitalism only. This is about our very existence. Why is no one worried?
May needs at least 320 votes to get her Brexit plan passed. Not looking likely according to the betting markets.
talking shite on LBC and being called out on it is delightful listening
There's another brexit vote today? I have *not* been following the news.
Caerphilly Council sets up £1 million contingency fund over Brexit disruption fears: #Caerphilly
Via : What is Europe’s media saying on the morning of the Brexit vote?
Up to date on current Markets? Here’s what to watch in European stocks today! #Stock #StockMarket #Markets #EuropeanStockMarket #Finance #Brexit via
. predicts a rise in the number of #British #cruise passengers despite uncertainty surrounding #Brexit. The British #Government and have also provided reassurances about #travel arrangements taking place after 29 March 2019. Read more:
To be fair, they do cover all the really important Brexit related issues:
Nothing compared to EU! Michael Gove warned MPs that a defeat for Theresa May’s Brexit plan would mean “winter is coming”.
Asia up (tax cuts?) &amp; Europe down (ongoing #Brexit balk blues) &amp; US open flat (ish). Banks $JPM $WFC disappoint, PPI CPI Meh, Mkts moving on data- biz media (CNBC) says stop it. S&amp;P 2584 start. Gold $1291 flat on Dollar stall (DXY mid 95's stall). 10 yr yield 2.7%- little change
If anyone’s holding Meaningful Vote parties, don’t start the drinking too early - there are four amendments to be voted on before DIVISIIIIION CLEAR THE LOBBIES kicks off the main event at about 2000 UK / 2100 CET. #Brexit
One thing i have got out of the Brexit debate in Parliament is confirmation that for MPs, facts are inconvenient and need to be suppressed by bullshit.
Thank God he told us.
It sure does!!!!
I voted remain, but can we stop pretending Bercow is fair &amp; impartial on Brexit? He isnt. I mean, I'll take it, but he clearly isnt.
Lock the door and never let him leave.
#BREAKINGNEWS Government loses Brexit vote. You heard it here first!!!
This will be buried by the Brexit vote, coincidence? anyone?
Indeed. I completely understand why Remainers/second referendum fans are voting against the withdrawal agreement, also Labour, but pro-Brexiters ... strange times.
It's quite interesting when you listen to people talking about brexit. The reasons remainers want to stay in the EU seems to be concerned with personal reasons. With leave it always boils down to the belief that it is best for the country. I wonder who the patriots are. . .?
It was just an open access poll on their website - see below. Presumably has just been hijacked by whoever. It's idiotic for them to report it as meaningful
I’m not piling on Theresa May &amp; Brexit, but at this point in my life I should be able to cut an English Muffin in half without destroying it. Damn those nooks and crannies! #BrexitVote #TheresaMay #English #muffins
For avoidance of doubt if I was a MP I would vote for May's deal. It has flaws for sure but does deliver Brexit, albeit over a period of time, it avoids no deal and is not a hard Brexit and soft enough to be palatable. The risk of no Brexit or no deal is just too big otherwise.
a dance floor comment on the chaos that is Brexit
How Wales' MPs will vote in the meaningful vote on Theresa May's Brexit deal tonight
Boris Johnson dismisses #Brexit claims of Jaguar Land Rover boss
's RallyPoint: Equity Trading Daily is out! Stories via #brexit
Watch a live snake on air
I hope they keep to their word
For those of you obsessed with money: BRITAIN will be richer under Brexit.
Not just splits in family but friends too - I just want a Labour government asap for the best way forward!
I'm sort of hoping this is because you were so enraged by our Brexit conversation.
Just walked past #parliament amid all the #Brexit crowds. Never, ever, seen anything like this before. And then walks passed, so it wasn't all bad !
Krispy Kremes in one hand, military-grade assault rifle in the other. It's Brexit day.
We are also being told how food prices will increase. Remember EC has the most expensive food prices due largely to protective tariffs and the high cost of CAP. British farming is cheaper. Food will not be in short supply. Project Fear is not real.
To be fair out of all the southern clubs borehamwood seems a good candidate to support a hard Brexit
#brexit Geoffrey Cox hints Theresa might hold a 2nd Parliament #brexitvote after tonight's expected defeat. So, if they're allowed to change their mind + have another chance, there's no reason why THE PEOPLE cannot do what's and have a #peoplesvote to #stopbrexit
Well said Roger!!
Views on Brexit End Games
Boreham Wood FC goes full hard Brexit, for some reason. #BrexitVote
A look at timings for Britain's crucial Brexit vote (Yahoo) #ICC #CgAn
#TheNastyParty doing their very best work!
Just heard in Wilkinson's: "We must buy toilet rolls, before the #Brexit vote goes wrong." And they did. #priorities
Live Briefing: Brexit Vote: Parliament to Decide on E.U. Withdrawal Plan
It's brexit day
Thoughts about #Brexit. 65.6million in UK in 2016, 17.4 million voted leave. How is 26.5% representative of British views?
Profit = Price – Cost. We help you reduce Cost, therefore your Profit increases (&amp; output too) Call Us, see how to beat those #Brexit blues.
Hilarious Ken Clarke. His bullshit no longer sticks, please tell him somebody. He stands to defend May’s Remainer WA and spends 15 mins conflating Donald Trump with Brexit. Clarke is one of the causes of Brexit. Detached, aloof, deaf, blind.
Far too late for all this. Is she trying to cobble together some kind of national unity government? Let's hope not.
EU preparing to delay Brexit until at least July lengthier extension could be offered at a later date should a general election or second referendum be called
How can you blame the worldwide down turn to Brexit do your homework.
Posted...
Eh? I support Soubey and Umunna’s Brexit position and hopefully by the end of the week, Corbyn will too! Throwing out lessons? What are you talking about?
The stench of burning rubbish is noticeable all the way from Bristol
Anyone who considers themselves democratic must distance themselves from any talk of no Brexit or a 2nd referendum. For the sake of TRUE DEMOCRACY there must be a FULL/COMPLETE BREXIT for at least 15 years. The ONLY options are either a temp semi/soft Brexit or a FULL/HARD BREXIT
No democracy is allowing people to rethink and for new voters to have their say on the issue of Brexit, that all those dead Brexiteers wanted to deprive them of. How can decisions made by dead people, be held valid by those still living especially the young?
The Real News™
Irish passport application: How to apply for an Irish passport in the UK and are you eligible after Brexit?
As long as one of those jobs is yours, I think we’d manage.
Sorry won this one and made a fool out of ! It was obvious from OB’s face that he was trying to be bloody minded but he didn’t succeed in quashing JRM. OB’s a sad #Remainer in the final ‘death throes’ before #Brexit
Thank goodness we are leaving.
Us on brexit:
DRAG HIM O'BRIEN
It works either way. I am intrigued by the Let's go WTO. To see such love for a 'globalist' organisation explodes all the myths about sovranism in the Brexit vote.
Today is Brexit decision day: Shortly after 7 p.m. Tuesday evening… #burgers #cooking
Scrolling through Twitter and the news is Brexit, Brexit, Brexit, Trump, Brexit, and...
Because brexit shouldn’t happen, people just voted it cuz there racist uneducated mongholes, and they have realised that
THIS IS IMPORTANT! Brexit is meant to "Take Back Control". But nobody can agree on how or for whom. So go back to the people and ask what happens next? A small trial poll gave a surprise result. Now needs larger sample. &gt;&gt; PLEASE VOTE &amp; RT &lt;&lt;&lt; #A50 #Remain #Leave #PeoplesVote
Taking a break from talking about world news today, to focus on #Brexit What have I missed?
If you're being over-ruled by the likes of Liz Truss and Gavin Williamson and you're not putting them back in their soft-play area, something has gone very wrong in your life,
Surely Oliver Letwin too has been bending his mighty intellect, in a secret location, for the past year??
Nicola be careful. Nigel Farage worshipers are on the rampage on twitter today because they know that Brexit is DOA!
An apt name considering the Tories have cocked up Brexit "Geoffrey Cox"
Anyone who considers themselves democratic must distance themselves from any talk of no Brexit or a 2nd referendum. For the sake of TRUE DEMOCRACY there must be a FULL/COMPLETE BREXIT for at least 15 years. The ONLY options are either a temp semi/soft Brexit or a FULL/HARD BREXIT
If you are negotiating, make sure you take David with you. He´s done an amazing job negotiating Brexit for us
Global stocks slump but pound prospers before Brexit vote
a dance floor comment on the chaos that is Brexit
It's an impossible case, cannot become free trade agreement to the rest of the world: Kenneth Clarke, Conservative Party #BrexitVote #Brexit
should i transfer all my money to Malaysia now? haha #Brexit
Is this over the Brexit veto threat because of Gibraltar?
As would mine, that said, I'm sure she has had medical advice. And good on her. Oxygen thief #DianeAbbott "had a headache" when it came to the article 50 vote. Not to vote on an issue that big is inexcusable and no-one can take seriously while this hypocrite is an MP.
“Some nice European music for you!” Shouts the driver of this rather splendid vehicle while provocatively circling Parliament Square. #brexit
Reminder that it’s only necessary because of Con Brandon Lewis’ betrayal of a pairing agreement with LibDem Jo Swindon in July - we need proxy votes for maternity leave and other circs.
MPs need to trust the voters and have confidence in Britain's ability to thrive after Brexit
The office of Harrogate Tory MP Andrew Jones sidesteps receiving petition on Brexit today. His office said they would be open, but when the group arrived at his office a note in window said it was closed for staff training: typical cowardly Tory avoidance tactic.
Too bad they were mutes before. We will talk POST Brexit. Not before.
The world is watching and wondering, how such party's can competently manage UK Plc. Where any strengths are for when they have to negotiate with UK How do YOU think will be viewed?
D-Day in Westminster as Brexit vote arrives
Interesting that she didn't even bother to deny her lies about respecting previous referenda
Just spoke to #Dutch friend who says many of her friends there feel personally betrayed by the Brits decision to leave #EU It has reached the individual level not just political. #Trend among EU neighbours or one-off? #brexit #holland #netherlands #amsterdam #FBPE #PeoplesVote
So, when they make the sequel to the Brexit movie... who is playing Geoffrey Cox?
Britain is on the brink of its biggest ever decision in 100’s of years and your running with gunshots in Nairobi. NO INTERESTED !!! BREXIT is surely our sole concentration today !!!
$UKX - LONDON MARKETS: FTSE 100 Clings To Gains As London Investors Await Crucial Brexit Vote
not the people who voted Brexit and are appalled at her behaviour
How could the Brexit vote impact the Pound GBPUSD? A look ahead to tonight and a bit longer term -from me and
Wells Fargo, JP Morgan and Brexit Vote Challenge US Stock Markets Today #cryptocurrency #altcoin
Friday 18 Jan is the deadline to apply for ECMT permits for hauliers operating in the EU. See below for more information. #ECMT, #permits, #HGV, #brexit
I’m confused what’s happening with Brexit now ???
Another depressing and long day of Brexit ahead calls for only one thing, a cup of tea and 's "Be More Kind" #Brexit # Trump #NowPlaying
There are so many illegals working in the UK, if this had been addressed properly instead of ignored, I believe Brexit may not have won the vote.
$UKX - LONDON MARKETS: FTSE 100 Clings To Gains As London Investors Await Crucial Brexit Vote
No-deal Brexit: Britons in France could be forced to retake driving tests
Update to the Brexit WTO Petition.
a dance floor comment on the chaos that is Brexit
There you have it. Amazing what two months of negative growth in Germany will do. Next month will be there 3rd = recession. They will pull Juncker into line.
I’m just using the brexit terminology. So why do you think it was so hard to negotiate with Eu?
Looking at the amendments selected by the Speaker and the machinations of Remainers in parliament - THIS deal is looking even more likely to be the only way of ensuring Brexit!
Through the Gaps! - Newlyn Fishing News: Tension mounts in France and European fishing countries ahead of the Brexit vote.: #shoplocal
The biggest question I need answering in this #brexitdebate is who the hell is that sitting behind wearing a rust coloured suit. #brexit #rusty
James O'Brien's Unmissable Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote
Brexit Vote: Parliament to Decide on E.U. Withdrawal Plan (New York Times)
Guess needs updating after #brexit..
Unbelievable #GFA
How is letting people change their mind undemocratic? Especially now we know the details on brexit
good luck in brexit everyone!
This country is a frustrating, chaotic place, pervaded by rampant corruption and rent-seeking - but its vibrant culture and irrepressible spirit has captured my heart. I still have hope for the beautiful people of the UK
Why can't everyone be normal people like the two young women on #PoliticsLive who are committed to staying best friends and in no way whatsoever let their opposing views on Brexit affect their relationship? Instead most people are just (insert desired expletive). #Brexit
A General Election would be equally divisive and wouldn’t solve any of the problems surrounding Brexit.
Just got a text off my top mucka saying “ you fancy going to a #Brexit march this weekend pal? What a fucking plum that man is, if I wanted to be surrounded by wankers I’d spend more time with him. Nob
a dance floor comment on the chaos that is Brexit
The "sunlit uplands"of #Brexit #Foodrationing.
I'm from the United States, but that doesn't change the fact that, at one time, there was a militarized border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland.
And you’ve added to it by not standing for a #PeoplesVote and wanting another election. You have never stood firm on #Brexit my days with #Labour are numbered whilst you are the leader
Feeling worn out by #Brexit? Why not listen to retired family doctor Liam Farrell talk about his road back from addiction. It’s much more fun and uplifting than it sounds! #IrishMed iTunes: Spotify:
Friend: so do you know any know any none rude insults Me *cracks knuckles* Me: i hope you get cramp Me: I hope you get an impossible crease in your blouse Me: i hope your relationship ends like brexit Friend: ... Me: too much? Friend ... yeah. Just a bit...
PM May's Brexit deal looks set to be roundly rejected by British lawmakers, with many members of May's own party expected to vote against it.
Feeling thoughtful
This is fantastic! Crashed on my first attempt, unsurprisingly when May became PM, but got my (crippled) #BrexitBus to the end on the second try in 94 s. Loving the music, too. #BrexitBusGame #BrexitShambles #MeaningfulVote #MeaningfulLoss #RevokeA50 #StopBrexitSaveBritain #FBPE
Rejoining would worse than being out as we would be rejoining without any of our opt-outs - that would open our borders exposing the #UK to the free movement of #Terrorists, and be forced to adopt the failure #Euro. #Brexit
Is this the latest Brexit Secretary? Jesus, I thought was bad... #BrexitChaos
Bigotry rules in this country ... fuck all we can do about it. Look at the Brexit shite
Brexit Wood FC
“Remainers are right that voters know more now than we did in 2016. We know just how ruthless the EU is. We know the liberal elite holds us in contempt. And we know that voting for Brexit was the most sensible thing we ever did” We need to leave and leave now!
a dance floor comment on the chaos that is Brexit
Where every Tory MP stands on Brexit: the full list
This was incredible
Timeline of key events leading up to Brexit vote
Yesterday the voted 321-152 for the motion to reject a 'no deal' Brexit and to regret the terms of the government deal 1/3
So Neil Warnock has come out in support of #Brexit... Makes you wonder, how much money does he have stashed away in off shore tax havens?
May needs at least 320 votes to get her Brexit plan passed. Not looking likely according to the betting markets.
Just imagine if Meghan dares to breastfeed the baby while foreign and not 100% Caucasian. No need to worry about post-Brexit energu crises, we will be kept toasty warm by the cheerful glow of self-combusting DM readers.
I keep saying exactly this. Pointless.
This would be funny if it weren’t so true - replace the word French with a choice of ‘immigrants’, ‘Germans’, ‘Muslims’ and you have summed up most Brexiteers.
BBCNewsnight: RT BBCPolitics: Since WW2: "The largest defeat for any PM… Westminster has under-priced the seriousness of what is about to happen: Two or three weeks of absolute turmoil” journalist SamCoatesTimes ahead of Tuesday #Brexit vote #polit…
Very well put #brexit
Brexit Reality..
You mean Brexit isn’t a man jumping head first into a bin? I need to re-evaluate.
My favourite Brexit sign: For *U*K's sake STOP BREXIT
A vermut sitting by the window in Casa Ciriaco to forget the Brexit shenanigans for a while... #Madrid
What a load of tosh - and inaccurate too #Brexit #BWFC
Because I think our MPs are trying to find way, through negotiations, to ditch Brexit. Joanna was floating one idea as to how this might be done, but reaction has not been encouraging. Must be frustrating for our MPs to have their attempts to achieve indy derided like this.
If you think is making the wrong decision in backing the Brexit deal, then support our campaign for a #PeoplesVote and to #ExitFromBrexit here:
Can I put forward my Brexit Plan to the country? Here we go. The Prime Minister pays back every penny she and her govt have cost our country out of her own pocket then resign or face jail
Theresa May 'Did Not Even Ask Brussels To Scrap The Backstop', Arlene Foster Claims
a dance floor comment on the chaos that is Brexit
On the cusp of tonight's historic vote, Dr Cameron reiterates that disabled people cannot continue to be overlooked in the Brexit process. The rights and wellbeing of all must be protected and furthered as we move forward.
Deal or no deal? Theresa May’s Brexit vote, explained.
Spider-man, can you stop Brexit? Thanks.
Doesn't the guy behind Ineos support Brexit ? Any idea what he's been offered by the Portuguese government ?.
Not if the cake is a toxic pile of festering pile of toxic sewage. Then no cake is definitely better.
UK Parliament set for big Brexit vote today, and confronting consumerism in 'Katamari' and KonMari.: A Digg Edition
BBCNEWS 6:29am BREXlT DEAL VOTE. EU: Backstop will apply for 'as short a time as possible' I BREXIT DEAL VOTE. The UK is due to leave...
Clarke says revoke A50 then invoke it again later (though admits he will vote against it again). Cox says revoking A50 can only be done if Govt plans to cancel Brexit.
Good
We won't.
She has little choice but to resign. She is dead in the water and holed below the water line
Northern Ireland prepares for worst-case Brexit scenario
Easily the best dissection today.
Doesn’t that just always happen? Tsk.
I have been traveling all over Europe. I know Switzerland, Austria, Germany, France &amp; Sweden well. They are not suffering from inequality &amp; poverty like the UK is. It's not a European problem - it's a UK govt problem. And it's only going to get worse with #Brexit. 3/
His id gets Brexit. Seems about right.
Please retweet thank you #WeNeedAGeneralElection and #JC4PM2019
What. A. Cunt.
a dance floor comment on the chaos that is Brexit
Brexit is an extremely talented, twice Academy Award winning actor?
Full #Brexit coverage on the News at 5:30 and an hour-long News at 8 special.
Will these evil, bloody Tories never stop??
Ken Clarke is absolutely correct - if the UK government had enforced the rules and regulations surrounding freedom of movement correctly many of the issues that led to Brexit would never have occurred
13 here. Got the fee wrong on settled and pre-settled status, and African Swine Fever. If you need any pointers on this Brexit lark, give me a shout.
Oh shit it’s Brexit day today? Yikes. Britain’s doomed.
Err yes you have.... we went into EEC on a referendum which you are now overturning.
Wells Fargo, JP Morgan and Brexit Vote Challenge US Stock Markets Today - #brexit #citibank #citigroup #jamie #dimon #jim #cramer #jpmorgan #chase #us #stock #markets #wells #fargo
Watching the #brexit debate...
a dance floor comment on the chaos that is Brexit
Hmmm. Parker repeatedly says he's going to "Europe", yet this trailer clearly shows London. Stephen, what does this mean for Brexit?
Brexit hasnt happened yet - or have I missed something
Bookies say 11-1 Brexit bill passes May short 100 votes (give or take)
The idea from the last #lbc caller that you are either pro-European OR pro-British highlights the underlying Brexit narrative; they see a conflict. They constantly talk like it's a war. I'm pro-European, because I'm Pro-British. It isn't a choice and it isnt a war. #PeoplesVote
"Michael Gove" Politicians have a license to lie; it's called 'rhetoric'. They lied about Iraq having WMDs, the many Brexit lies should come as no surprise.
German businesses watch Brexit with bated breath
Opposition to what? Brexit? No sadly not.
Sorry, I've just stopped laughing. Let me give it another listen and revert. This is honestly priceless. Well done . I tip my hat to your Sir. And stick to humiliating less informed members of the public for your remoaner #brexit diatribe ratings. #lbc
Jumping on the Brexit bandwagon from day one for the sole reason of strengthening ‘the union’ has been the biggest strategic political mistake for generations. #Think32
Brexit midfield is inevitable now.
Their Swamp is as DEEP as ours&amp;gt;
Are you planning any marketing campaigns specifically in response to #Brexit? #marketingstrategy #SuperchargeYourDM #TuesdayThoughts
How will the result of today's vote on Theresa May's Brexit deal impact the negotiations? Here's an earlier analysis on what is at stake: #BrexitVote
PM's Brexit speech changed after Welsh devolution claim disproved – The Guardian
PM's Brexit speech changed after Welsh devolution claim disproved – The Guardian
Brilliant speech by Kenneth Clarke. #brexit
*Strolls late into Twitter, pulls up a seat*. So Brexit, then. All basically fine?
Post Brexit, Ireland will be expected to accept the migrants the Brits don't want#aretheredirectflightsbetweenirelandandafrica
Tories are responsible for all the above and for Brexit, I don’t understand your point? Because of all you mentioned, the last thing I want to do is give Tories more power in a weaker economy, doesn’t that worry you?
That's only if you want yer brexit hard.
Wells Fargo, JP Morgan and Brexit Vote Challenge US Stock Markets Today -
a dance floor comment on the chaos that is Brexit
UK parliament holds Brexit debate before crucial vote
I agree, Corbyn has done remarkably well to allow the Tories the space to destroy themselves and deliver blow after blow through votes that the government has lost. Some in the people's vote brigade blame Corbyn for brexit so no changing their ridiculous mind?
We cannot revoke article 50 unless we provide evidence to the EU that we are cancelling Brexit says
Tell it like it is
Remind them WHO they work for
Conservative Harborough MP says he will be backing the Prime Minister's Brexit deal in tonight's key vote - more on Hfm News
I think this is the most topical work at the London Art Fair, 'More in Europe: Europe 2019' by Bulgarian-British artist Yanko Tihov. #brexit #remain #bluepassport @ Business Design Centre
Has Mr Clark forgotten what referendum vote, people voted LEAVE.
FWIW the betting markets also got Brexit vote wrong...
2 questions on the same subject, that’s how you do it: Do you want to - remain in the EU? Yes or no. - accept the withdrawal agreement? Yes or no. Tie-breaker question in case of 2x yes: which do you prefer? (EU or withdrawal agreement) 2x no = exit without agreement. #Brexit
Ministers meet over fallout in event of hard Brexit via
Senior remain-supporting Tories want to stop a no-deal Brexit – but experts on parliamentary procedure are warning that their options are limited
Just had another non-answer from Lords #Brexit minister Lord Callanan on passing of SI’s. I asked if they intended to complete all Brexit SI’s by 29/3/19. The reply says all ‘required’ SI’s will be ‘brought forward’ by ‘exit day’. Interestingly it does not say when that might be?
Did you try the vegan sausage roll? I understand it infuriates .
You have two years to come up with a plan you know will be rejected. Wow!!
First time I've listened to to him for months......he's not changed, still shouty when he's being schooled, piss poor interview. Well done , gave him a chance to shine and he blew it. #LBC
suggests that the #Brexit referendum may have been perceived as a vote against migration in general, rather than against intra-EU migration. Read more on our #MediaFreedom Resource Centre: Photo (Mick Baker)rooster, CC BY-ND 2.0
PM May's Brexit deal looks set to be roundly rejected by British lawmakers, with many members of May's own party expected to vote against it.
This house needs shutting down to nothing more than a farce full of apparatchiks
list the benefits of #brexit i've got all afternoon
Opinion: Irish Americans Will Not Accept Brexit Dividing Ireland Once Again
Popular delusion of Remainers is that the UK somehow matters in the EU any more than 25 others It's a Germany / France axis, and that's perfectly OK. We just don't want to be in it. Poor Ken. Another young Remainer whose future has been snatched away by Brexit
Doesn't happen often, but I agree with Steve Rotheram.
"I'm not a facist but I would vote for the genocide of six million Jews and a war that kills over 70 million people before I give up on Brexit" Jesus Greg, sit the fuck back down.
Good luck Madame Prime Minister!
I don't recall seeing Boris, Rees Mogg or any other of the pro Brexit Tories stepping up to the plate
Don't remember WTO/Hard Brexit ever being discussed during the referendum Jacob.
Theresa May facing crunch vote on her Brexit deal
And yet we’re meant to lose our shit over Parliament being able to amend a government motion.
a dance floor comment on the chaos that is Brexit
Wouldn't it be good to ask for a confirmation given also the impact to the future generations? Please also note this is what Brexit campaigners said prior to the referendum “In a 52-48 referendum this would be unfinished business by a long way."
UK parliament holds Brexit debate before crucial vote
GBP Price Prediction: British Pound Jumps on Growing Backing for PM May's Brexit Deal Ahead of ...
Is Brexit affecting Lancashire's economy already?
LIVE uitzending Brexit-vote
This is a great little tool for us political nerds, shows clearly just how impossible it is for May to win this vote #BrexitVote #BrexitShambles
Much like this poll, what will it achieve? Corbyn is pro-brexit too
Research predicts Theresa May’s Brexit bill will suffer biggest government defeat EVER
WHOEVER UNFOLLOWED ME THANKS A LOT U BUM IT WASNT EVEN ME TWEETING ABOUT DUMB BREXIT SO FOLLOW ME BACK pls
Life after Brexit
Feeling curious
And not a word of (Yellow. Vest) riots across Europe in US news... #fakenews is real. Not reporting truths is fake news. #brexit #RestartMIGA
David Lammy is a comedy act Are we to blame David Lammy &amp; our parliament for debt, riots, homelessness, food banks, youth unemployment in Germany, France, Greece, Italy, Belgium, Holland The EU is destroying Europe because it only serves the nabobs of the Commission &amp; mega rich
BREXIT: WTO will be just fine for UK? WTF!! /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote
If we hold a new vote every time someone changes their mind on something, nobody would bother voting for anything! What would be the point?
A large part of blame lands squarely with a Labour Party secretly supporting brexit - largely overlooked but an insidious part of the lack of campaigning.
How the new, compassionate, post-#Windrush is totally changing the culture at the DWP
I would have to agree, it’s a clear fact that in ‘No Deal’ scenario a very real legal difference exists between EU &amp; UK so a de facto hard border comes into being. How you handle that is the question but you can’t ignore it which is what is being done!
Why should he allow him to peddle lies unchallenged? It’s his show.. he allowed him opportunities to back up his assertions but JRM merely tried to deflect and escape. Sad that you fall it... plus JRM personally stands to make millions from a no deal brexit.
a dance floor comment on the chaos that is Brexit
#leavemeansleave yes ladies leave means leave #brexit #Parliament
It is not in the interest of the Establishment to broadcast this important bit of news of possible re negotiation. Interesting to see what May's Plan B will be.
It's like, when you shoot yourself in the foot and it ricochets upward and takes out half your brain.. Here's a GIF of those who were celebrating Brexit..
This is what Brexit sounds like
Any mp who won’t leave in brexit take them to traitors gate
British PM faces defeat in historic Brexit deal vote
All the latest on the #Brexit vote throughout the day.
It is bizarre that for a "once in a generation" decision we are not allowed to review the decision or change our minds in light of further information. Such a stance is the opposite of what would be intelligent and rational with regard to such an important decision. #Brexit
"Eurogroup Chief Sees Room for More Talks to Avoid Hard Brexit" by REUTERS via NYT
In Parliament this afternoon for a meeting unrelated to #Brexit. Very lively outside &amp; will be glad to leave before voting starts this evening.
“Parliament to vote on May's Brexit deal”
Political paralysis looms as MPs dismiss cross-party Brexit plan via
Sylvia Hermon is right
So good to see Rees-Mogg pushed to say what good will come of Brexit and to explain the basis for his ridiculous claims. Amazed he was stupid enough to quote Minford though, well done for rattling him enough for him to slip.
Look for business flyer design ?Please contact
This is the other shoe yet to drop in understanding what subliminally is motivating all those wall builders in the U.S.A.. Got to keep out all those climate disaster refugees for whom the biggest climate change polluter will be responsible.
Parents who drag their kids to political demonstrations should read this.
dude brexit LMAO
The people of #Leeds North West agree that no deal is ever going to be better than the deal we have as EU members. Join the if you want a #peoplesvote
Here is your handy cut-out-&amp;-keep guide to lying cunts...
Listen to in one hour talking #Brexit on Listen LIVE here :
GBP/USD Technical Analysis: Cable en route to 1.2800 figure as Brexit cha... | #GBP #pound #uk #england #poundsterling #forex #fx #trading #trade #livetradenews #trader
Pregnant MP Tulip Siddiq delays child birth for Brexit vote
Never thought I would side with a Tory, But is the main voice of reason on this whole #Brexit mess.
Dear Mike you take the knocks but here's a Thank you Excellent service 1125 Athena Charleroi Brussels again (keep talking with your social partners) #openskies #Brexit #PeopleVote
I liked a video Parliament debates and votes on May's Brexit deal – watch live
You keep tweeting this rubbish. It is nowhere near Brexit, you are peddling Remain by another name. Shame on youbeteaying 17.4 Million voters, a lot of whom voted. Tory. Beware of the next election, you will suffer.
She would have no problem moving these soft customs borders to the Irish Sea then. That's how I would understand it from England. Gove couldn't tell Wales and Northern Ireland apart, she needs to patronising people closer to home where she can be told off
A hidden gem of a track from 1980 to take those Brexit blues away | Tim Maia - Nossa História de Amor |
“The only feasible way out is to say to people ‘ok, do you want this deal or do you want to remain in the European Union now that you know what #Brexit looks like’” - .
Saw the EU flag being flown in west Clare ahead of today's Brexit vote during my #100daysofwalking
These 16 differences between Brexit in 2016 and 2019 are terrible but so very funny The Poke - found via
Brexit amendment that might have limited PM's losses is rejected
"Tulip Siddiq has delayed a caesarean birth planned for today, the day of a crucial Brexit vote... because the British parliament does not allow proxy votes for those ill or incapacitated. Siddiq will arrive in a wheelchair for the vote before giving birth 2 days later."
on your advice then we need to cancel article 50. #Brexit
BERCOW’S SOLE AIM TO STOP BREXIT John Bercow all but guarantees a humiliating defeat for Theresa May
New article (Cabinet Source: May Could Resign if She Suffers Heavy Brexit Vote Defeat) has been published on The Daily Digest - #WalkAway
How I wish that even one US news/current affairs hosts were as direct and doggedly determined as
Tim, this line from John Mann is, I believe more where the commons will be...
Old but worth remembering. #Brexit #VoteItDown
The lies &amp; fraud of Brexit will shame forever
Oh, and one more fun fact about Boreham Wood - their chairman, who has just put these words into the mouths of the club's staff and supporters - has a conviction for the assault by beating of three women. It's always the nice ones who support Brexit somehow, isn't it?
a dance floor comment on the chaos that is Brexit
massive immigration from the Mid East and Africa, and its impact on local culture, was the reason for brexit. People got fed up with people from other counties telling them what they must do. That’s the reason for brexit.
The "meaningful vote": What is going to happen?
Can someone please check all the padded cells?
UK Parliament will debate four amendments before this evening's vote on Theresa May's Brexit deal:
Despite Brexit OMG!
Just when you thought the Conservative front bench couldn’t handle Brexit competently, up pops this from the Labour front bench....
Tory MP Kemi Badenoch sparks a furious row after she accuses of delaying her caesarean to 'make a point' on Brexit
Wow..... We actually pay these MP's!!!!!! He didn't answer anything. JRM is a disgrace.
U.K. Parliament Is Set for Big Vote on Brexit Today via
I added a video to a playlist Brexit 2: May &amp; Trump vs Truth, with Stephen Fry
I'm sure Rovers made a Brexit statement a while back
Total Brexit mate
Cabinet Source: May Could Resign if She Suffers Heavy Brexit Vote Defeat
The Minister for External Relations says the UK is committed to the interests of #JerseyCI in forthcoming #Brexit negotiations. This includes - but isn't limited to - customs, transport, trade and EU nationals settlement status #StatesAssembly
After a 20min informed, educated discussion on brexit. I got reduced to a 5 sec soundbite saying "we're not on the butter vouchers" on channel 4. (13 secs in) Any chance you fancy songifying it for the laugh? #GoOnUGoodThings
Can we just put Twitter in the bin until the Gilette advert outrage and Brexit stuff is over?
Yes I can see post Brexit is really going to go well.........
Brexit Vote: Parliament to Decide on E.U. Withdrawal Plan
Fuck them. Kick them OUT the party. We Dont want a red blue in party. We want TRUE SOCIALIST
Dreadful decision. Locking us into EU servitude if backstop happens. What is the inducement for EU to agree a good deal, despite the rubbish Juncker et al are spouting? Just look at Macron’s statement about fishing rights. Your constituents will never forgive you!
Just to point out to the Yellow Vest fascists. You are not the only angry ones. Us #Remainers have been remarkably calm and composed given the level of outright lies we've been forced to swallow. #PeoplesVote #StopBrexitSaveBritain
Mogg gets torn to bits in this interview
Wells Fargo, JP Morgan and Brexit Vote Challenge US Stock Markets Today
Listening to the UK parliament's Brexit vote debate - in my ideal world father of the house Kenneth Clarke would be our PM!
Anyone who considers themselves democratic must distance themselves from any talk of no Brexit or a 2nd referendum. For the sake of TRUE DEMOCRACY there must be a FULL/COMPLETE BREXIT for at least 15 years. The ONLY options are either a temp semi/soft Brexit or a FULL/HARD BREXIT
I saw this on The Sun app and thought you’d enjoy it The MPs who will and won’t vote for Theresa May’s Brexit deal on January 15
Well done Sunderland!
the change required in the uk is the political system no cover up as in the arron banks criminal investigation or into the lies told by the brexit team see below the tories only want the public to hear what they thik nor a fll impartial view, why is that
Of course Brexit is a lose lose!
What is this club? #CPFC
Like Brexit stay simple. Can I have it on the side of a bus?
Betty tells it like it is
Brexit Deal or No Deal - today's the day! via
Brexit und Burgerking
Who's arguing Labour would end austerity? They need to get to government first. A GE solves nothing because Labour are unlikely to win a majority while they support Brexit in my opinion
When you're ready to answer the simple qustion on what YOU want in terms on immigration controls, come back to me. Until then stop wasting my time. There's a serious issue for Ireland at a key stage today #brexit
Via : Live updates: British MPs prepare to vote on May’s Brexit deal
BBCNEWS 6:31am BREXIT DEAL VOTE. Prime Minister has called for politicians to back her deall' I ' BREXIT DEAL VOTE. It's widely...
The replies to this are incredible
a dance floor comment on the chaos that is Brexit
Come on, Terry. You and I know this has only ever been about two things. Brown people, and wealth. Brexit delivers fewer of one and much more of the other. #RevokeArticle50 to #StopBrexitNow
They’re so out of touch with reality.
It's Brexit day, otherwise known as Tuesday. But in Towers, we're going one further. Behold: #leathertuesday - but only if your name ends in "A". Charlie's Angels or just a case…
Err, I'm a bit out of the loop on this but is something happening today in #Parliament which is important for #Bristol? Some vote or something on #Brexit, whatever that is? #PeoplesVote
Equality and Human Rights Commission’s policies examined - News from Parliament - UK Parliament #BackTo60 #OneVoice #Brexit #GreyRage
Parliament at the Cliff-Edge | The Full Brexit
Government ‘sneaks out’ £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote
Rees-Mogg FIRES BACK at Susanna Reid - 'don't do down Brexiteers' intelligence!'
Also just been verbally assaulted by a leaver they are so aggressive the remainers are peaceful #Brexit #Westminster
a dance floor comment on the chaos that is Brexit
Big day today for #brexit.... so what do we think? Let us know if your business is prepared or unprepared
La banlieue de Liverpool, my childhood borough, scouse scepticism come through - well done Le Monde
Politics and potholes. Ideal TV watching for and
Anyone who considers themselves democratic must distance themselves from any talk of no Brexit or a 2nd referendum. For the sake of TRUE DEMOCRACY there must be a FULL/COMPLETE BREXIT for at least 15 years. The ONLY options are either a temp semi/soft Brexit or a FULL/HARD BREXIT
I saw this on The Sun app and thought you’d enjoy it Theresa May’s RAF plane on standby for Brussels dash as she fears Commons Brexit mauling
If you’re a Mathematician in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a disaster for you. If you live in Scotland then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this farce! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Everything you need to know about Brexit before MPs vote on Theresa May's deal today. #BrexitDeal
She’s not delivering Brexit she wrecking it, we need a new Brexiteer PM and a GE.
DO NOT forget the BREXIT vote later today.....
Don't forget Mr Brexit, Dennis Skinner ....
Please support a NO DEAL BREXIT the only way to free ourselves from the EU Cesspit of Corruption which created Zero Hours contracts, VAT, EU postal directive etc etc to name a few sufferings to UK people
I agree with every word he says. However Labour in Scotland has long since betrayed its own people. In Coalition with Tories on Councils just to block the SNP. Half a lifetime I voted Labour but never again. Brexit is surely destroying the union. Maybe it needs to happen?
EU confirms no UK MEPs means default Brexit 2 July latest. New ref ruled out by timescale via
#Brexit threat exposes frailties in UK debt markets, by in -
As the EU representative she is.....May HOPES TO KILL #Brexit for her banker masters. Amazing TREASON against the British people!! #BrexitVote
So disenfranchised with this bunch. Voted leave and would vote leave again. However, if you gave me an out and we could go back to before svineflukker called a vote on Brexit, I'd have him assasinated.
So yeah, when mum told me that, fukn hit me right in the feels. So when my time comes I hope I go like that, full of love for those around me. And I'm grateful I've people like in my life like that. I'll miss you both, Gran &amp; Grandpa. Anyway back to moaning about Brexit.. /FIN
Prepping for Brexit. Got my scented candle #Brexit #Preppers
Leave means LEAVE !!
a dance floor comment on the chaos that is Brexit
Britain's May faces defeat in parliament over #Brexit plan The vote is today.
Wells Fargo, JP Morgan and Brexit Vote Challenge US Stock Markets Today
What is happening with the Brexit deal vote today?
GOD WILLS IT
It could be a Tory rehearsal for the day after no-deal brexit.
Government 'sneaks out' £7,000 #pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote - The Independent
ASK BRITONS AS IT PERTAINS TO BREXIT!
May has warned fellow lawmakers that if her plan is rejected, then no Brexit at all, would be more the next more likely scenario, a result the PM called "catastrophic for democracy." #BrexitVote #brexitinbetweeners #BrexitShambles #TheresaMayDeal #GBP #UK #TuesdayMotivation
With the vote on Theresa May's #Brexit deal taking place today, data from 's Eikon shows how the sterling has performed in the last 24 hours ahead of the vote. #GBP $USD
Brexit just sounds like that breakfast meme that went around years ago
Very interesting observation, and so true.
Boreham Wood, as a football club, coming out as massively pro-Brexit is the last thing I expected today.
and all because duplicitous #TheresaMay broke her promise to hold the vote in December so she could cynically waste a month in the hope of having a better chance of ramming her blind #Brexit through. Disgrace
33,506 at last count
Feeling curious
Brexit and a new Spiderman trailer? I am never getting this report finished.
You might think that Brexit is big news but guess what; the new Spider-Man trailer is out! (I bet he would know how to get out of an airlock) #BrexitVote #airlock #SpiderManFarFromHome
Just when will the EU become the FU (Federal Union)? No doubt there will be a FU2 in the future. #Brexit
Everything Rees Mogg says is not true. The whole Brexit argument is based on lies that are never challenged because the facts are too complicated for people whose job is to understand them, never mind ordinary listeners.
ITS HAVE
god I LOVE how Germany have been reporting Brexit, it's so good.
Anyone who considers themselves democratic must distance themselves from any talk of no Brexit or a 2nd referendum. For the sake of TRUE DEMOCRACY there must be a FULL/COMPLETE BREXIT for at least 15 years. The ONLY options are either a temp semi/soft Brexit or a FULL/HARD BREXIT
The #Dunkirkspirit was when #Britain along with the rest of the #BritishEmpire held out against fascism. Today this #Dunkirkspirit is in the aid of a #Brexit that is aligning Britain with Trump, Putin, Bolsonaro, LePenn and AFD.
all the snowflakes can get lost. Yes, while I'm sure there's a commercial/branding element to this ad, I don't care. If you say it often enough, people will start to listen. If it worked with the Trump/Brexit bullshit, let's hope this time it works for the greater good
British PM faces defeat in historic Brexit deal vote
SNP will vote against the withdrawal agreement, support a #PeoplesVote and make it clear that they wish to remain a European nation. We know what that means. If the UK exits the EU it is likely to cease to be the UK shortly thereafter. #StopBrexit #FBPE
Must get on to real negotiations, in no position to sort it out by March 29. It is impossible to sought an alternative to the Brexit agreement: Kenneth Clarke, Conservative Party #BrexitVote #Brexit
NBCNews: PM May's Brexit deal looks set to be roundly rejected by British lawmakers, with many members of May's own party expected to vote against it.
"Go get me the BREXIT WTO declaration!"
That’s the take you’re going with, Julia? Not quite “brown women bad!” a la Liddle but don’t think we don’t see you Coz we see you, Julia
Purely to extend their cushy existence!#eugravytrain
British pound on Tuesday inched up ahead of the Brexit vote. Here’s the FULL story. #Forex #Brexitvote #ChinaTaxCuts #dollar #FederalReserveRateHike #FinanceBrokerageNews #GlobalGrowthSlowdown #BankofChina #Pound
Genuine question: At what point does an MP who, in full knowledge, votes to restrict their constituents’ rights and to cause them long-term financial losses become personally liable in law for those harms? Asking in relation to the ongoing #Brexit votes
But that MP chap, what's his name again, said we were all entitled to an Irish passport, didn't he? #Brexitshambles
It’s a very Tory thing and it’s always been, it is now and goes beyond Brexit. It’s not a surprise to me. I’m alright Jack. Schools, healthcare, jobs, security, safety, gated homes, contacts ; it’s all there for the ignorant and monied, accessible with fees and a handshake.
I stand by my words
Also I think the hysteria about radical left whiffs of whataboutery. I don't remember the radical left swinging the Brexit vote or murdering an MP.
You haven't been listening to your voters. A genuine Brexit would have increased your majority next time.
Post brexit Britain
Oldie but goodie
Ah, easy, go to Brexit on the Wackopedia website, ignore Norway + button and hit Norway (Small People), it's all there!
#brexit am I right fellas?
#brexit reflection: Charactersitics of effective board Clarity/Unity of purpose and it's the right one, right people working in right way and finally right and robust process. Compare and contrast!
Has anyone thought of bringing back Challenge Anneka to deal with Brexit?
Maybe Corbyn's prolonged vagueness on Brexit is not a matter of 27 dimension chess strategy, but rather an effort to avoid making everyone aware of his continuing inability to understand the specifics?
To say nothing of the much vaunted £350 Million for the NHS - which instead is being destroyed by #BrexitShambles &amp; I do re-call Jacob saying if #Brexit Fails he will leave the UK - now thats what I call a Win/Win for #Remain
No Deal Leavers and Remainers are still no closer to explaining the Brexit referendum, says James Kirkup
David Mundell is TOTALLY shameless. NO integrity. "We'll re-run the Brexit vote until we get the result we want"
I’ve never figured out why Mr. Tim Spoons cares so much about Brexit.
Here's a possibly slightly panic-stricken curve-ball: Will an Irish driving licence still be acceptable to use to drive on UK roads post-Brexit (particularly if there's a no-deal Brexit)? I'm assuming it will, but does anyone have a definitive answer?
Today Parliament goes to vote on Prime Minister May’s proposed exit agreement. But what will Brexit mean for the European security environment? Join discussions at the next annual Chatham House Security and Defence conference - early rate ends Friday:
Not a single person voted for the nebulous word "Brexit". 17,410,742 voted "to leave the EU". The Remain government, which instigated and ran the Peoples' Vote, said that leaving meant No SM NO CU No ECJ GET ON WITH IT #WTOBrexit
About 34% ahead of 'stop brexit' as it happens.
I think you’re spot on with the reasons for Brexit and why people voted for it. It’s disingenuous though to suggest that Brexit will lead to a fairer and more equal society.
May rattles on about 'our precious united kingdom' but it's her policy and incompetence that is the biggest threat to continuance of UK.
We all make mistakes and Esther is no exception - she was wrong while at Work and Pensions, very wrong. But she is right now.
Via : Britain will enter ‘political and constitutional turmoil’ if Commons rejects Brexit deal
that's a load of crap it was clearly stated we would be leaving the single market and customs union.#cameron sent leaflet to every household in #uk explaining so! #brexit #moron
Best #Brexit joke I’ve seen so far
Ouch! hits the bullseye with this one! #BrexitShambles
interesting #Parliament #Brexit
My favourite Brexit sign: FOR *U*K's SAKE STOP BREXIT
They just want power !!!
Anyone who considers themselves democratic must distance themselves from any talk of no Brexit or a 2nd referendum. For the sake of TRUE DEMOCRACY there must be a FULL/COMPLETE BREXIT for at least 15 years. The ONLY options are either a temp semi/soft Brexit or a FULL/HARD BREXIT
pulled two trades today out of fear of the brexit news , would rather be safe than sorry tonight ... 1.32r overall , will be interesting to see what happens tonight
When you resort to impersonating the person you're interviewing it's not a must watch, it's rude and puerile.
Wells Fargo, JP Morgan and Brexit Vote Challenge US Stock Markets Today
I'm in awe of the emotional journey that some of our MPs have gone on since 2016. Must be difficult thinking that we shouldn't leave the single market in 2016 but then the facts emerging and persuading you that actually anything less than no-deal Brexit is treachery
You manufacture electrical components &amp; employ 10 staff none of whom require a visa to work in the UK. You don't think Brexit will impact on your business. Come to our free seminar this month to find out if you are correct: #manufacturing #Brexit
Brexit amendment that might have limited PM's losses is rejected
Unbelievable complacency. If ever there was an example of someone voting for #Brexit not knowing what they were voting for it is this man.
Neither business nor the country, (shouldn't that be UK), should be under an obligation to respect the #Brexit referendum result when #leave campaign was drenched in dark money, information warfare and has broken the law. #Democracy demands we hold ourselves to a better standard.
Its all got uber surreal...the other day I had the chorus from Royal Opera house belting out Beethoven's 9th behind me....
Thank you - if we tolerate the lies over Brexit then we are entering Trumpland. We cannot let these people win.
Is it too late for your biggest ever “Challenge Anneka”? #Brexit
The public voted for them.
Wells Fargo, JP Morgan and Brexit Vote Challenge US Stock Markets Today
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
Such a sensible speech making much sense!
When's the Brexit vote
"It is difficult to see how Prime Minister can bring the #Brexit deal back to Parliament without any changes" - Open Europe's told
Google Doodle pays homage to the man who introduced Indian food to GB (Sake Dean Mohammed) on the very same day the Brexit vote is supposed to happen. To whoever is behind this: I salute you.
I would have far less of an issue with Brexit if someone could give me a single, factual reason as to how it's going to benefit us. Anybody? Facts?
Really does go to show that how you ask the question is important. I’ve seen many Remainerssaying that there’s overwhelming support for #Bref2.
If Parliament vote against May’s Brexit deal, we have wasted TWO years on weak negotiations and deals. She’ll have to extend Article 50 regardless, making us look completely incompetent.
Two quick hot takes: 1) how about the UK just doesn't Brexit 2) how about the US doesn't build a wall We just rewind things a bit 3 years before extremism took hold it the mainstream and sold diversity as a bad thing.
Could VAT be cut in the wake of Brexit?
It can , and bills have been reversed in the past , however I can’t think of one that has been reversed so soon after it was voted in favour of, and I can’t see it happening before Brexit Day. Long &amp; short , the deal must be voted down for Brexit to be avoided.
Of course I meant
Ken Clarke, folks. Just effectively stated that he wanted to cancel Brexit and didn't really care what the people think.
must go no deal is real brexit
A hidden gem of a track from 1980 to take those Brexit blues away | Tim Maia - Nossa História de Amor |
Wells Fargo, JP Morgan and Brexit Vote Challenge US Stock Markets Today (via Twitter
I saw this on The Sun app and thought you’d enjoy it Many MPs will defy democracy today and send 17.4m Brexit voters a very disturbing message – ‘know your place, plebs’
Brexit doesn’t happen in the MCU because repeated space invasions cause people to look towards more intranational arrangements.
The British people should get the final say on the Brexit deal, with the option to remain in the EU. Agree? Add your name:
Anyone who considers themselves democratic must distance themselves from any talk of no Brexit or a 2nd referendum. For the sake of TRUE DEMOCRACY there must be a FULL/COMPLETE BREXIT for at least 15 years. The ONLY options are either a temp semi/soft Brexit or a FULL/HARD BREXIT
Interesting story. If you want a Honda there may be delays
We will be watching, listening &amp; learning.
Greens fighting desperately for both relevance and neoliberal economics.
This is exactly the reason why we have Brexit in the first place. A large proportion of MPs and government don't list to the electorate or the issues of the biggest proportions of society
My thoughts are now with what happens in Britain. It can be quite strange, I am a Latin American that supports Brexit. Why? Simply because I think the UK has a lot of potencial outside of a federal Europe, it has links with the world and can make the best of it.
Typically BBC balanced team then. Even by its current standards this beggars belief.
Dear Friends in UK #WeWantYouToStay ... and, hey, stop creating brain-fog in voter’s heads. Your gambling w/ words, expressions, syntaxes etc pretends you are an expert in #Brexit. You are not. Nobody is. Go for 2nd referendum. #Remain #EU
Yes, we need high-iq immigration.
Thankfully I haven't had any enquiries this week. Probably awaiting tonight
'We must get on to the real negotiations,' Ken Clarke: Pragmatism and common sense requires us to vote for this agreement.' #Brexit
Well, we don’t even have to wait that many years to adequately construe the crumbling grounds of #brexit ...
Those like you though who will vote against it in the hope Brexit will be thwarted or to get themselves in power are despicable. By the way , a GE won't get your arse into number ten,if anything a GE would see UKIP in power..
Two-thirds of European engineers and scientists working in the UK have considered leaving the country because of Brexit
Why should we have to grit our teeth? I was told brexit was wonderful and we'd be better off
Why do these mp belive that a deal has to be done right away, and not after the fact like a trade deal can be done a few years down the line, so short sighted #BrexitVote #Brexit #Parliament
Sounds like a plan
Watching some of the scenes in Westminster today and I had a few thoughts about Brexit (1/n):
Cabinet Source: May Could Resign if She Suffers Heavy Brexit Vote Defeat | Breitbart
#FromtheCenter: Four Amendments Threaten to Derail May's Deal: Brexit Update | #Brexit #TheresaMay
BBC News - Theresa May facing crunch vote on her Brexit deal Voting will start at about 19:00 GMT, starting with votes on three or four backbench amendments that could reshape the deal and then the vote on the withdrawal agreement itself.
More details on what it could mean in practice in my December comment piece: WTO rules can't repair the damage of a no-deal Brexit
Just to put things in a bit of perspective for those screaming about democracy. In Zimbabwe there is a shutdown of the internet and reports of police officers going door to door assaulting and shooting people. Whatever happens tonight with Brexit we are actually bloody lucky.
Shadowy Brexit Campaigns Keep Using Facebook To Advertise. It's Nearly Impossible To Know Where The Money Is Coming From
It is.
Michel Barnier will hold late night talks with leading MEPs in the immediate aftermath of tonight’s meaningful vote on Theresa May’s Brexit deal, amid suggestions Brussels would entertain further UK-EU talks if deal rejected by MPs in Westminster.
I pray you're right friend.
Government 'sneaks out' £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote | The Independent
Tories are gonna Tory
BBCNEWS 6:33am BREXIT DEAL VOTE. EU: If applied, the backstop would only be temporary; I BREXIT DEAL VOTE. The backstop is a...
let's bring the country together with a bit of common sense. We double-check the little things in life so, now we know the options, shouldn't we double-check Brexit? It's time for a second referendum. common sense please share
Labour's brexit policy as voted for and agreed at conference...next!
Boreham Wood FC coming out for hard Brexit. What a country this is.
I saw this on The Sun app and thought you’d enjoy it Four rebel Cabinet ministers ‘back plot to seize control and force soft Brexit’
Supported by . One of 1000s of benefits we stand to lose through #Brexit! = major contributor to UK economy, thriving on #FreedomofMovement, to fund UK services: Why inflict this self-harm on the nation? #StopBrexitSaveBritain
Enders: 'No deal' #Brexit would mean 3% ad market recession
But we're more prepared to remain in the UK than we would be for any version of Brexit. I doubt whether we have sufficient plans in place for no deal
It's also the opposite of how a democracy works.
Always expected West Ham to be the first club to use "Brexit must mean Brexit"
Support was highest in Scotland, with 68% backing a new Brexit vote
New York Sun | Stephen MacLean: Is Britain Really Going to Leave? #Brexit #Brexiteer #StandUp4Brexit cc:
RM says we can be relaxed about importing food with varying (inc low) standards once his Unicorn Brexit would begin. In other words, we simply accept food standards set by other parliaments (without UK input). Which begs the question, how the **** is this ‘taking back control’?
Another promoted tweet from People's Vote. Who's paying for that?
encouraging news from the MP for Norwich South Thank you
Ken Clark declairs we must #RevokeArticle50. Attorney General: We must cancel brexit to do so. Seems like the best way to me
Take your country back!!
the surgeons are discussing brexit in the coffee room and the rest of us are all just awkwardly ignoring eye contact with each other so we don't get dragged into it
Britain's big Brexit vote: What happens in parliament? via
BREAKING Britain's big Brexit vote: What happens in parliament?
Brexit is the biggest thing of the day, right? Huge catastrophy. All that. THIS one will last, though. This is the world we're heading into. This is the planet we're attempting to inhabit and pass on to our children.
#leavemeansleave yes girls leave means leave #Parliament #Brexit
Pro-Referendum must NOT mean anti-Brexit! It's about fairness and good, more deliberative, democracy. A general election definitely would NOT remove the vital need to hold a "brexit terms" referendum ballot. USE THESE ARGUMENTS AT TO CONVINCE YOUR MP!
Today UK’s parliament votes on the UK Brexit: whether to support the current deal on table negotiated by the PM May, or to reject it. I wish much wisdom to the parliament.
Anyone who considers themselves democratic must distance themselves from any talk of no Brexit or a 2nd referendum. For the sake of TRUE DEMOCRACY there must be a FULL/COMPLETE BREXIT for at least 15 years. The ONLY options are either a temp semi/soft Brexit or a FULL/HARD BREXIT
In the shadow of Brexit, books are my alternative to sunshine
This is a deliberate cheat and a betrayal. #Brexit #betrayal Don’t be fooled: this Brexit deal creates a triple lock to shackle the UK to Brussels forever via
APOLOGIES TO KEN CLARKE IF HE IS GOING TO VOTE AGAINST MAY AFTER ALL. UK WILL BE LAUGHING STOCK IF THINKS CAN INFLUENCE COUNTRIES EXCEPT THOSE WITH WEEKLY INCOME OF 10$, INSTEAD OF THE RICH PICKINGS OF EU. THERE IS NO SUCH THING AS A GOOD BREXIT. EVEN IF WE GOT GREAT CONTRACTS
MPs have totally screwed the referendum from the day the referendum was announced. It was NOT a constituency vote but MPs have now turned it into one. All of you should resign
One of the many reasons that led me to delete my Facebook account #DeleteFacebook
Ironic considering what she said to producer.
It’s very sad state of affairs – we have people who can’t carry a piece of paper properly, entrusted with responsibility to carry the nation. By resorting to these cheap gimmicks, aren’t you just making a fool of yourself. People of this country are smarter than you think #brexit
Now why would I get a promoted tweet from Britain’s Future which is pro Brexit and has only a few 100 followers - praising Ross Thomson for voting against May’s deal. Has someone paid for that? And why would they target someone who is clearly pro Indy and Remain. Am confused.
What is going to happen with tonight's #BrexitVote? Get at least a couple of the answers from this round-up by
#Brexit amendment that might have limited PM's losses is rejected
Why? We will still get two parties failing to declare a position on #brexit and a HoC stiluffed with remain MPs.
Do you agree with Jo? Sign her petition calling for an Exit from Brexit at
Have to give some credit here, I feel he genuinely believes in brexit unlike other MP brexiters and he tried to put his position across, a bit disappointed went for the Paxman repeat question approach, could have covered more
Biggest item on today's agenda is the Brexit vote at 2! What it could mean &amp; what you need to know before then, right here... #FX #Forex
A CA which produces a large majority, given our (somewhat constrained) options, for soft Brexit, after deliberation, I think would be an easier sell to Leavers than 52% (or whatever) Remain vs May's Deal. Of course, the CA could suggest something else after deliberation!
The 114 Tory MPs who will vote against the Brexit deal: Which way will your MP vote?
Yes it is. Clarke seems now to accept that there will be Brexit and that this WA is the right one. He knows that the real negotiation is to come. If I was for Brexit I would sign up for this and focus on the next phase. Since I am not, I want the Government to #RevokeArt50
Leave means leave demonstrator outside parliament #Brexit
Peter Mandelson Calls for a 'People's Vote' While Telling Potential Clients Brexit Can't Be Stopped
In light of Brexit, what can the Third Sector teach the political sector about the good in debating? Thanks to for printing our latest blog. #BrexitVote
Parliament #Brexit Vote - What Could Happen And How To Trade It $FXB $UUP
Obscure pro-Brexit group spends tens of thousands on Facebook ads
According Bercow (House of Commons speaker), “no call for 2nd referendum”. #BrexitDeal #BrexitVote #Brexit
So, brits, why not make another poll about this #Brexit thing? What do you want for #Britain and the #EU? #TheresaMaysDeal, #NoDeal, #2ndReferendum? RT, like and share. If this goes through the roof, the #HouseofCommons could hear you. #BrexitVote
Via : Britain will enter ‘political and constitutional turmoil’ if Commons rejects Brexit deal
Imagine supporting a football team who hasn't commented on Brexit. Wild.
However, this process is not immune from the Brexit debate. Since the 2008 crash there has been a spike in the requirements for social care especially for children as families in poverty sought help
a dance floor comment on the chaos that is Brexit
please vote to stop Brexit deal. We need one that works for people not big business and that means to stay in the EU with all its faults. #RevokeA50
Minister for External Relations says #JerseyCI is in a strong position to manage the next stage of #Brexit, whether it results in a negotiated or hard Brexit - and that we should take advantage of proposals from either outcome #StatesAssembly
LIVE: PM vows to respond 'quickly' as she faces huge Brexit deal defeat
Brexit would cause a redoubling of austerity no matter which party is in power. If you really want to reverse austerity you need to be backing Remain and overturning this catastrophe in the making. Oh and apologise for all those enabling votes you abstained on.
Thank you for your consistent and unwavering opposition to the nonsense of #Brexit, Catherine. So proud to have you as my MP!
This is true... ...although #Corbyn et al aren't exactly consensus building politicians. They, too, could have reached out to opponents and established common ground with Tory "rebels" It takes two to do the #Brexit Tango.
's #IFRSNews discusses the implications of #Brexit for December 2018 year ends, hyper-inflationary economies and IFRS9. Read all about it in this month's edition
LIVE – final day of Commons debate on the Brexit deal ahead of the vote on the EU Withdrawal Bill
What Brexit?
The U.K. holds the cards. We’ve just not played them. Yet. Eurogroup chief sees room for more talks to avoid hard Brexit | Article [AMP] | Reuters
Yes, but ......
Brexit vote; Bank earnings; China stimulus - CNN
NATO and BREXIT both dividing the western alliance, and both on Putin's wish list.
Tune into BBC Look North, at 18:30 tonight where , Head of Business Immigration at Chattertons, talks about the post-Brexit status of Foreign workers.
Just put BBC Parliament on to listen to this lot debate Brexit whilst I’m working...it’s not even full, they can’t be arsed
For whom the bell tolls- literally #Brexit #MeaningfulVote
a dance floor comment on the chaos that is Brexit
Brexit Talks Could Go On If May Loses Vote, Says Germany’s Heiko
Really wish I knew more about Brexit
Brexit has rewritten the rules of Parliament. If a Prime Minister lost a vote by 50 or more it would spell the end. Previous biggest House of Commons defeat was in 1924 and 166 votes. Theresa May is on track to smash this with predictions around 200+. #BrexitVote
It was all a setup the moment they lost the initial #Brexit vote. These people are just plain #Traitors . No if's ot but's!
Only if one side is advocating something other than Brexit
Absolute right Scotthorne, I think we can all finally agree Big Sam and his no nonsense Brexit football is the way to go. It would be good to meet up with you Nige and have a really indepth chat about this but with you giving your season card up I fear that won't happen now.
Anyone who considers themselves democratic must distance themselves from any talk of no Brexit or a 2nd referendum. For the sake of TRUE DEMOCRACY there must be a FULL/COMPLETE BREXIT for at least 15 years. The ONLY options are either a temp semi/soft Brexit or a FULL/HARD BREXIT
Noooooooo! The UK is a parliamentary democracy. Parliament must re-assert itself, not repeat the action of a referendum that got the UK into this mess in the first place!
What we are heading for is no deal at all: Kenneth Clarke, Conservative Party #BrexitVote #Brexit
#UK faces #Brexit 'paralysis', Hunt warns
If you covered Brexit in wasabi, I think that would just about sum it up.
Wall to wall coverage of the UK not having a feckin clue what it's doing. if it wasn't so serious etc ... #Brexit
Tonight MPs vote on #TheresaMaysDeal Check out our blog on #Brexit and property. #property #investment #propertyinvestment
British Prime Minister Theresa May faces a crucial test as lawmakers in Parliament vote on her deeply contentious Brexit plan.
For the day that's in it.......#LovesVinyl #Brexit
All the promises.
Great danger but surmountable ... we Brexiters can systematically target No Brexit MPs at the next General Election regardless of Party ... just a matter of organisation and political will
a dance floor comment on the chaos that is Brexit
They have. They won't vote for May's deal. They want a general election, If they get one and are elected, they will renegotiate #Brexit and we will leave EU. If no GE then all options back on table. They can't do anything unless they are in government though.
Brexit Britain: "I mean I know you wanted to fuck off ASAP and take your tax with you, but was it really necessary to ask for a tax refund as well?" Me, an intellectual:
All you need to know about Brexit and that all-important vote - and what could happen next #Gloucester
M&amp;S close stores in mainly leave towns BBC News - M&amp;S names next 17 stores it wants to close #brexit
Labour MP Tulip Siddiq delays Caesarean for historic Brexit vote
New York Sun | Stephen MacLean: Is Britain Really Going to Leave? #Brexit #Brexiteer #StandUp4Brexit cc:
Terrible. I can foresee a big Brexit sellout coming our way.
I love James O'Brien's Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote - In Full:
This is a new parliament since 2017, it did not set Brexit in motion, its was left to clear up the mess after Cameron ran off and May thought it was politically expedient to hold an election instead of planning what to do.
Can you have a word with JC?
DT Patrick Grady MP: The #Remain vote in Glasgow North was 78% - I’ve spoken in all but one of the #Brexit #MeaningfulVote debate days m…
My point is that its not as simple as all Brexit voters are stupid/racist
"Brexit's a terrible idea so let's vote for May's shite Brexit deal because it's better than 'No deal'" - Ken Clarke (paraphrased) 936 days after the Brexit referendum, and 73 days before Brexit, this is where the Tories have delivered the country?
tonight’s epic Brexit loss brought to you by
Television host to Jacob Rees-Mogg: ‘This is all your fault!’
Anyone who considers themselves democratic must distance themselves from any talk of no Brexit or a 2nd referendum. For the sake of TRUE DEMOCRACY there must be a FULL/COMPLETE BREXIT for at least 15 years. The ONLY options are either a temp semi/soft Brexit or a FULL/HARD BREXIT
wondering what on earth the british news broadcasters will talk about once #brexit is all over and done with
Brexit means whatever I say it means. The people voted for Brexit and that's exactly what they're going to get. As I've said all along, Brexit means Brexit.
a dance floor comment on the chaos that is Brexit
BBCNEWS 6:33am BREXIT DEAL VOTE. Reports of two blasts &amp; gunfire at a hotel in Nairobi' I BREXIT DEAL VOTE. 'Meaningful vote' takes...
As UK MPs prepare to vote on Theresa May's Withdrawal Agreement, many will be wondering what Brexit could mean for the Channel Islands.
Pregnant MP Tulip Siddiq delays child birth for Brexit vote
The Canary - The DWP used Brexit to sneak out another benefit cut
I mean regardless of your views on Brexit, a club statement really isn't the place to go on a rant about it. Absolutely embarrassing from Boreham Wood, this.
Obviously you're already sick of #brexit and #brexitvote but I predict you'll be just as sick of the phrase #Toxicmasculinity by the end of 2019. (Especially if you're someone has to read a lot of book pitches)
“I am listening, I’m just not falling for it.” It won’t change anybody’s mind, but god, I had no idea how much I needed 20 minutes of demolishing Rees-Mogg today.
Ahead of this evening's Brexit deal vote, it's vital not to lose sight of the needs of the creative sector, particularly when it comes to access to creative talent and growth for creative enterprises.
What are key reminders for your year end financials? What are regulators focused on? What is the impact of #Brexit? Find out with 's #IFRS experts Tony Debell and Sandra Thompson in our latest #PwCIFRSTalks podcast. 20 minutes. Twice a month.
Truly laughable - TO GO TO &amp; become our PM in these vital times until twots find a decent leader of their party !!! #NoDealNoProblem
"And so, when May finally pulled a dead rabbit out the hat in November it was little surprise that it was received so poorly."
Groan. "Truthfully we are only at the beginning of the end of this saga that will shape the UK's economy and standing in the world for generations."
“#Corbyn is not genuinely animated politically by his occasional use of anti-austerity rhetoric, but by a desire to protect British capitalism and save it from a deepening economic and social crisis by breaking “the deadlock” in #Brexit.”
a brexit breakfast is when there's nothing to eat
2019 is a big year for the UK with #Brexit challenges to overcome....looking fwd to hearing how the #BuiltEnvironment can help our cities grow together at #BuildingLondon
But then, this was a once in a generation choice, and tonight might be the death of one version of Brexit, and the demise of a Prime Minister.
Plenty of disagreement here at Westminster but a consensus of ‘despair’ over the handling of #Brexit on the whole. Updates in the lead up to the vote:
so how big will the defeat be and where next? yes she quit?
now that Brexit is falling to pieces, at least we won't hear any more from the Long Fella
‘Hamster hoarders’ are stocking up on essentials in case of no deal Brexit.
MPs are being brilliantly trolled by billboards featuring their own tweets
For all of us that had been eagerly anticipating Boreham Wood FC's stance on Brexit...
Brexit EARTHQUAKE: Belgian MEP rejects backstop deadline - 'Belfast in EU PERMANENTLY!'
New in-house content on preparing your supply chain for Brexit
Brexit amendments: How are MPs trying to shape the vote on the PM's deal?
Frustrating and upsetting in equal measure. #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy #stopbrexitnow
This is the most purple prose I have read since I studied DH Lawrence
Anyone who considers themselves democratic must distance themselves from any talk of no Brexit or a 2nd referendum. For the sake of TRUE DEMOCRACY there must be a FULL/COMPLETE BREXIT for at least 15 years. The ONLY options are either a temp semi/soft Brexit or a FULL/HARD BREXIT
WBD has advised on UK government contract for additional freight capacity for a no-deal Brexit. Christophe Mathieu, CEO, commented: "WBD, and Peter in particular, provided excellent legal advice and worked seamlessly with our team."
The solution to Brexit will not be found inside Westminster. We are focused in Brussels and Dublin, ensuring the interests of Ireland are upheld -
killing the Brexit nirvana stone dead in a fantastic speech. Unfortunately, he's voting for Mats deal. Sad.
The only thing destroyed was that last little part of James OBriens alleged journalistic skills, talking over someone continually while they are courteously answering his questions, what a dickhead you really are Brexit is coming
When you buy a house, you put in an offer, then you get a survey, after the survey you become better informed and you have the option to pull out of the deal or not, why does this common sense not apply to Brexit? Let’s #doublecheck Brexitplease share
Cern announces "bigger Hadron Collider". Brexit Britain show's off its own.
I don't know much about them, but aren't they just anti-anyone who is pro brexit?
Northern Ireland prepares for worst-case Brexit scenario
Yes. Imo Its symptomatic of placing constitution as a higher priority than things like the economy. Dup &amp; SF and other do it all the time. Its why we are where we are. Brexit is the same. Vague notions of control and past greatness placed higher than economic prospects etc.
Yes the total daft bit is the politicians are banging on about a no brexit being the bad thing when we desperately want a bloody no brexot!!!!
a dance floor comment on the chaos that is Brexit
We do have votes when people change their minds, that’s how general elections work. We didn’t know the details of brexit in the first referendum, so why not let people vote now we know the facts?
Airbus warns that 'double-digit' millions of contingency planning could be a fraction of what an 'unprepared, disorderly' #Brexit could cost it #avgeek
Wow. This result flies in the face of the manipulating press. Also it will save £BILLIONS.
If your border is still hard after Brexit call a doctor.
Brexit vote: Bercow allows four amendments but not one for second referendum - Politics live
Brexit: Showdown im Unterhaus #nachrichten
Please support a NO DEAL BREXIT the only way to free ourselves from the EU Cesspit of Corruption which created Zero Hours contracts, VAT, EU postal directive etc etc to name a few sufferings to UK people
Well said Betty Boothroyd! Why, oh why are we letting this car crash continue - it is in now way what was put to the electorate, let democracy prevail and have another vote on the actual real situation!
“#Corbyn is not genuinely animated politically by his occasional use of anti-austerity rhetoric, but by a desire to protect British capitalism and save it from a deepening economic and social crisis by breaking “the deadlock” in #Brexit.”
Corbyn &amp; Starmer / Labour have offered to help with Brexit negotiations several times but May has not taken up the offer, too busy trying to appease her own party. This is on clothears #TheresaMay &amp; the Tories.
US markets opened little changed on Tuesday as investors wait for the Brexit vote in the United Kingdom. The Dow alternated between gains and losses. The S&amp;P 500 gained 0.2%, while the Nasdaq rose 0.4%. Watch live
And from the
More like Whistle for Brexit.
Meet The New Brexit 'Doomsday Preppers': Housewives Stockpiling Food And Medicine | Zero Hedge #PrepperTalk
Top orchestra quits Britain over Brexit migration clampdown
- sadly Brexit is about the UK’s off shore jurisdictions &amp; the elites behind them. Avoiding regulation, cutting corporation tax further, selling out heath services &amp; cutting workers right for a more ruthless form of capitalism...
Noam Chomsky: Against 'Brexit,' Says It Would Make U.K. More Dependent on the USA....Give me Europe over USA any day #Brexit #NoamChomsky
Under current laws he UK can return EU citizens within 3 months if they do not have a job or cannot support themselves, the govt chooses not to. How many doctors and nurses are the NHS losing because of Brexit. Show me any proof that any of this rubbish is true.
A Must Read ...#Leave #Nodeal #meaningfulvote
Brexit! So with the #BrexitVote tonight we want to hear your thoughts on how #Brexit will impact the transport and shipping industry? Comment below or DM us. Please share! #transport #shipping #journorequest #prrequest #opinion #comment #blog #blogger
Anyone who considers themselves democratic must distance themselves from any talk of no Brexit or a 2nd referendum. For the sake of TRUE DEMOCRACY there must be a FULL/COMPLETE BREXIT for at least 15 years. The ONLY options are either a temp semi/soft Brexit or a FULL/HARD BREXIT
So how many pensioners will die in the 5 week set-up period?
Time these guys were EXPELLED as they DON'T back or the conference decision.
James O'Brien's Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote
GBP/USD Technical Analysis: Cable en route to 1.2800 figure as Brexit chaos unfolds #GBP/USD
The Minister for External Relations says the UK is committed to the interests of #JerseyCI in forthcoming #Brexit negotiations. This includes - but isn't limited to - customs, transport, trade and EU nationals' settlement status #StatesAssembly
IMPORTANT: Attorney general just said we can suspend art50 but can't then restart it when we like. This means remain now becomes permanent and that changes the game being played. It's now or never for Brexit?!
Ken Clarke (with whom I totally differ on #brexit) has just put his finger what what should have been done on EU immigration (have a job when coming or leave after 3 months without one) &amp; can still be done in conjuction with a Norway arrangement to provide a clean #brexit.
Irish politics versus U.K. politics summed up in two pictures today. Dáil is marking 100 years since first sitting. House of Commons is voting on #Brexit. (West minister pic credit to )
PLEASE ENJOY THIS MELLOW BANGER MOMENT AMIDST THE BREXIT SHITSTORM
"UK Parliament vote on Theresa May's Brexit plan a make or break moment for the prime minister, exit movement" via FOX NEWS #timbeta #betaajudabeta #timbetalab
US markets opened little changed on Tuesday as investors wait for the Brexit vote in the United Kingdom. The Dow alternated between gains and losses. The S&amp;P 500 gained 0.2%, while the Nasdaq rose 0.4%. Watch live
Rather late in the day for this. PM shld have requested this approach months ago.
Pretty sure it was bad enough when Warnock weighed in on Brexit, that's a bad look Boreham Wood tbh
Kemi Badenoch is wrong. The Tory whip deliberately broke a pairing agreement with Jo Swinson MP when she was on maternity leave and now Tulip Siddiq will not trust them to act with integrity
No deal brexit doesnt mean there will be no deals, it just means our willingness and preparednesss for no deal will win us an excellent deal. we may have to go through with no deal to get it, but there will be deals whatever.
UK Parliament vote on Theresa May's Brexit plan a make or break moment for the prime minister, exit movement A vote on the British prime minister's divorce settlement for departing the E.U. is likely to be rejected; Benjamin Hall reports on the opposition to the deal and wha…
will I need a visa to travel to Greece in May due to brexit?
MPs are being brilliantly trolled by billboards featuring their own tweets
Mays face clearly displaying the ‘why the fuck did I choose him to speak’ thought she’s having! #brexit
I keep saying this and I will say it again. have been incredible in their work for but they are far from the only ones. It is party policy of others (eg ) and has strong support from across the political spectrum.
Agreed Hows life in this brexit disaster!?
Brexit: Huge poll shows 60% favour second referendum
WATCH #jamesobrien calls #JacobReesMogg's BIG BREXIT BLUFF !!
Resign Let become PM #BrexitVote
Even if people have realised they've been lied too; is it too late to go back at this point? After two years of sharing UKIP memes on Facebook I think your commited to the cause no? Even if you have no idea what that cause is anymore #Brexit
Anyone who considers themselves democratic must distance themselves from any talk of no Brexit or a 2nd referendum. For the sake of TRUE DEMOCRACY there must be a FULL/COMPLETE BREXIT for at least 15 years. The ONLY options are either a temp semi/soft Brexit or a FULL/HARD BREXIT
For London, Liverpool, Manchester, Newcastle and their surrounding towns and communities, a no-deal Brexit would be an economic disaster. That's why, together with , &amp; , I am urging the PM today to take No Deal off the table for good.
Would the government’s defeat mean a no-deal Brexit? If the Theresa May’s deal is voted down, the UK will be closer to a non-negotiated departure. Every day that the government cannot get its deal approved by MPs is a day closer to a no-deal Brexit. By…
Disagree, the path to #Brexit is in danger bcos of the limitations &amp; traps in May's deal. No one ever said lets sign a bad deal bcos there no alternative. They'd ask where's xyz #PlanAPlus #SuperCanada was the alternative rejected by May to push fwd #Chequers capitulation deal
Rats. Forgot to put 'wear a hat' on my to do list for the day. Bit annoying that Hat Day is being overshadowed by the whole Brexit Meaningful Vote thing today. Will just have to make more of National Scarf Day when it comes along ...
Brexit offers the possibility for socialists to lead a political transformation
where is the former prime minister and brexit instigator today? fucking a pig, i bet
Stocks struggle for direction at opening bell as traders await key Brexit vote
A make or break day for British #PM #TheresaMay. Her #Brexit on the line
The Brexit dilemma: Will London's start-ups stay or go?
It’s a huge day for Brexit — but the divorce deal appears doomed
With the government voting on the UK’s Brexit deal today, markets may become even more volatile. This short video shows how our Flexible Guarantee Funds are designed to help protect your pension clients from market fluctuations. Find out more at
Brexit Vote soon British PM to make the last ditch rally for support. May's deal is to expected to be rejected Briexit at risk if lawmakers vote down Deal. Ford and VW announce alliance Ford , VW are individually hit by China economic slowdown
Dominic Grieve is a vile, treacherous, corrupt MP that should be deselected-it is one thing not supporting Brexit-even after promising his constituents to RESPECT it-in writing-BUT to ACTIVELY trying to block it is utterly DISGRACEFUL! I (at 60)will never vote conservative again
a dance floor comment on the chaos that is Brexit
Brilliant very sensible speech of in parliament about #Brexit. Why is he not Prime minister?
A reformed EU would be the best option, but it should have been an option on the referendum. The "softest" possible Jeremy Corbyn Brexit is our best course at the moment, with the option of rejoining sometime in the future, when the domestic political landscape is different.
#Brexit Vote: Parliament to Decide on #EU Withdrawal Plan
meanwhile you are putting your brexit before the health of the nation
Roses are red Violets are blue I’m so sick of Brexit It makes me feel really depressed (Does it you?) #BrexitDeal #BrexitChaos #BrexitVote #Brexit #ugh
Very special memory to me. I was once lucky enough to attend a session as a visitor. Way back in the early 90s when Betty Boothroyd became the first ever Madame Speaker.
Wells Fargo, JP Morgan and Brexit Vote Challenge US Stock Markets Today #news #bitcoin #crypto #cryptocurrency #ethereum #blockchain
No deal is far preferable to May’s surrender document that will not deliver the benefits of Brexit while retaining all the worst aspects of Remain. It is Leave in name only which I guess is why you support it.
a dance floor comment on the chaos that is Brexit
Edward my dear chap, visual evidence suggests you may have eaten rather too much cake already...
Corbyn’s demand for a general election that could return a “radical Labour government” offering an alternative to austerity for working class Leavers and Remainers alike makes sense...
If Theresa May collaborates with Labour 4 a soft BREXIT to keep her job, Treason May the Traitor Dictator must be gotten RID of by ALL Tories asap by or before December 2019 at another confidence vote! DEFYING the democratic BREXIT WILL of the British people is UNDEMOCRATIC
"It's the only option" means "I have no other ideas". Time to make way for someone with a positive vision of Britain in an increasingly interconnected, borderless world facing urgent global challenges. Someone like and .
Well said Richard #LetsGoWTO #NoDealBrexitBrexit #NoDealNoProblem #nodeal #LeaveMeansLeave
I didnt say whether I agreed or not. I wanted to know if he accepted the forecast about the impact on industry that will result from Brexit. He wouldn't answer. I think we all know that he only agrees with the information he wants to hear and disagrees with that which doesn't.
Cultural Backlash and the Rise of Populism: Trump, Brexit, and Authoritarian Populism - Google Books
Here are some graph visualizations illustrating Twitter conversations including the term "brexit" that have occurred since 0700 UTC this morning. #BrexitVote
FuckWit of the Day
FITCH SAYS SHOULD A NO-DEAL BREXIT MATERIALISE, THIS WOULD LIKELY HIT UK HOME PRICES AND LEAD TO MUCH SLOWER GROWTH IN IRELAND
Anyone who considers themselves democratic must distance themselves from any talk of no Brexit or a 2nd referendum. For the sake of TRUE DEMOCRACY there must be a FULL/COMPLETE BREXIT for at least 15 years. The ONLY options are either a temp semi/soft Brexit or a FULL/HARD BREXIT
If only remoaners had got behind negotiations, we’d be out by now with a much better deal for both parties
Rupee ended weaker against the US Dollar, as banks placed fresh long Dollar bets on weak global sentiment. Some banks cut long Dollar bets, ahead of UK parliamentary vote on Brexit plan. However, exporters' Dollar sales supported the unit.
If you do like Brexit stay simple. Well, you said it. That's why punctuation is important. But we mustn't call you stupid....
My prediction: They will push for revoking Article 50 and take a break from Brexit. After that, who...
There is no such thing as a good Brexit - the government’s own analysis and that of the Scottish government demonstrates that in any of the Brexit scenarios we will all be poorer than we would be under the status quo says
Brexit Wood FC #embarrassing
Time to shelve the entire Brexit fiasco!
Pro-Brexit activist said all Muslims should be removed from UK
a dance floor comment on the chaos that is Brexit
You are right, Hitler would have told you he would deliver Brexit, because he was a liar who used comments like that to get into power.
Same to you hon. Missed you too! Here's hoping 2019 will be fab for all of us minus #Brexit debacle. Been away for the festive season with limited internet access.
#Brexit hiding a multitude of sins. Thank you for your continuous attention to these financial details which often affect the most vulnerable.
The Launch Pad: May losing support on key Brexit Vote
My take is that yes, no deal Brexit will hurt the EU, but nowhere near as much as reneging on the position that this deal is the only deal, otherwise other countries will wobble. They still have a union of 27 member states, which is doubtless more important to them than 1 Brexit.
Has there been any progress on 'Sarah's Law' since its 1st reading? Praps after Brexit this cld b 1 of your prioritised actions? Appalling that a murderer can get paroled without having the remorse or decency 2 tell a victim's family where the body is.
There's discrimination in foreign legislatures, too. Check out this trifecta: 1. Woman, 2. of color, 3. pregnant, being attacked for delaying her C-section so that she can vote on #Brexit. Communities need legislatures that reflect the people in them.
There seems to have been misinformation from both sides of #brexit debate. But in 3 years I have yet to hear from the remoaners a single genuine positive reason to stay in EU. Only possible negative results if we leave EU. None of which have actually happened so far.
We May be cra-cra but we're not Brexit crazy.
Stupid brits.. #uk #London #Britain #Brexit #jihad
It's Brexit or Gillette or death. I choose death.
Not convinced watching the parliament debates on Brexit are considered as preparing for my law debate assignment but going with it!
When the promised destination was Barbados, and the actual destination turns out to be Skegness in sea fog... A valiant effort to laugh in the face of mayhem.
Good news, everyone! Brexit isn't an issue anymore because eventually there'll be a super-duper-extra-fragalistic-expialidotious largesty largest hadron collider that'll encompass the whole of Europe and Britain! We'll be part of the Hadron Collision Zone!
Daily Market News: Brexit Vote Day and Ethereum upgrade $ETH #blockchain #btc #cryptocurrency #ethereum
Anyone who considers themselves democratic must distance themselves from any talk of no Brexit or a 2nd referendum. For the sake of TRUE DEMOCRACY there must be a FULL/COMPLETE BREXIT for at least 15 years. The ONLY options are either a temp semi/soft Brexit or a FULL/HARD BREXIT
Yes... Both politicians and nappies need to be changed often and for the same reason!
What delicious irony that a parliament, many of whose members excite themselves so much about 'sovereignty', uses such archaic and 'foreign' spelling on its documentation. #Brexit
Pretty monumental to witness #Brexit vote live. Enjoy my former hometown. Check out Leake St Graffiti tunnel nr London Eye, under Waterloo Stn tracks. Great food stalls behind Royal Festival Hall &amp; go inside to ride singing elevator. Eat at My Old Dutch (Holborn nr Brit museum)
Don't worry, we grow plenty of it here on the #IsleofMan. If you are very nice to us we might sell some to you. #DespiteBrexit
Tory accuses pregnant Labour MP Tulip Siddiq of delaying her caesarean to 'make a point' on Brexit
Doesn't like quislings. Would vote for Hitler.
Negotiated in November, the #Brexit deal is expected to be rejected by lawmakers, including by members of Prime Minister Theresa May's own Conservative Party.
Britain's Economic Future Depends On Brexit
a dance floor comment on the chaos that is Brexit
Parliament to vote on May's Brexit deal
Excellent article from
The vote was won on proven lies and cheating and as far as I'm concerned that voids it. We need a #peoplesvote now we know the facts about Brexit, maybe you're OK with lies and cheating and you don't like democracy? If so I suggest you move to Russia, it would suit you :)
My latest column:
Yes, David!
Priceless
Whatever happens with Brexit vote tonight -- and I'll be on air with 19-22gmt -- you have to hand it to those trying to spin a govt defeat of &lt;200 votes wd be a victory of sorts. By the way........
Wells Fargo, JP Morgan and Brexit Vote Challenge US Stock Markets Today
Cameron is that last person to support remain - he should support what he started the right of the individual to vote WE VOTED #brexit. He above all should get over it. The high mighty, do as we say not as we do! Living in their REMOTE castles (in the air) #brexit
Today a prime minister who will not allow a 2nd vote, presents her proposal for Brexit to parliament for a second time... #TheresaMay #brexit
Try and failing to understand why Hilary Benn withdrew his amendment, and then deciding I just don’t want to know, is peak Brexit.
Can the UK parliament take control over Brexit? GC's Senior Associate, Joe Armitage, discusses in his analysis: #brexit
Brexit amendment tabled by waverers not selected by Bercow
#okenko_do_sveta -"Brexit Bulletin" HA!
Big day across the pond #BrexitVote #Brexit
FITCH SAYS SHOULD A NO-DEAL BREXIT MATERIALISE, THIS WOULD LIKELY HIT UK HOME PRICES AND LEAD TO MUCH SLOWER GROWTH IN IRELAND
Of course is a liar doing Murdoch’s budding. Only Brexit causes winter, &amp; Gove is the #BrexitWhiteWalker &amp; May it’s Dragon
If you were to knock on doors in 's constituency to talk to locals about what they'd like to see happen in the UK, its a safe bet that making sure Theresa May's Brexit Deal gets voted through Parliament wouldn't get a mention. #MayMustGo #TheRealDivide
What a vile thing to say from this Tory MP! Going against doctors wishes - putting her health in danger IS NOT political point scoring
No point. His position is the same as the Tories on Brexit. He's as much of a charlatan as they are.
Sack the cunt.
THIS FUCKING BITCH TERESA MAY SHOULD GO BOWLING W DJ SHIT STAIN.....THE MOST DISGUSTING WOMAN OF OUR TIME, ALONG W THAT BUTCH FROM GERMANY #FUCKBREXIT #FUCKROYALY #FUCKTERESAMAY #FUCKTHETORIES "Parliament to vote on May's Brexit deal"
Here we have another ballon....
Thank you for being the most level headed voice of reason in the whole debacle. I hope the house listens to you and #RevokeArticle50 to bring this sorry first phase of #Brexit to rest.
What will happen..... #Brexit #BrexitDeal
Here's a taste of the Post-Brexit BBC.....
No deal Brexit, a possible danger to health, food supplies and communities
Sneak, the operative word sneaking out ANOTHER attack on the older generation! It's contemptible ask any #50sWomen who've had their worked for paid for pensions raided TWICE first time no notice second time actually boasting about it #BackTo60 #OneVoice
what’s a fat 40 year old from the midlands going to do if Brexit is cancelled
If Brexit is stopped do not underestimate the groundswell of outrage their will be
a dance floor comment on the chaos that is Brexit
Parliament debates and votes on May's Brexit deal – watch live via
#Brexit T-shirts: artist #JeremyDeller sums up in two words what millions are thinking
Hi Jeremy, You'll be considered old sooner than you think. I'm inclined to think you're subtly blaming oldies for Brexit. You would need to have an age limit on all decision makers in that case: Politicians, judges, members of H of L, Councillors etc. Stupid question.
Feeling ironic
Anyone who considers themselves democratic must distance themselves from any talk of no Brexit or a 2nd referendum. For the sake of TRUE DEMOCRACY there must be a FULL/COMPLETE BREXIT for at least 15 years. The ONLY options are either a temp semi/soft Brexit or a FULL/HARD BREXIT
British PM faces defeat in historic Brexit deal vote
There's a story going around that one DUP member supports No Brexit as it's the only way to solve the border that doesn't include magic.
relax
Arise, Sir Alun Cairns, Sir Stephen Crabb, Sirs Chris, David and Glyn Davies (one each, mind) and Sir Simon Hart. With grateful thanks, Theresa. #Wales #BrexitVote
Indeed.
So my MP is and I’m hoping he is going to vote down the deal
Good question. At what age do you lose the right to have an opinion or to vote?
though not surprising - ALL OF BREXIT is defending the indefensible
Fundamentally disagree. won’t have the money as the economy will go to batshit if Brexit happens. I want a labour government but secondary to stopping g Brexit.
Parliament debates and votes on May's Brexit deal – watch live via
Let us hope the UK Government remembers the Brexit referendum today.
In #Munich on day of momentous Brexit vote &amp; thinking that if all EU citizens living in UK &amp; all Brits living in Europe had had a vote the small margin for leave might not have existed. Yet they are some of those with most to lose from it.
Euro Weighed Down by Germany Slowdown Worries, Sterling Pares Gain ahead of Brexit Vote
when #Turkey sets an example, things not looking good #Brexit "the environment sec said that the opposition wanted to be in a customs union with the EU, but also to have a say in its trade deals..” T.S. rejected this, suggesting that Turkey had some influence in EU trade policy."
#IeWorld: Timeline of key events leading up to Brexit vote | READ
The most civilised protesting interleaved crowds that I have seen in a long time...Peaceful demonstrating, outside of Parliament. If you read the placards, seems improbable that these peaceful protests could not just coexist, but be so mixed one with the other. See video. #brexit
GRIEVE wants a 2nd referendum - Dominic Grieve refused an inquest for Dr David Kelly - why trust him?? #Brexit
DUP leader Arlene Foster makes utterly bizarre claim about the Irish border /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote
a dance floor comment on the chaos that is Brexit
Then it’s a no deal brexit. No matter what we take there is going to be problems for a group of people in this country. It is practically impossible to make everyone happy. So the fact is which do u want the deal or no deal. That is only two choices we have and will have.
Urth cafe makes me feel like a vegan hippie who opposes Brexit. And I absolutely love it
And of relevance today given the #Brexit debate in parliament. No deal and #WTO rules means tariffs which means extra costs. Hard Brexiteers need to learn some basic economics
Vote has been done mate. Brexit can’t be stopped.
He went full “gammon”. Made himself look very stupid. He gets more angry, the closer we get to brexit. He will be lucky not to get in trouble with ofcom for some of his comments. Agree or disagree with JOB, he’s a bad presenter and very unprofessional
Time after time #MeaningfulVote
Research predicts Theresa May’s Brexit bill will suffer biggest government defeat EVER via
Yep, nobody ever waived flegs in the UK before #Brexit.
I posted this the other day, likely you wouldn’t notice it in the mass of your stream, but I thought you might like it.
what happens after this evening
if they wanted the UK stay why have they treated them with disdain and a strong handed approach , not only in these negotiations but ever since. Stand strong UK
But the point is that if you want to vote for something else you will always have the opportunity to do so in a general election. If (when) people realise that Brexit is a shitstorm in a few years we can't just re-join on a whim.
Listening to Ian Blackford. Scotland needs the EU because it needs the funding they get from them #Brexit
Did you know that by removing the vowels from brexit the remaining letters spell wtf? #BrexitVote
Pro Brexit Midfielder, can we get him back and hand him a 25 year contract? #bcafc
Parliament to vote on May's Brexit deal
a dance floor comment on the chaos that is Brexit
It should have been done from the outset. Time and opportunity has been squandered on the basis of the PMs vanity for her Brexit deal
After #Brexit vote: No 10 draws up secret contingency plans
Brexit Poetry Workshop! February 16th at the Poetry Centre in London! @ Poetry Centre
Sir, you are so right! May God guide you and all the MP’s in making the correct decision tonight andAmerica hopes the UK is free again from the strangle hold of the EU!
Anyone who considers themselves democratic must distance themselves from any talk of no Brexit or a 2nd referendum. For the sake of TRUE DEMOCRACY there must be a FULL/COMPLETE BREXIT for at least 15 years. The ONLY options are either a temp semi/soft Brexit or a FULL/HARD BREXIT
This is fucking disgraceful. Words are not enough to describe the cretin this specimen is. Wouldn't piss on him if he was on fire
Dear comrade I have been told that the BBC have published on their website in a simple guide to BREXIT. Perhaps you and Comrade Jeremy should read it to find out what it all means.
oh geoffry.. attorney general says cannot touch article 50 unless cancelling brexit
Here's hoping...
So you refuse to identify the xenophobes who you claim have demanded zero migration? Could this be because you made them up to make yourself look *reasonable*? Could it be that nobody in this discussion has expressed that view? Did you lie Keith?
I liked a video Parliament debates and votes on May's Brexit deal – watch live
Brexit amendments explained: How tonight's historic meaningful vote will unfold
Brexit: Tory Mel Stride flashes incredible 'no food, no Channel Tunnel' notes - Mirror Online
I cannot believe all of this is really happening. #Brexit
Sad news today for 19 towns across Britain who are losing their Marks &amp; Spencers Every single one of those towns voted 'Leave' The places in Britain being left behind voted LEAVE out of fury with the status quo It's clear now that Brexit won't help them We must do better!
They want to keep on the gravy train, that is all it is.
Love or hate, Magaret Thatcher was Leader of the same Conservative Party from 11 February 1975 – 28 November 1990, never lost an election, and was Prime Minister for nearly 12 years. But thinks the patriarchy is bringing Theresa May down. Seriously. #Brexit
Let's just scrap #Brexit full stop!!
we know Putin Trump &amp; his mate support Brexit which will weaken UK &amp; EU
the tans are at it again
Good for you we need a WTO #Brexit
Remain or Leave? A Photographic Journey Through Brexit via
Bit of a cheeky headline by Die Zeit about Speaker John Bercow. Translates to "The Power of the 8th Dwarf".
Any websites with live news that you can recommend for following along today's Brexit vote? Thanks.
Five questions that will be answered by Brexit vote (Sub)
#london #UK #brexit rt please she is my aunt.
Thank gawd they’re coming to their senses. Still remembering MP Jo Cox, assassinated because of misinformation by bad actors in tandem with Putin.
Strategy #Under Planned Uncertainty: Five Strategies To Prepare For Another Brexit - Forbes #Strategy #news
Why to leave #Britain ?
They are not right in the head. Cant imagine they are going to get a different answer from the Commons when treated with this level of contempt.
"A second Brexit referendum would be part of the healing process"
Vote down WA, push referendum, secure Brexit delay, referendum held simultaneously with EU parl elections, job done. No EU extension? Revoke article 50, parliament has by then stated clearly it doesn't believe Brexit is the preferred option without further public endorsement
Bullcrap. They are not united on this point at all! x
How can you say it's a Brexit vote when in fact it's a remain deal without any influence in Brussels? The EU and Theresa are plotting together to remain in the EU and have done so from the start. Next vote will be for a new referendum. People vote remain. May resigns.
Great video.
Any Labour MPs who would support this are in no sense moderate. It is a subversion of democracy. May must resign and allow a new government to be formed. A GE is the better solution.
#Brexit has brought forth something primitive; not only the tribalism, but also the treatment of the referendum vote as something we cannot go back on. It is as if we had sworn a sacred oath in blood on the tombs of our ancestors while invoking the names of the ancient gods.
Anyone who considers themselves democratic must distance themselves from any talk of no Brexit or a 2nd referendum. For the sake of TRUE DEMOCRACY there must be a FULL/COMPLETE BREXIT for at least 15 years. The ONLY options are either a temp semi/soft Brexit or a FULL/HARD BREXIT
Brexit guidance issued by the MOD available on the AFF website for Army personnel and families. Take a look for the latest info.
Politician who don't really have a clue about anything, suddenly become Seers about Brexit. Your just a cowardly scare-monger.
I was listening to earlier incredulously.. never any border....? The years of checkpoints, violence all a myth- never happened? Talk about #fakenews #fakememory #realitycheck
Can Britain survive economically after the Brexit implementation?
what is the difference between snooker, wheel of fortune, and brexit? Snooker and wheel of fortune have winners.
Too many fingers, too many pies #croydon
What a rude, arrogant, bullying, nasty piece of work you are O'Boring. You think you are so clever trying to get a guest to answer one specific twisted question of yours to prove how clever you and your ilk are, and miss the whole point of Brexit.
What's Brex't for EIS and VCTs? #brexit #EIS #startups
she can save face by just delivering on what it was we voted for, a clean Brexit. Many folk refer to this as a No Deal.
Me, too.
Theresa May faces worst government defeat in 95 years in key Brexit vote - Bloomberg
51% of his constituents voted Leave the May deal is not Brexit and what he promised in his manifesto.
The latest The UnionistLite Daily! Thanks to #brexit #brexitvote
Wells Fargo, JP Morgan and Brexit Vote Challenge US Stock Markets Today #bitallcoins #cryptocurrency #bitcoin #blockchain #crypto #ethereum #btc #litecoin #money #trading #forex #bitcoinmining #eth #bitcoins #investing #mining #cryptonews #icos
Headline in each country: UK - Brexit will tear this country apart today. USA - government shutdown longest in US history. Trump unwilling to budge over border Wall. Canada - is there too much fighting in hockey?
Harsh way to describe Boris.
James O'Brien's Unmissable Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote - LBC
"A political fight upon a great question which stirs men's passions cannot long be conducted without bitterness.." Winston S. Churchill #insightful #wordsofwisdom #stillrelevant #politics #Brexit
There may not be a plan for Brexit, but we have our RSS workprogramme for the year mapped out
Let's get ready to rumbleeeeeeeeeee
Perfect assessment
"How many countries are in this country?"
“Theresa May’s EU emissary, Olly Robbins, has been working up secret contingency plans for cross-party talks aimed at testing MPs’ backing for up to six different Brexit options were the prime minister to lose Tuesday’s vote by a significant margin,”
We're not making any predictions, but here's our advice on passports in the event of a #NODEALBREXIT
BBC News - Theresa May facing crunch vote on her Brexit deal
this is glorious. and like Mogg gives a flying f**k about the less well off. what a cock.
Sky News Reporter NAILS IT on Brexit via
A change to see a broadcaster for once take a Humphrys-Morgan style 'stop bullshitting me you liar' approach to a disingenuous Brexiteer. Belligerent but brilliant from James O'Brien sticking it to Jacob 'there will be unicorns for everyone' Rees-Mogg.
Parliament to vote on May's Brexit deal
So. You’re a Russian asset?
Who cares about Brexit, there's a new Spider-man trailer! SPIDER-MAAAAAAAAAAAN. SPIDER-MAN! Spider. Man. I fucking love Spider-Man.
must go.
#RiversideAttack lost me in #Brexit developments. I will surely be tuned in.
Great idea. Are there biscuits too?
A pregnant MP is delaying giving birth because she doesn't trust the government will honour an agreement to "pair" her absence on #Brexit vote. The absolute state of British politics...
1/ And politicians like conflating the segment of the population that voted for their preferred option with "the people". Even if you take a majoritarian standpoint that the concerns of the 48% of ppl who voted to remain are irrelevant, that doesn't imply 52% for Hard Brexit.
MORE WANKERS For London, Liverpool, Manchester, Newcastle and their surrounding towns and communities, a no-deal Brexit would be an economic disaster. That's why, together I am urging the PM today to take No Deal off the table for good.
PA Headline: Theresa May has told senior ministers she believes “passionately” that they must take Britain out of the European Union, ahead of what is expected to be a devastating parliamentary rejection of her Brexit plans.
Anyone who considers themselves democratic must distance themselves from any talk of no Brexit or a 2nd referendum. For the sake of TRUE DEMOCRACY there must be a FULL/COMPLETE BREXIT for at least 15 years. The ONLY options are either a temp semi/soft Brexit or a FULL/HARD BREXIT
If is going to quote #Landrover &amp; #Brexit then mention the sweetener #Hungary gave to lure them!
Mays deal isn’t #Brexit no matter how often and how loudly she says it is.
Have an awesome time! #jealous #brexit
EU confirms no UK MEPs means default Brexit 2 July latest. New ref ruled out by timescale via
God, as decisions about future relationships with our neighbours in Europe are being taken, we pray for our leaders: that they will lead wisely; that they will listen attentively; that they will exercise grace; and that they will know peace in their deliberations. Amen #Brexit
Wells Fargo, JP Morgan and Brexit Vote Challenge US Stock Markets Today
Interesting times ahead if this goes through #ireland #BrexitVote #Brexit #tourism #EU
A modern day refugee crisis for the UK from the UK! #BrexitChaos
Interesting idea by Ken Clarke in the Commons: revoke article 50, start planning a different Brexit and invoke art. 50 on a later moment. It would piss off everyone in Brussels, but it's an option. #brexit #MeaningfulVote
Where is the people’s vote on the brexit deal? #BrexitDeal #BrexitShambles #DealOrNoDeal
So what’s it going to be? Deal or no deal? #brexit
Good Thread.
According to with regards to NHS supplies, a no-deal brexit would mean a very sharp uptick in red tape and trade barriers. The British Retail Consortium estimates 44 barriers to trade in medicines would exist. It's scary to imagine - that's a lot of barriers!
Why is she still hanging on? Get rid of her and her idiotic agreement! Cabinet Source: May Could Resign if She Suffers Heavy Brexit Vote Defeat via
Excellent piece by . MPs need to trust the voters and have confidence in Britain's ability to thrive after Brexit via
The latest The Gradvine Daily! Thanks to #bbunker #brexit
All news sources pointing towards a majority of 200+ defeat for May, long time to go till the vote yet but she’s in serious trouble if the defeat is this huge.
So tell me 'people's vote'(PV) campaigners, what Brexit is going to be put up against Remain in the PV you want, if our Sovereign, Parliament, has already rejected both Theresa May's crap deal&amp;'No Deal Brexit'? Anyone see the problem? A GE makes more sense than a PV #Politicslive
I liked a video Brexit Deal or No Deal - today's the day!
Corbyn says ‘not possible’ to consult Labour membership on ‘every twist and turn’ of Brexit.
So true - my eldest turned against doing a masters in Dublin because of brexit. These are the opportunities our children are being denied by our parents and grandparents (apologies to more senior remainers, but you're in a minority)
Maybe, but it's increasing either way so there's no point trying to blame it on brexit
"Eurogroup Chief Sees Room for More Talks to Avoid Hard Brexit" by REUTERS via NYT
#Eurogroup #chief sees room for more talks to #avoid #hard #Brexit
The thing about the #brexit Ramsay Macdonald analogy is that the 1924 Labour Party was propped up by 158 Liberal MPs in confidence and supply. This would be THE biggest self-inflicted defeat by a British Government.
have to admit, this is me and all Lexiters owned
Regardless of the #Brexit outcome, the #UK should build more electricity interconnections with the #EU as a ‘no-regrets’ option for helping achieve the transition to a #lowcarbon energy system explains in his latest briefing:
once again talking pure wash; on 23/6, 17.4 million ppl voted for #Brexit with no caveats. Poorer, richer whatever they voted to leave the #EU. Ironic talking about poorer, it is your gov in Scotland that is making us poorer. &gt;16% increase in CT, high IT.
Defeat should be followed by a ‘democratic’ #peoplesvote to re-test the country’s appetite for Brexit ... 2.5 years in and the world and the people’s will have both changed ...
The majority of UK voters, voted to leave the EU. How can MP’s &amp; the PM dismiss this! TM's deal is not Brexit &amp; the EU won't budge so it’s very simple, even to an ignoramus or a politically naive person, WE LEAVE WITH NO DEAL.
Brexit deal vote day: May facing huge defeat and vote of no confidence in the government
Phew! I thought it was the bug I have that was affecting my hearing! Biggest load of WAFFLE I have ever heard! #WeNeedAGeneralElection and #JC4PM2019
A meeting of the Government's interdepartmental coordination group for #Brexit was called for Monday, January 21. It will deal with how #Slovakia is prepared for the departure of the United Kingdom from the European Union
In comparing Brexit to Welsh devolution, Theresa May was wrong on two counts
Fascinating to and fro between Ken Clarke on the Q of whether a revocation of Article 50 can be made even without a clear understanding and commitment that this cancels Brexit. Clarke thinks it can, AG not. Clarke says he will examine the evidence. -
Mainly toiling away on low pay. We didn't need this brexit crap, the country is already suffering low pay, homelessness and someone has got to stand up for equality.
Brexit: Vote to take place in Parliament as Britain's future hangs in balance
Decision time as British MPs vote on Brexit deal- Punjab Star
Watching/listening to BBC Parliament...such a mess. Brexit shouldn't happen. It's going to ruin the UK. #BrexitVote
This made my day.
I believe there is a less polite word in common usage for a cluster shambles
wonderful - an honest politician
Democratically end what people already democratically voted for. You have no love or desire to see democracy displayed, you want YOUR way or no way. That is the attitude of a child which has yet to develop its emotional intelligence.
Great Commons speech by Ken Clarke just now. Thank gawd someone of his experience is still around to deliver common sense on the #Brexit debate... #BrexitVote #BrexitDeal
BBC News - How does Brexit affect the pound?
So today is the day: we discover the fate of Theresa May in the Brexit telenovela. Will there be a second referendum? Early elections? A "no-deal" Brexit? Honestly I feel like if I had the time and energy I could put May in an analogy to Maria del Barrio.
Pharmalot.. Pharmalittle.. Good Morning.. Walmart leaves CVS network over a dispute, EMA to lose 25% of its staff &amp; more interesting news.. #pharma #drugprices #Brexit $WMT $CVS $MRK
FITCH SAYS MORE COUNTRIES WILL FACE CHALLENGES TO HOME PRICE GROWTH IN 2019 FITCH SAYS HOME PRICES WILL FALL IN 2019 IN AUSTRALIA AND SWEDEN BEFORE STABILISING IN 2020 FITCH SAYS POLITICAL RISKS SUCH AS #BREXIT MEAN THAT UNCERTAINTY AROUND HOME PRICE GROWTH IS RISING
Achieving Brexit is like trying to get Trump to eat his vegetables before he can have ice cream.
Brexit could have a huge impact on football
I wrote this short thread today, explaining why my faith in democracy will be diminished and why #Brexit has to be stopped for the sake of our democracy. #BrexitVote #FBPE #FinalSayForAll #StopBrexitSaveBritain #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy
Totally agree Carolyn. NO DEAL must be off the table. #brexit
What happens if Theresa May's Brexit deal is rejected? From a Labour no confidence motion to a Brexit committee, these are the potential options
Democracy is already dead in the UK. Only Brexit without a deal has any chance of beginning to rebuild the populations faith in parliament
...,do let me know here or if you have questions, thoughts, apercus (no, me neither) on The Vote, This Dis-United Kingdom, the EU, Brexit etc
Is oil a good thing for a country to have or not? I'm confused. #brexit #INDYREF
What would a government defeat on the withdrawal agreement mean for Brexit?
Err JLT has absolutely nothing to do with #Brexit. The grant by the EU of £100 millions for the Slovak plant is not helping . Think on man.
I thought this was more Brexit craziness for a second
Parliament debates and votes on May's Brexit deal – watch live di
Labour's position is the UK should aspire to have as much influence as Turkey over future trade agreements? Seriously?
At this stage, it is safe to say that the Speaker is trolling the PM. #Brexit #Brexitvote #WithdrawalAgreement
It's nice to hear somebody properly fucking go after Moggie and not let the slippery fucker just ramble a load of fucking pish authoritatively so as to avoid anybody noticing that he talks utter, utter bollocks. Thanks
what will be? #TheresaMay has been warned by Cabinet ministers against reaching out to Labour MPs if her #Brexit deal is rejected.
Deep joy! Excellent work And you continue to brazenly spout lies and misinformation. Charlatan
Well done
#Brexit or #NoBrexit - the European Court of Human Rights is not part of the EU but of the Council of Europe and the UK will remain under its jurisdiction as long as it is a member State of this intergovernmental organisation #ECHR #ECtHR
Nothing will follow if they don't start opposing Brexit, because they won't get in.
I'm sure you will be voting against the deal, , but it's important that you know what your constituents want...
Giving Tories any power is killing more British people imo. I just meant they’re blaming the cull on us and on fake Brexit because of the Referendum. #ToriesOut
LOL Iain Blackford for #SNP standing up and commending Kenneth Clarke for his views on #Brexit pretty much says it all. Kenneth Clarke is a secret #SNP Supporter.
Whatever your Brexit dream was, it doesn’t exist now. Unless, of course, you want to see this country destroyed or you will benefit with your millions off-shore. I don’t really care your choice I do care about Britain going down miserably because of the gullible. #NowWeKnow #FBPE
I can't help but think not being a complete arsehole to anyone who disagrees with him might result in a more productive conversation. We learned zero from this either way.
So within the next 24 hours, the amendments, May’s deal and Labour’s no confidence vote will all have been defeated &amp; we will know what Parliament doesn’t want. Is there a small possibility that before 29.3.19 it will tell us what it does want please? Tick tock #Brexit
Attorney General Geoffrey Cox warns "we are playing with people's LIVES" in desperate last plea to back May's Brexit deal
The Minister is now answering questions following his statement about #JerseyCI's preparations for #Brexit - WATCH LIVE here: #StatesAssembly
Just in case anyone was wondering if other folks on this little ball of fun that we call Earth are thinking that "Great Britain" is a joke with this"Brexit" thing then the answer is yes. 3 year olds could have done a better job and in less time...
The one thing the entire Brexit debate has done is forced people to really examine how the world works. It is clear that votes mean little. Direct action is next, we will not be subsumed into your globalist cabal, we will die fighting you and you can rule over dust and rubble.
Yes, in case anyone's wondering, it wasn't the lies of #RussianAsset #Leave it was just that smart ppl lost patience &amp; the thickies got upset. Thanks for clarifying. #StopBrexitSaveBritain
Rejoice, Rejoice the 29th March grows ever nearer 17,410,742 voted to leave the EU, this can only happen with a Clean WTO deal MPs voted for a Clean WTO deal when they backed the government's European Union Bill by 498 votes to 114 The 2016 People's vote will be respected
Gini out as well... Brexit midfield confirmed.
FITCH SAYS SHOULD A #NODEAL #BREXIT MATERIALISE, THIS WOULD LIKELY HIT UK HOME PRICES AND LEAD TO MUCH SLOWER GROWTH IN IRELAND
Interesting times ahead if this goes through #ireland #BrexitVote #Brexit #tourism #EU
GERMANY has opened the door to a new Brexit deal if Theresa May’s controversial offering is defeated by MPs in the House of...
Love moggy he should replace may RT : Anyone who saw this and doesn’t see Mogg for the cliched self-serving pencil he is needs his head read. As for Minfird’s track record here how he fares in forecasts. (cont.) #lbc
MPs hold final day of debate on PM's Brexit deal ahead of meaningful vote | ITV News - YouTube
The tolling bell is signalling the death knell of the #vote and #Brexit.
If they vote against it, it is because they prefer the betrayal narrative to Brexit, and they cease to be able to claim the majority, the 52%. A fudge will be found that will allow them to support the deal, if the numbers are there to carry it. It's politics.
Given that loves Brexit so much, can all of you please tweet your guesses to him about the margin of defeat/victory you expect for May's deal tonight. He'd really appreciate it
let the Brexit tragedy commence
Well at least something good will happen after Brexit
I'm loving the deep shade being thrown in the Graun's Brexit quiz
It looks like Cornwall is setting up an embassy in Brussels to get some cash post Brexit.
Thank you for your contribution to the Brexit debate
We are praying for withdrawal - your bravery for voting to leave the EU emboldened us all. GO FOR IT
Me again outside #Parliament #leavemeansleave #Brexit
The vote on the UK’s draft withdrawal agreement from the EU has been rescheduled for Jan. 15 via ,
Just stop Brexit, then fix real UK problems.
Don't worry about some fella walking round with a machete last night.deflect onto brexit which has nothing to do with what his job is
Fuck off, Nigel
Don't worry about some fella walking round with a machete last night.deflect onto brexit which has nothing to do with what his job is
This is a good &amp; timely reminder. There is support for EEA (Amendment 51 Jun 2018 won 126 votes inc 75 Labour in the Commons) *if Brexit MUST happen* but its clearly inferior to #Remain (EEA is the option favoured by the "pivot to Norway" group inc Stephen Kinnock)
It's a good 'un! #SpyGate
Many will lose their shirts tonight. Are you trading the markets during the Brexit turmoil?
And there you have it folks. With respect to James O’ Brien. Leading proponent of Hard Brexit shot down by ‘a radio host’ Sleep well Hard Brexiteers.... #remain #nhs
Problem there is that the North, though hostile to Southern Toryism, is quite #Brexit-y outside the city ring roads. London more likely to secede than the North, I reckon.
You'd have done that anyway. Why do ultranationalists label anyone who disagrees with them as traitors? It's very odd. Brexit is against the British people's interests.
Democracy is already dead in the UK. Only Brexit without a deal has any chance of beginning to rebuild the populations faith in parliament
And also achieved zero concessions from the EU while compromising on pretty much every point that will have any value in a post Brexit Britain.. Mayhem May and the Tory shambles is destroying this country
Jacob Rees-Mogg overheard asking Theresa May a question.....
Getting mildly irritated with the presence in all Labour Brexit quotes and scripts of the phrase "Theresa May's botched Brexit deal", because "botched" is a shit word.
Politocal games at the cost of the electorate. Time for a election so brexit can be delivered and all these scaremongers and self i trested arseholes can be booted out
Crash Sequence &amp; Brexit Volatility vs Wave Patterns
James O'Brien's Unmissable Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote - LBC
UK financial assets and pound will rally if PM gets her way on Brexit #Forex #FX #Macro # Commodities #Trading #Investing #Stocks #Bonds
#UK: PM May looks set for a sizeable defeat with many suggesting that the Prime Minister could lose by at least 100+ votes. Get your analysis from : #Brexit
Happy Brexit John.
MPs seize on German minister's suggestion of further #Brexit talks
May Will Lose the Brexit Vote Tonight; Here's What Happens Next
David Cameron has a lot to answer for. #Brexit is going to overhang U.K. politics for years. All the time the get let off the hook for the #nhs, accessible transport, lack of social housing, mental health care and other issues.
On the bright side, maybe the Beeb is acknowledging that Alastair Campbell is worth any four Brexiters.
Is everyone forgetting if May had won the last GE with a substantial majority she was going to impose the hardest BREXIT.
I am hosting a F*** Brexit party tonight with gin &amp; tonic, ginger beer, Swiss white wine, and copious cups of tea. Hopefully not all mixed together. A sad day for all of us EuroBrits.
Refreshingly balanced view from the Guardian......
No loss of freedom or racism in the Norway option and it's the most popular
The world will be completely different by 2040. The borders of Europe will have been redrawn. A very valid reason for BrExit is to avoid the carnage of the current EU collapsing while the underlying forces restructure European geopolitics.
energyyyyyyy
DAVIS: German industry 'very afraid' of No Deal Brexit. Germany’s Foreign Minister has said that “there could be further talks” if MPs reject May’s deals.
utterly demolishes JRM in this high speed road crash interview. It's understandable in watching/listening to this why James in no longer on #Newsnight - he is just too good to fall for political agendas, the guy is B.R.I.L.L.I.A.N.T.
Government ‘sneaks out’ £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote
#Brexit A question for my British fellow tweeters. Is your Attorney-General, Geoffrey Cox, under the delusion that he's Sir Michael Redgrave in Fame is the Spur?
Demanding more morality in advertising, means you want death of advertising. If you want to have good example of the danger of advertising entering political/morality arenas, you don't have to look further than #Brexit. It's a fundamentally dishonest business.
The Slithy Gove wants to start with a minimal Brexit, then ratchet it up to 11 when we are out. Murdoch’s man right through.
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
Britain's big Brexit vote: What happens in parliament?
And in other news...today is the Brexit vote in the GB parliament. has a live feed to the debate.
#GeoffreyCox is correct that #revocation is conditional upon what amounts to a sincere cancellation of #Brexit, but #KenClarke is also right to doubt that this amounts to an inability to ever invoke #article50 again. Unfortunately. #BrexitVote
Get voting! #Brexit
Parliament today is trying today stop brexit the wish of 17.4 mill people they should all resign and jets have a GE
This fool must wake up every morning and thank the Lord for Chris Grayling.
May Delays Brexit Vote Until 30th Of February
Brexiters say that this is a Remainer Parliament. But this Parliament was democratically elected a year after the referendum, by “the people”. If Parliament rejects Brexit today, it is only representing the people of this Country.
We wouldn't even be imagining Brexit, let alone dealing with the mess, if more MPs had been truthful enough to say this at some point in the past 40yrs. Instead they hid behind the pernicious stories in the press ("Ban Bendy Bananas" etc) as a scapegoat for their policy failings.
Today #Parliament must #VoteNo #VoteDownTheDeal #BrexitDeal #brexit #BrexitMeansBrexit
Hi I know you'll probably vote for this but please remember most of your constituents voted #Remain #Brexit #BrexitVote
Deal or no deal? Theresa May’s Brexit vote, explained.
Glad to be (trying) to work on something totally unrelated to Brexit and the UK... but it's hard to look away
I’m not saying the Brexit/football debate has been going on for too long, but when it started we were figuring out whether Dimitri Payet had enough France caps to be able to stay at West Ham
No one supports May's deal, it doesn't deliver remain or the brexit that was promised. And leaving in any fashion would only be the start of a process that will last decades!
Yes, I repeat your attempt to portray Brexit as a Tory issue is completely wrong.
If you asked me what's more of a Shit show out of Arsenal and Brexit, I wouldnt be able to give you an answer
Please RT
Except labour voted against the means to escape austerity for Scotland. Except labour abstained on austerity votes in Westminster. Except labour are in coalition with tories in Scottish councils- keeping the largest party (SNP) out of governance. Except labour back brexit -
PROVE ME WRONG A Norwegian EU trade deal with implementation of the EU's own provisions for Freedom of Movement (have a job before arriving or leave after 3 months without one) is now by far the best Brexit option.
All the reports suggest the UK Parliament is going to vote against Theresa May’s Brexit proposal this evening.She’s seen this coming for a while. She’s tried to get the EU to change the terms and failed.She’s tried to negotiate with different factions within parliament and failed
New post (Wells Fargo, JP Morgan and Brexit Vote Challenge US Stock Markets Today) has been published on - With premarket trading in the green, including Dow Futures, US stock markets may be bound for a rise. But, trading confidence will be... -
Ian Blackford needs to work on his pronunciation of 'general election' if he's to stop me sniggering at his speech. I'm reminded of Life of Brian #HoP #Brexit #BrexitVote
LIVE: PM vows to respond 'quickly' as she faces huge Brexit deal defeat
Seeing a few interesting setups on the GBP pairs but tonight's BREXIT vote keeps yelling
WE'RE BACK. Colin &amp; James discuss the US #shutdown, #Bandersnatch and tonight's #Brexit vote, as well as Mission Impossible news and Game of Thrones hype.
As our 650 elected reprehensibles prepare to engage in #BrexitVote - a meaningless choice between 5 possible turds - a small reminder of the sort of thing these EU "allies" get up to: When will Euronauts open their eyes?
I support Labour above all, but I definitely have a softspot for the SNP and they do make a nice and compelling anti-Brexit case.
Is that your follow up book to ‘what the fuck happens now? ‘Brexit: it’s a shitting disaster’.
here's with a great preview to tonight's season finale of 'United Kingdom'
talking to on . Tune in through the day and evening for the latest debate and voices on Brexit.
For me and you, maybe... What is the fuss all about #brexit?
Brexit amendments explained - how tonight's historic vote will unfold
Merkel won't help: Berlin denies sweetening Brexit deal ahead of seemingly doomed vote in Parliament — RT World News #
The Scots are fuming... and rightfully so. They're being taken out of the #EU against their will. #brexit #meaningfulvote #indyref2
How about a general election where both major parties pledged support to exiting the EU and the one that was most successful pledged a 'hard brexit'? Only those who oppose brexit anyway doubt that election's mandate To say the least there's democratic legitimacy behind no deal
#Brexit likely to impact all areas of #HR and the #workforce. Listen to our EY People Advisory Services webcast recording where we discuss the suggestions for immediate actions to take in the run up to Brexit.
Pot meet kettle.
(Rees-Mogg: No deal is the legal fall-back position of Brexit) -
The Bores have shown their hands early and expect to announce Colin as their manager soon. #Brexit
Certainly feel like we have been forgotten. #lackofsleep #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Welp.
Someone needs to organise the Leave voters. If the 17.4M decided NOT to vote for any MPs who campaigned for Remain, we might redress the imbalance in Parliament. Vote only for a PRO-Brexit candidate. Or go one step further and don't vote for LIBLABCON!
Name Something worse than brexit? Me:
It’s not ALL about the backstop. Don’t be fooled into thinking that any ground gained on that is a victory against the EU. #BREXIT
Any websites with live news that you can recommend for following along today's Brexit vote? Thanks.
Democracy is already dead in the UK. Only Brexit without a deal has any chance of beginning to rebuild the populations faith in parliament
All of the above. All of which are drastically affected by Brexit, the elephant in the austerity room. Failing to deal with Brexit makes it far, far, far harder to deal with *any* of these, let alone all of them. If you care about any of them, you should care about Brexit.
Get to fuck
The view from Europe. #Brexit A polite request from Europe: wake us up when you know what you want from Brexit | Joris Luyendijk
Second Brexit Referendum Is Not Jeremy Corbyn's 'Preferred Option' If He Fails To Trigger General Election
I think the 4th one is basically saying if no backstop solution, no Brexit. Correct me if I'm wrong If so, EU will say yes
Brexit Vote: Parliament to Decide on E.U. Withdrawal Plan
I found this a welcome distraction from today's Brexit horror show - the first ever film in the ancient Babylonian language: "The Poor Man of Nippur" (Some of you may need subtitles)
To say I'm nervous about today's vote is an understatement but more frustrated that the public's views simply do not matter. Brexit WILL happen and HAS to happen, democracy will be tarnished if not. #brexithell
No matter what happens in the afternoon, all glasses will be half empty. #Brexit #EU #Europe #uk #politics #illustrationart #draft #sketchbook #sketch #drawingoftheday
Another brexit irony; post brexit a French company will run our visa system.
proving he can both lie and mistake anarchy for democracy: "The argument is no longer so much about the form of Brexit, it's about are we still a democracy? People voted to leave, they didn't vote for a deal and this deal doesn't actually make us leave."
This. This is the real betrayal of democracy. This.
James O'Brien's Unmissable Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote
Yeah, that’s a great way to win people over. Insult them.
Wells Fargo, JP Morgan and Brexit Vote Challenge US Stock Markets Today #blockchain #bitcoin #crypto
Don't worry everyone, Boreham Wood FC have solved Brexit.
Spot the bully in the Westminster playground ? ?
From the last person on Earth that should throw the word vacuum around
Traitor #MayMustGoNow How dare she ignore our vote and give our UK away. Our brave men/women fought for our freedom.We deserve better. More info from EU showing #WorseDealinHistory
Watch it and RT pls people
Brexit jargon explained: The Withdrawal Agreement via
We have computer-modelled a General Election in which both major parties back Brexit:
Parliament is divided on Brexit, but so too is the country - along generational lines. What role does technology have in bringing younger and older people closer together and reducing loneliness at this time of division?
Tory flashes notes predicting 'No food', no Channel tunnel' after no-deal Brexit
Rentagob LBC guy outwitted by JRM
What a collosal, lying turd is
Ridiculous. Who does Theresa May think she is? God Almighty? If she doesn't resign she should be forced out. She has had her chance and has made a complete mess of #Brexit. Enough is enough is enough.
Opinion: Irish Americans Will Not Accept Brexit Dividing Ireland Once Again
Behind the Brexit headlines...meanwhile in north Belfast.
Thank you. You aren’t my MP but I appreciate your commitment. In the 21st century it shouldn’t be necessary but perhaps redressing this anachronism is on the post #Brexit list.
It's really weird this Brexit thing 1 Campaign to leave EU 2 Presented w a perfectly fine plan for leaving EU 3 Even *consider* voting no? It makes no sense
BBC News - Great Yarmouth: A town that wants a no-deal Brexit
Could a no-deal Brexit lead to violence on Irish border?
Attorney General blasts MPs for 'playing games' on Brexit via
Subscribe Here to get a few chapters for FREE from the book Please #RT #gold #silver #stocks #trading #trades #markets #Investing #today #rich #education #hope #dreams #Giveaway #free #positivity #focus #goals #life #money #success #fun #levelup #brexit
SNP The most vulnerable in our society will pay the price for Brexit I like to tell him IT WAS THE MOST VUNERABLE IN OUR SOCIETY THAT VOTED FOR LEAVE
never said a word about this topics #RO2019EU
he can sod off. Mendacious hypocrite &amp; first rate #Brexiter Just like he is self obsessed and in fact he is her best ally #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy
Ooh managed to Geoffery_Cox off the West End Stage to make a comeback performance. The depths that will stoop to. She #Maybot will have the biggest defeat since 1924, then it will be goodbye from him and goodbye from her. Totally Incompetent,Arrogant PM Woman
Is your #supplychain #brexit - ready? Speak with for expert advice #brexitdisrpution #brexitborders #brexitdelays #brexitcustoms #brexitdover
Competitive countdowns, or ups. Shutdown length: 1pr955gz3ryl20hg2ekyr5vmr3tm9zqn36v; March toward Brexit:
Brexit timeline: key dates in UK’s divorce from EU via
Putin caused political disarray in England (with brexit) and with Ireland. He is currently doing it in France. Putin's also obviously doing that right now in America thru Trump in this stupid wall.
*Sigh*
I am just listening to your talk @ the parlement &amp; am grateful about how correctly &amp; precisely you explaine all my concerns &amp; that of other remainders about implications of Brexit. Thank you.
Exactly. What about JLR ?.. Honda, Ford all have attributed Brexit to at least some of their issues.
Not sure they think we are intelligent enough to put that to a vote. They already say people who voted brexit didn't knwo what they were voting for. I agree with you though, If there is to be another vote, that should be it
again, if we have a #PeoplesVote we are handing a new mandate back to the #tories which will allow them to keep their #austerity regime in place! why would working people want this? stop helping the tories! #GeneralElectionNow #BrexitVote #GTTO
Toff tory fox hunting tosser!
Its not too late to email Lucy Frazer at lucy.frazer.mp .uk. Tell her what you think. Don't forget to include your postal address and name
Today's Brexit 101: lots of Parliamentary procedural geekery, as MPs move obscure amendments and motions to try to constrain govt position on Brexit/hold it accountable (depending on your view)
dispels the myths that surround the #WithdrawalAgreement #BackTheDeal
Blackford[SNP]: It is the most vulnerable in society who will pay the biggest price for Brexit. Those that are disabled. Those that rely on our public services. There is no question that public services will be poorer... why are we punishing people to that extent? #meaningfulvote
are stealing your pension credit - alert
How it’s done. Shame that #r4today can’t cut the mustard. Shame that ‘hard hitting political interview’ specialists #JohnHumphrys Not up to the job.
Would be fairly happy with Boris, Esther McVey or David Davis, maybe at a push Hunt, but certainly not the Weasel Gove or Incompetent Rudd. To be honest, very disillusioned with pretty much all politicians at present, Brexit has highlighted just how crap most of them are!
In anticipation of today's vote, I'm proud to share my colleague 's analysis on #Brexit
The day has come. MP's are currently debating on 's Brexit deal with the final vote to take place this evening. In case of a defeat, the PM has 3 days to come back in the with a new plan. To be or not to be? #BrexitVote
Great politician believing that not every vote counts?! Don’t bother voting people, that ‘one’ doesn’t make a difference.
"Did Patrick Minford say British manufacturing would be eliminated because if Brexit?". Mogg couldn't give a straight answer to that question, about the economic expert he holds up as the best in his field and the basis for his sunlit uplands. It's all a bit emperor's new clothes
Because he is one of the very few Tories that actually makes sense over Brexit.
I thought the negotiations for brexit trade were going to be the easiest deal in history? Thats what bojo the sage said, and the vile farage. #WhatHappened
If your children came first you wouldn’t be supporting Brexit!
Great interview. I do hope your former colleagues at note it and learn some lessons about how to grapple with a slippery politician!
Sven was Mr G man. They were partners in vision. We can Expect Arsenal to become more Latin European if Brexit allows it
Shouldnt laugh, but you have to.
the truth is revealed
- makes last-ditch plea urging MPs to back Brexit deal. #TheresaMay #BrexitDeal #BrexitVote
Well there’s another reason not to back her terrible deal
Support for a second Brexit referendum reaches 68% in Scotland. Across the UK, 60% of people want another vote. Will the Government listen? #Brexit #BrexitChaos
How to claim compensation for delayed or cancelled flights #travel
I am bloody appalled how few MPs are in the House of Commons #brexit #brexitdebate #MeaningfulVote
Won't something think of our butter and bacon???
EU confirms no UK MEPs means default Brexit 2 July latest. New ref ruled out by timescale The former president of the European Council has told the BBC this morning that while the EU might grant an extension to Article 50, the maximum extension would b…
#EC is a cancer.
Indeed
The way some of those clowns go on about the "Referendum Result" sounds like this....
My my- the soundness! #Brexit
This is the picture in my mind whenever I hear the word Brexit
Thanks. It does suggest we are aiming to keep to EU tariffs. No logic for this. Why have a tariff on oranges when we don't grow any?
gon stop wi this Brexit shite just go us another Scottish referendum and we’ll fuck off
Theresa May's Brexit deal set for devastating historic defeat in Commons vote: Mrs May made clear she would not back away from Brexit in response
Any websites with live news that you can recommend for following along today's Brexit vote? Thanks.
He would say that his peerage depends on it !
In short: Parliament Vs The People. Gov plan is to ram through the Withdrawal Deal (the 21st century Treaty of Versailles) over and over again and the House of Commons wants to overturn Brexit completely. Modern Democracy is about to die in the country of its birth.
speaking passionately and cogently about the reality this country faces. #brexit is a disaster of catastrophic proportions and must be rethought. #trump is not going to throw the UK a trade deal sized bone. Brexit punishes the poor.
Well said Ed #LetsGoWTO #NoDealBrexitBrexit #NoDealNoProblem #nodeal #LeaveMeansLeave
Another for your radio show... RT : The magistrate agreed many people are sick of Brexit - but that was no excuse for spelling rude words with Christmas lights
#vince cable # ian blackford thank you.
The CEO of BMW?
BBC News - Theresa May facing crunch vote on her Brexit deal REMAIN!
RABID REMAINER Dominic Grieve MP was described in Telegraph 2018 by BREXITEER JRM MP as the man supping with the Tony Blair devil to reverse BREXIT, this is because Tony Blair: Democracy Doesn't Work, But Totalitarianism Will Alex Jones 2015
Can’t help thinking even when May’s Brexit deal is defeated it’s going to sprout spider legs and make a run for it.
Hahahahaha fuck off. Have we seriously got to the point where a fucking conference team is releasing statements on Brexit? Anglos are the actual strangest.
I really hope Brexit will be a no go and the UK will remain a member of the EU. I admit I am kind of nervous what wil happen if we decided to settle down in the UK.
AND we freed Europe from Hitler in WW2! 'We fought TERRORISTS to stay in UK!' DUP warning for eurocrats trying to break up UK
1st I thought you were talking bollocks then realised it was complete and utter bollocks Brexit is dead in the water and payback will be a bitch and you can run but can't hide
"A political fight upon a great question which stirs men's passions cannot long be conducted without bitterness.." Winston S. Churchill #insightful #wordsofwisdom #stillrelevant #politics #Brexit
The CBI is subsidised by the EU.
Today is a day for big questions and big decisions. At the Emporium, we've been debating furiously and we want to know your thoughts on our own meaningful vote. No, not #Brexit silly! Once and for all, are you a #cat person or a #dog person? #meaningfulvote
Standing outside the Houses of Parliament this afternoon. It’s loud, chaotic and busy. There’s a carnival like atmosphere... really bizarre. #Brexit #BrexitVote
I have re-read his tweet a few times now trying to see what angle you are aiming at but it eludes me. He hasnt said poverty would be eradicated if we remain, nor has he said Brexit/referendum caused poverty.
and another episode to add tonight.
I'm desperate to hear the opinion on #Brexit by
I've seen a tweet where someone has linked that new Gillette advert to Brexit. I think I'm ready to check out of planet earth now.
id take ao Brexit for a labour government to end homeless, universal credit, pfi in the nhs, and anything the tories have touched to credit swap at Morgan Stanley. ;)
Thats right, polling showed remain winning by a landslide, but the didn't. The peoples vote is an anti democratic attempt by the establishment to block brexit not a grassroots movement
Brexit is whatever we wish it to be. It is our future relationship outside of the EU, that can be completely away or nice and cosy. The British people voted to leave the EU not for May’s red lines!
Name one FACTUAL benefit of No Deal Brexit then?
I really enjoy this and no issues here with huge Remain agenda broadcaster haranguing his guest. Unlike the BBC Remain agenda LBC’s JOB is not tax payer funded - so bias is fair game. But comes out 2nd best to the Mogg.
Have you asked him? But it was not that type of "sophistry" that led to #Brexit it was a desire to return to Self Governance! Not Brussels! Guy Verhofstadt loses it and demands more power be transferred to the EU via
BrExit needs to happen immediately. Only way out of this mess.
Please God
Democracy is already dead in the UK. Only Brexit without a deal has any chance of beginning to rebuild the populations faith in parliament
Germany says EU ready to talk if UK rejects Brexit deal
No Brexit now more likely than a no-deal departure - May
When the Brexit vote is a few hours away
No it’s probably how it felt when Nazi Germany was defeated, or when communism was smashed in Eastern Europe. Brexit is the best thing to happen to Britain since the end off WW2. Trump and Brexit are thorns in the side of the global elite. Ones the NWO were not expecting so soon.
Thank-you to all my guests this morning for sharing their differing views on Brexit. MPs will vote on Theresa May’s deal later today. (Also a big thank-you to for opening up early to host us)
the BBC say that they have published on their website a simple guide to BREXIT. Perhaps you and Comrade John can find the time to read it.
never said a word about these topics #RO2019EU
BBCNEWS 6:39am BREXIT DEAL VOTE. MPs will vote tonight on proposed deal to leave ELL I
, Revoke &amp; Reconsider.
Brexit: Six things EU could do if Theresa May's deal gets voted down
ON THE PHONE| Reuters UK Economic Correspondent William Schomberg discusses key vote on Brexit taking place in the UK Today Join the discussion here:
This argument is bonkers. How can you know how long each voter will live after they voted? #Brexit will have consequences after I am dead, and I'm in my 50's, but that shouldn't mean that I am stopped from voting.
Of course they are #VW #Audi #BMW #Mercedes ..... imagine if the Uk stops buying them ........#kaput
Definitely a must read if you don't understand Brexit.
No chance... She won't go... All part of the bigger plan to kill off Brexit because they believe the British people will just roll over and say "well what can we do, we can't do anything".... Because years of bollocks from the EU has turned us all into puppies...
UK parliament are voting on the Brexit deal today. If the pro-Brexit PM LOSES, it could either be the end of Brexit (UK still in EU) or there is no deal, which means the terms default to the worst possible outcome, losing the UK hundreds of thousands of jobs.
More peaceful but vocal #brexit (pro and con) interleaved crowds
There are concerns that one of the country’s main ports is not prepared for Brexit, despite Government plans for a €45 million improvement scheme
How can she push on with the deal if MPs vote against it? Am I missing something? Or has she totally lost the plot? Or is she planning a military coup or something? (I'm only half joking.)
Brexit FC
I feel sorry for Teresa May, she was landed this job coz David Cameron wouldn’t do what the people wanted and forge a Brexit deal.
Neil Warnock said what he believes. He’s an elderly gentleman who has his own political beliefs. So fuck ? Grow up and move on. There are more important issues this country is dealing with at minute like Brexit and London knife crime.
Tonight is going to be remarkable. Brexit vote!
Our friend Sir Keir Starmer sets out Labour's stance on the Brexit vote
What a condescending tone, . You need to get out of London more. UKIP won the last EU elections. UKIP were only party campaigning to leave. 17,4 million people then voted to leave. If Labour and Tory MPs block Brexit, how could UKIP not run in next EU elections?
The government is about to suffer a colossal defeat, possibly the largest ever for a government, with only three Labour rebels, and the narrative is still "Labour are facilitating Tory brexit".
Wells Fargo, JP Morgan and Brexit Vote Challenge US Stock Markets Today
Panic time.Anxious Brits have bought hundreds of food-prepper 'Brexit Boxes'
UK is suffering financially due to Brexit.. this is one way to recover losses..
Brexit, Steve King, Carol Channing: Your Tuesday Briefing
plenty of ordinary people voted Remain &amp; plenty of rich elites want Brexit.
The most Vulnerable will be poorer because of Brexit! Donald J Trump will eat the Brexit UK alive! Our people need to grow up.
Germany says EU ready to talk if UK rejects Brexit deal
They are very good jobs If you can get one ..... European Self appointed government ... a dream job why wouldn’t you oppose #brexit if you had one. Definitely time to get out And why not go without...
The UK Bankers crash/fraud,Austerity and the cutting back of All Social Services happened under the Umbrella of the European Union Commission. There must be a better way.! #Brexit. #Homeless
Brexit’s on the brink and you’re fucking about in Finland. Your place is outside Parliament trying to get your boat race on TV, what are you playing at woman?
There is no Brexit Dividend, No Uncontrolled Immigration to stop, No laws repatriated, No closer U.K. union, No Global Ulster, No State Aid, No new jobs, No strong £, No security in Identity politics. Just 3 less MEPs, less money+trade and border issues.
Brexit is already being used by the Brexiteers to disenfranchise and leave people behind. It is being used as a smokescreen. Only by reversing the decision will that smokescreen be lifted and can the real underlying issues be addressed.
If May's deal is rejected tonight, there seems to be only two realistic options: no deal or no Brexit. A range of opinion polls over the last few weeks suggests that the latter would be more popular and by some margin. And surely the only way to decide that is with a #PeoplesVote
Is it possible that Arlene never crossed the border?
Oh do fxxk off get your head out of Farages underpants wake up and smell the coffee Brexit is dead in the water and payback will be a bitch and you can run but can't hide sonny
Corbyn is ignoring party policy as the so-called Leader just as he did for years as a back-bencher
Important point for many here, espically in light of oncoming No Deal Brexit, as Attorney General tells Ken Clarke that to revoke Article 50, UK must demonstrate that Brexit is being cancelled #BrexitVote (FAO: #FBPE people)
If Labour support Remain, they keep Labour Remain votes and lose Labour Leave votes. If Labour support Leave, they keep Labour Remain and keep Labour Leave. It's been very simple all along. While Labour Remainers kept voting for a Corbyn Labour, Brexit was inevitable.
Not a good look Aaron this using stats the same way Alistair Campbell would. I'm pretty sure the 28% who want Brexit cancelled would vote for a people's vote if that option wasn't on there
- is it Brexit or business as usual? #Brexit #smartinsight
Racist Brexit Britain.
Shower o shite
Me, every time a TV news vox poppet parrots the tabloid fiction that parliament is being undemocratic/unconstitutional/irresponsible/childish/embarrassing over Brexit...
#peoplesvote cultists won't be talking about this.
Subversing Democracy...but Voting for a dictator who would turn the country into a Fascist Dictatorship because that’d be the democratic thing to do?...what
Brexit is a monstrosity! #PeoplesVote
Credit to #PostApocalyptic #brexit
"It's very nasty of her to say that #Brexit would be frustrated" says Professor David Collins from as will close 5 days of #BrexitDebate tonight.
The country deserves so much better than this totally inadequate agreement, says shadow solicitor general Nick Thomas-Symonds Debate on Brexit deal continues in the Commons:
so biased ,lbc should now be called the bbc extension channel,full of shit ,never one did he let mogg finish what he was saying,propper remoaner
For all #Brexit nerds in Brussels tonight: there will be a gathering for live watching the #MeaningfulVote in James Joyce pub as of 7pm. Do come along!
Whilst I don’t want to point out the paucity of your argument, are you proposing that we leave bridges half built and lay off all the people working on the project? If that’s what you mean that’s fine, more job losses as a result of Brexit doesn’t fit with what we were promised.
For all #Brexit nerds in Brussels tonight: there will be a gathering for live watching the #MeaningfulVote in James Joyce pub as of 7pm. Do come along!
MEPs pen letter urging UK to reconsider Brexit
The UK will not be able to feed itself without the help of seasonal non-UK labour after Brexit, according to the head of a Scottish farming union.
I tell you what has really got my goat about that Boreham Wood Brexit statement. That errant apostrophe.
As the vital &amp; heartfelt debate in Parliament about Brexit proceeds before the momentous vote, the only thing to bring relief at the stress of it all, temporarily bringing agreement across the aisles, is when Kenneth Clarke, Father of the House, mentions Trump. Laughter. #brexit
I’ll help you bcos like most leavers you try &amp; accuse the other side of the very things you are culpable of lazy being one of them! Here’s a balanced article looking at both sides! You appear to be the bot - hallmarked by inability to think for yourself!
So I've been busy on something the last couple of months with the brilliant and everyone see at . Here's the result. We've 'done' a book. A real, actual, proper book. Just in time for Brexit. Publishing in March 2019
#Brexit: Could leaving with no deal cause traffic jams?
#Opinion: The #Brits and Their Maths; How a numbers problem helped create the #Brexit mess.
reuters|May faces defeat in parliament over Brexit plan|
Best Laid Plans and Contingencies - Alison Hall reports on #Brexit and its possible impact on the agricultural community #DealOrNoDeal #NorthEastHour
Fantastic
Health and safety arrangements if there is no deal. #brexit
No, it really doesn't. It has the potential to make it far worse &amp; almost certainly under a Tory government but Brexit doesn't automatically equate to greater or continued austerity, the argument that it does by definition, is not the argument of an economist
German industry, yes. German government? Not so much. They're not gonna do anything which threatens the integrity of the common market (such as giving the UK a bespoke deal); even if it means the one country Germany can rely on to push market-based policy leaving.
The very notion of the need for any deal other than a free trade agreement is utterly fictitious. They have used Neuro-Liguistic Programming techniques to convince people that a deal is needed and no deal is a disaster. Brexit needs no deal. We just repeal the treaties. #brexit
The meaningful vote on Brexit will happen around 8.30pm GMT (3.30pm EST), with the result shortly after. May is expected to lose by a huge margin (200-ish). What happens next is anyone's guess
You know very well that voting to leave a club of which we are a member is a totally different proposition to joining a club of which we are not. To save the myriad benefits of EU Membership we enjoy, Brexit must be stopped. Now. #StopBrexitSaveBritain #PeoplesVote
Oh dear, that's tonight? Will May's govt fall? Will the U.S. political news simply seize the news cycle once again?
This sort of thing is my theory of why #Brexit happened. UK Parliamentarians seem to think *they* can decide and vote on how the whole EU acts. That they can override international treaties #Brexit
Hi All Read this article. If you are truly Brexiteers, then tell The House Of Commons, what is in this article, before the vote tonight. Alex B
an amendment "seeks to limit the scope of the backstop by saying it is temporary, and that international law decrees the UK can unilaterally end the withdrawal agreement if there is any attempt to extend the backstop beyond 2021." #Brexit
Who's ready to sterling party tonight? Baby what a bash... 6 or so hours to go... #brexit
The other #Brexit amendment "This states that the UK would have the right to terminate it [the backstop] without the say-so of the EU."
#Brexit alert: govt about to change the law on prescribing, to deal with 'serious shortages' of medicines. Statutory instrument to be laid today. Key issue - who by &amp; how a patient's meds can be substituted if they run out? #seriousshortages
The sheer *arrogance* of it. UK MPs just can't seem to get it around their head that this is an international treaty, that the UK isn't the boss. That there are 2 "equal" partners. #Brexit
The fact that UK MPs seem to think that such a fundamental part of the #Brexit WA is still up for grabs.... That _Great_ Britain should still be the winner, is (IMO) why Brexit happened. They just can't believe the UK isn't #1
Blog
The most disadvantaged in our society will suffer by the outcome of Brexit. But the well-off will gain. So our MPs should vote with their intellect and not their supporters pockets. This vote is about distribution of wealth. #Parliament #brexitdebate #brexitvote
(Does anyone seriously expect the #Brexit withdrawl agreement to pass? I guess 'no' wins by ~100 votes)
Meet The New #Brexit 'Doomsday Preppers': Housewives Stockpiling Food And Medicine
Another #Brexit referendum isn't a guarantee. If MPs think that the UK is still strong enough to get the EU to throw away the backstop, what does the average voter think?
Brexit explained: What is the transition period and why is it so important? via
Only a hard, no-deal #Brexit will convince enough of the English people that their nation isn't so powerful and they should *ask* to rejoin the EU.
Anyone in Scotland falling for the labour line that fighting austerity is more important than Brexit, needs to remember that 1) both things can occur simultaneously 2) look at Slab and their refusal to work with the SNP on this.
Sounds a convenient excuse given Brexit hasn't happened yet.
Here’s what you need to know about Brexit
Brexit will be glorious if we have but the balls of steel to negotiate it with
Why is he given so much unconstrained airtime? Why isn’t anyone challenging his ‘money, borders, laws, refrain. It’s ludicrous. #Brexit
Much of the speculation about outcome of #Brexit vote is what would represent an 'acceptable' or 'unacceptable' margin of defeat for - tells you a lot about remote prospects of getting deal over finishing line #BrexitVote
Brexit was a dry run for Trump, btw, and now it’s being used in France, Germany, Italy, Hungary etc. And if there’s a second ref they’ll be at it again, except this time people are watching.
Brilliant to have on campus today, filming the opinions of our politics students ahead of tonight's big Brexit vote! #BrexitVote #BrexitDeal
It’s not as good as EU membership. But it’s the least bad that Brexit can be. Is it time to compromise?
EU know it’s all about having a plan! Read Andy Bewick's #article in the latest copy of the business magazine #coventry #Warwickshire #business #Brexit
Cabinet Source: May Could Resign if She Suffers Heavy #Brexit Vote Defeat
Stocks edge up on Chinese growth plan, ahead of Brexit vote #Brexit
Please share this.
Your right if she stood by the people she would have no trouble getting back in at the GE
Chaos isn't going to be *gebändigt* for a while yet
#Brexit Deal No Deal Low Disaster High Disaster Britain Parliament Decides Today Either Way We Are Heading Towards Disaster #BrexitVote
I'm at Westminster for non-Brexit stuff today and let me tell you, it is absolutely manic. A UKIP lady shouted at me because I wouldn't cheer her placard! No neonazis in sight, an unexpected plus.
I feel like Brexit is now like Season 9 of 24. With all premises and positions predictable and hackneyed, the only way through it is with drinking games. "Set up a perimeter" - Drink "The backstop is subject to international law and cannot be time limited by parliament" Drink
So, stay in and watch the clusterf*** unfold that is Brexit, or go to mansfield and watch ? Hmmm, tough one!
google-news|Brexit Vote: Parliament to Decide on E.U. Withdrawal Plan|
Or brexit May happen on the 5th referendum (Brexit 3:2 no Brexit)
Quiz: how well have you been following Brexit? - The Guardian via #technews #technology
Personally I believe this was on the cards all along. If Brexit is cancelled then some people are going to make a lot of money from the stock market and currency exchanges
Time for Jeremy to step up and finally start listening to Labour supporters. Brexit will destroy jobs and public services.
It's like the village fête of your worst nightmares #BrexitVote #Brexit #parliamentsquare
He's imitating May preparing for a no deal / no food Brexit
reuters|Stocks tripped by earnings angst, sterling huddled for Brexit vote|
It's ironic that only cabbages are calling for a people's vote.
My brexit deal for my vip clients on 2.42 pm. Made massive profits with proof. For vip group just whatsapp +61411206866 #forex #forextrader #forexsignals #forexprofit #forexsignal #forexmoney #forexstrategy #forexgroup #forexmarket #forexmentor #forextraining
Concerns Brexit uncertainties will drag on w/
Brexit means exit #BrexitDay
Not ruddy likely. In 5 years after Brexit we shall all be driving British made, and the old foreign models sold back to Europe as scrap. Now that’s what we call industry and business success and it won’t be possible without Brexit
Really confused about Brexit... The Brits don’t want “colonialism”, but they have a Muslim invasion problem and have elected a Muslim as Mayor of London. I said “invasion”. Yes! When you have a few people come...
That only they can be the arbiters of the will of the public. #BrexitVote
Remain in his shed and die along with may.
What a twat. Has this idiot seen what his party has done to this country? Their need for power ahead of national interest has led us to this mess. Biggest kids in the UK
Wells Fargo, JP Morgan and Brexit Vote Challenge US Stock Markets Today
British MPs are set to vote on Tuesday whether to support Prime Minister #Brexit_deal and set the country on its final road to leaving the EU …
The Romanian presidency is going to be a tough one. Europe has its problems, the elections on top of it, people are fixated with Brexit, and the issues in Romania won't make things easier. So far the Commission at least seemed supportive of . Let's see how this evolves.
Come along and join us tommorow between 3 and 7pm, food and drink on the go, it would be rude not to! Come chat contract flooring and brexit! Register FREE via
Hard Brexit to hit Danish bacon, butter exports to Britain: OECD
Tory Government 2016-19: - govt no one wanted/voted a majority for - govt of out of control departments - govt who wasted time during Brexit negotiations - govt presiding over education crisis - govt selling out on public services #BrexitChaos #weneedlabour #PMQs
Local Authorities are just starting to emerge from the hole 2010 put them in, lets not push them into an even bigger one with a No Deal Brexit
'Joining EU was almost as toxic as Brexit'
Absolutely.
It on a walk with a pal this morning, I said exactly this: "What's the betting that Theresa May comes back in three days with her deal unchanged and calls it her Plan B?" If the SNP did that, would explode with its typical unionist indignation.
And all the while the three choices on the table haven’t changed. - TM’s Deal (or Maybe Norway) - No deal - No Brexit Something has to give sooner or later.
Brexit: New customs gadget 'may take 5 years'
Would have liked to have gone along today. I see two UKIP banners, three Leave Means Leave banners and hundreds and hundreds of EU flags. Good work
World class trolling
Brexit vote latest news: Theresa May warned by Cabinet ministers not to reach out to Labour MPs if her deal is crushed via
Brexit: Showdown im Unterhaus
Sir Vince, we know what you want, please ask your colleagues (of all parties) to want it too. Signed, a concerned and despairing constituent.
I've never rubbernecked at a motorway car crash, but I'm doing it now, with Brexit. It's a pile-up on a spaghetti junction in the rush hour and I can't help myself but stare, wide-eyed
Its amazing how many people want to commit national economic suicide just because they think there’ll be a few less immigrants.
A reversal on Brexit (a Bre-entry?) finally seems on the horizon.
It’s hilarious and sad that Britain’s elite have to dragged kicking and screaming into Brexit. It’s like they are undergoing an exorcism.
Conservatives in UK reaching (yet another) turning point in their Brexit shambles. So many dumb nationalist promises.
So your fine if Parliament rejects Brexit without taking it to the people then ?
Frank Field now likely to back deal; “delivers on #Brexit” &amp; avoids “crashing out” which would “put manufacturing jobs at risk.”
's #News Newsletter for Jan 15 is out, featuring “Don't blame Brexit for UK economic wobbles, says…”
The #BrexitTheUncivilWar is a great Film to watch on Channel Four to understand the truth behind #Brexit, referendum &amp; the shambolic scam! What a brilliant acting by #BenedictCumberbatch covers the facts about the frauds by so many #Tories
Disgraceful. Particularly given the way the Conservatives broke their agreements last time round.
Let us hope the UK Parliament remembers the Brexit referendum today
Go Betty she is owning it! And always has...
Competitive countdowns Shutdown: Brexit:
Take part in this quarter’s Manufacturing Barometer on Supplier Strategies: Last quarter's Barometer highlighted the importance UK SME manufacturers place on working out how to best manage suppliers as Brexit approaches. #SMEUK #manufacturing #brexit
BREXIT's ALIVEEE!!!
So, the Brexit Bonus is for the non-Europeans living illegally in the UK. Who voted for that?
#Brexit EARTHQUAKE: Belgian MEP rejects backstop deadline - 'Belfast in EU PERMANENTLY!'
Scheer should stay out of it. Britain voted to exit the EU b/c they were lied to &amp; manipulated. "He said he hasn't followed the twists and turns of the Brexit negotiations all that closely but he still firmly believes Britain should leave...." #cdnpoli
#Germany CAVES IN: EU urged to find a 'better solution' as no-deal #Brexit fears hit
More #Brexit shaped thoughts from #stateofthesector sense check: has Brexit already transformed the way work? What further convulsions can we expect once (if?) we leave? Will there be 2meaningful opportunities to go along with the obvious challenges? 1/
Nice. Where is Noel?!
What effect will #Brexit have on the funding eco-system that sustains the #volsec? If they come to pass, then the dire warnings about the UK's post-Brexit economy are likely to have a colossal impact on what we all do. Can the sector survive a second crash? 2/2
How are the SNP so frickin awesome? #brexit
Brexit Vote In Focus: New Phase About To Begin
That’s great. Just wondering if any Stevenage employees have any views on Brexit that they would like to share in the format of an official club statement though?
A seagull swooped and stole a panini out of my hand (landing on my head in the process) when I was walking back to the truck at Dover port on this #Brexit assignment... #MySeagullTrauma
BBCNEWS 6:39am BREXIT DEAL VOTE. 'Meaningful vo'e' takes place after five days of debate' I BREXIT DEAL VOTE. MPs will vote tonight...
The order of amendments today for the ‘meaningful vote’ on Brexit.
Oh the polls show the opposite is true. Latest YouGov poll shows low support for this EU drafted agreement but majority support Brexit over Remain.
Very unfortunate Brexit, Islamophobia, the rise of the far right in Europe: An interconnected Axis
Everyone expects Theresa May to lose tonight's Brexit vote. But how much she loses by -- and how each side spins it -- is critical. Here's why: | Analysis by
hopefully not 2 long to go now before we dont have to hear about brexit ever again or (very often) from you. Rather like pre 2015 when pretty much no one thought of EU at all or as bad until you &amp; pretended they were our problem versus and failure
2/ Throughout the campaign some Brexit leaders implied a Norway EEA type deal would work. Others suggested somehow remaining in the Common Market. Some posited a Canada+ deal, others a new global Britain with quick trade agreements with numerous less than liberal countries.
yes the Austrian chancellor is correct, most brits have been fed lies and they have taken them as gospel shows the sheep like instincts and the media only publishes sensational items
Wells Fargo, JP Morgan and Brexit Vote Challenge US Stock Markets Today
Parliament debates and votes on May's Brexit deal – watch live - Guardian News
Buckle in – it’s going to be a hell of a week. via
Brexit means Brexit when in doubt keep them out #BrexitVote #BrexitDeal
You see. Play it right. Brexit first. Talk later.
True. But if the EU is supposed to be serving the best interests of the 27 then this is the way to wake Brussels up. Actually, the EU is accountable to nobody, its un-elected and un-removable with no opposition so all bets are off. Democracy is better #brexit #PeoplesVote
40 mins in, and still no mention. Maybe it'll be at the top of the 'News' at 3. This Brexit script stinks! Now we're getting a pinhead FTM, doing pyramids...
The vote today is less important than what happens on 29th March! For if MP's try to frustrate, delay or even stop Brexit altogether they will be sowing the seeds of a war between Parliament and the PEOPLE that MPs will most certainly lose. Without trust there is no democracy!
Deal or no deal? Theresa May’s #Brexit vote, explained.
I didn't know that Brexit will solve all this!
Wells Fargo, JP Morgan and Brexit Vote Challenge US Stock Markets Today
UK National News From Brexit deal vote day: May facing huge defeat - Theresa May is heading for a crushing defeat on Brexit vote D-day in the Commons, despite a series of last-minute appeals to rebel Tory MPs to back her EU with...
Brexit: How we got into this mess
Brussels could entertain further Brexit talks if MPs vote down Theresa May's deal
"The just-in-time nature of automotive means the impact of 'no deal' will be felt, not in months or weeks, but hours."
The Source WORLDBEAT Newsletter - Jan 15 -“Brexit: Theresa May faces 'meaningful vote' on her deal”
The former #BritishPrimeMinister doesn’t have a good time! On the one hand, #TonyBlair is witnessing the continuation of the #Brexit process
my favourite interview to date..
“A polite request from Europe: wake us up when you know what you want from Brexit”
A No-Deal #Brexit would result in movement down the UK’s income pyramid. For example, there will be 269,100 fewer Social Class A households in 2022 in a No-Deal versus Euromonitor’s current delayed FTA baseline scenario #BrexitVote #BrexitDeal #income #Economy
Brexit vote: When is it and what happens next? #brexit #uk #future #eu #europeanunion #europeancommission #pm
Am I really misunderstanding what is happening....or are the MPs supporting May just totally DELUDED? May’s plan in theory offers most of Brexit..but those offers are tied up in corrupt knots...that means her deal with probably NEVER happen...how could ANYBODY support that?
This is some of the prettiest shit I've ever seen. Such an embarrassment to be from this country sometimes #brexit #nohope
Wait, *what*?
I stopped paying attention to brexit... my guess would be good as shit in one hand and a wish in the other.
Well dude, I do live here and I think it's become an isolated shitty little island *already* thanks to brexit, so job done all the racists and disinformation merchants and other shitbags who support brexit, even if the latter never actually happens.
Ahead of Brexit vote, Theresa May makes a final plea
Lol, it's a brexit meme. Have you ever seen Barry Stanton?
wants to ‘discuss’ stopping old’ people voting now it’s scrapping Brexit. But there’s no BBC agenda. Oh no. Is it any wonder that old people are abused in care homes when the BBC foster the view they're worthless, the BBC should be sold off to the wise old Murdoch
yay, Groundhog Day.... :(
Glad the ministers ... can make sense of all of the, Brexit Deal - draft Brexit withdrawal agreement stands at 599 pages long. ... (or "divorce bill") ... !!!
Brexit is a dream a hark back to a bygone era. We will succeed but I feel we'll be no better of and EU will be a bit more broken.
A lie that slowly through constant repetition becomes an unconscious truth. But yes they are hopeless as far as Brexit is concerned.
After Brexit vote: No 10 draws up secret contingency plans
Davis: #German industry 'very afraid' of No Deal #Brexit
more #Brexit colateral damage #StopBrexitSaveBritain
Agricultural landlords and tenants urge MPs to avoid no-deal Brexit
Deal or no deal? Theresa May’s Brexit vote, explained.
Interesting - could you give me the link to your source. I have an archive of Leave and Remain campaign literature but I'm unable to locate that article. Obviously corroboration is important.
Because they’re putting pressure to rule out no deal so no Brexit will be the only option left
Well said Lisa #LetsGoWTO #NoDealBrexitBrexit #NoDealNoProblem #nodeal #LeaveMeansLeave
Indeed. However, the electorate need to stop mindset of continuing to vote for the red-blue disease that is labour and conservative. Change needed, vote pro brexit parties. Mps don't want an election at present, as many will rightly lose their seat.
DEVELOPING: UK faces one of its most consequential parliamentary votes in decades today: Theresa May's Brexit plan.
No sausages in Wetherspoons, is this #brexit kicking in?
It's really hard for people to realise their nation isn't as powerful as they believed. I have sympathy for those people, it's going to be a painful realisation..... #Brexit
Brexit Wood F.C
Government 'sneaks out' £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote | The Independent
The DWP used Brexit to sneak out another benefit cut | The Canary - The Tories are attacking the vulnerable yet again
The best #Brexit would have been #noBrexit. The second best deal is the one on table. #NoDeal is not the third best option. If May loses #BrexitVote tonight, the people deserve a new referendum.
#Britain #Brexit #BrexitVote ....one of the greatest betrayals of trust....
There's also another 2 amendments that if successful guarantee a WTO Brexit..at some point. Corbyn will never get a GE and the man wants it of the EU as much as leaver's do.
Jimmy O'Gobshite here beautifully manifesting the petulant smugness that defines the worst strand of the remoaner tribe. Brexit proper would be worth it just to witness his meltdown alone.
These assholes are more interested in European people's rights than his own people's.#brexit.
DAVIS: German industry 'very afraid' of No Deal Brexit. Germany’s Foreign Minister has said that “there could be further talks” if MPs reject May’s deals. source: WestmonsterUK
This is excellent! Well worth 15 min of your time. Brexit 2: May &amp; Trump vs Truth, with Stephen Fry via
#BWCom #DailyNews #BrexitVote : Parliament to Decide on #EU Withdrawal Plan #globalecon
Ken Clarke suggested revoking #Article50 then invoking it again once we have our ducks in a row Revocation is permanent not a pause button. To invoke #Art50 again would require following our "own constitutional requirements" (#A50.1) - ANOTHER #EUref #BrexitVote #WAvote #Brexit
You polished UKIP turd &amp; singularly failed at FO 2 come up with acceptable deal so it would be fitting if you were left to clear up the mess Thing is your fellow Tory MPs know u are a disolute layabout who won't put in the hard work to concote a Brexit deal
Most of the UK would be ecstatic if MPs had a real “Trains and Buses Group” on WhatsApp...
People think of the chaotic, panicked bits of history as “exciting.” Let #Brexit teach thee how dull chaos &amp; panic can be. #TuesdayThoughts
Wonder who BBC will target next? #heavymetal fans, #shoegazer and #indie fans? #NorthernSoul etc.. Anyone who doesn't conform to "The Establishment"?? I don't have tattoos but am slightly balding and an accountant BUT I'm pro Brexit. I stand with the majority "outdiders" of UK
Watch Caroline Lucas ( ) tell the BBC that the mood inside Westminster is “frustrated” #Brexit
Davis: German industry 'very afraid' of No Deal #Brexit
Nice to see something from a MP on social media that isn't about Brexit .
Right. I'm aware of the irregularities. However advisory, it was clear that whatever result would be implemented. If that is reversed, there's a danger of damaging legitimacy to future votes and democratic participation. I'm not for a hard Brexit. What about later re-entry optn?
EU nurses give up on Brexit Britain as their prospects dim via
DEVELOPING: UK faces one of its most consequential parliamentary votes in decades today: Theresa May's Brexit plan.
NEWS: Tradeweb gains approval for Amsterdam Brexit base (The Trade)
Just listening to saying Brexit was a significant factor in JLR job losses.....Wrong, Former head of Tata said last week on BBC R4 that job losses were part of it's strategic production planning and would of happened anyway because of diesel being phased out.
People are actually trying to push the claim that famine will come to the UK. Absolute hysteria.
It didn’t need to be. It was obvious that had we voted Remain we would wake up the next day with the status quo. Brexit is failing largely because Leavers can’t agree amongst themselves what they voted for.
Oh do fxxk off Brexit is dead in the water Putin will want his envelope back
Putin, Trump &amp; his mate FoxNews owner Murdich all support Brexit which will weaken UK &amp; EU. More power to them.
Suzanne Breen: Only question is scale of Brexit defeat PM May will suffer
It’s called a coup. There will come a time when the only way to deal with it is to shoot her. Can we please deal with her attack on our country democratically before it’s too late?
The British people should get the final say on the Brexit deal, with the option to remain in the EU. Agree? Add your name:
Well said. Rescue us from Brexit next ya fucking green tea drinking tree hugger
He is too obstinate....
Ahead of Brexit vote, Theresa May makes a final plea
Northern Ireland prepares for worst-case Brexit scenario
In both economic and practical terms I’m afraid it does. Any post-Brexit government will have to put vast amounts of time and energy into firefighting the impact of Brexit - leaving little time (particularly parliamentary time) to do much more. And the economic impact...
Yeah sure it is. you are funny you use words like Hard brexit (MSM) it's just brexit we voted to leave not for a deal not half in half out just to leave, it said leave or remain there was never a box to tick for deal
he is a dick
#Brexit 2: May &amp; Trump vs Truth, with Stephen Fry via
That is just plain weird, as well as wrong
Theresa "The Charwoman" May and her fellow Establishment "Remainers", deliberately made a pig's ear of Brexit from square one. As she herself rather ironically, if imprudently, once commented: “You can only deliver Brexit if you believe in Brexit.” – THERESA MAY
Is the web editor of Borehamwood FC OK? Or did they mean to post a 1500 word Brexit rant?
To face the possibility of a #HardBrexit, the British #MHRA has issued an updated guidance proposing some necessary Arrangements.
My 4 year old thinks Brexit is a #Pokemon . I wish it was
"It's very nasty of her to say that #Brexit would be frustrated" says Professor David Collins from as will close 5 days of #BrexitDebate tonight.
Brexit vote: When is it and what happens next? Sent via
A polite request from Europe: wake us up when you know what you want from Brexit | Joris Luyendijk
Just wait until the Brexit vote later today ... it will be no bueno
Brexit amendment that might have limited PM's losses is rejected
The Brexit Loan Scheme makes a fund of up to €300 million available to eligible Irish businesses in order to implement necessary changes to address the challenges posed by Brexit. Find out more about the scheme here:
How was it a lie about food, clothing and footwear being cheaper after #Brexit? If we leave, we can SET OUR OWN tariffs on such things that come from OUTSIDE the #EU making them cheaper if we want to. Its really not hard to understand.
Brexit: Six things EU could do if Theresa May's deal gets voted down
In due time must be recognised for his massive contribution to the national debate. #BrexitShambles #StopBrexitSaveBritain #FBPE
London did not vote for #brexit either.
So the stalling and scuppering of #Brexit has begun.
"Theresa May is being removed for her role in trying to sabotage Brexit and hand over control of British intelligence to the gangster families that control the EU, according to MI6 sources."
Rumour is, after May loses the Brexit vote, Corbyn will immediately move a no confidence motion. It's not clear this would pass though, as even hardline Brexiteers and the DUP who oppose May's deal could support her on a VONC
Listening to the #brexit debate in Parliament, I have formed 2 conclusions: 1. Ken Clarke the best PM that never was, and 2. the SNP are the only party that talk sense
Ahead of the meaningful vote tonight, there are 2 words which should guide MPs: trust and confidence. These 2 words cut to the heart of the Brexit process.
Bet he voted Brexit too, tosser!
A no deal #Brexit would be worse than a bad deal for the #NHS, tells - price rises and a potential loss of EU staff when we cannot afford it. Watch -&gt;
This is the sort of person that likes Parish
Actually UK could’ve controlled immigration even within the EU especially from Middle East usually the people Brexiters want less of but ok , absolutely everything I’ve read has said Brexit will be horrible for the NHS Drs and nurses leaving in droves
No more drama: Brexit in a way we don’t expect it would be: #brexit #laduchicapital #financialhelp
*WARNING* is a DISASTER CAPITALIST. HIS DAD WROTE THIS BOOK. IF THE UK CRASHES OUT OF THE UK HE WILL SUBSTANTIALLY INCREASE HIS £150 MILLION FORTUNE. HE WANTS A BAD BREXIT. GOOGLE HIM, GOOGLE HIS IRISH REGISTERED INVESTMENT FIRMS. *FRAUD ALERT*
‘And this is how the piano will sound after Brexit’.
The big specky guy reminds me of the stoned guy in Robocop
Wells Fargo, JP Morgan and Brexit Vote Challenge US Stock Markets Today -
Listen to these ignoramus B in Parliament screaming stop WTO No Deal #Brexit how little they seem to value Democracy &amp; how little they seem to care of the consequence of civil unrest to follow their ignorance if they succeed. #Traitors #BrexitVote #Rebels #StandUp4Brexit
Theresa May vows to fight on for Brexit deal
Don't bank on UK deal - Veteran BBC journalist says country should not have any expectation for new trade agreement after Brexit
#BrexitVote | The world is waiting with baited breath, as British MPs vote on PM #TheresaMay's Brexit deal later tonight. Watch #IndiaDevelopmentDebate at 9:00 PM as we discuss the big vote on #Brexit and what it means to the world politics and economy.
If #Britain reneges on #Brexit, at what point do their citizens deserve the right to take back their government and impose their will, in whatever way that is deemed appropriate? Politicians have to listen to the people they claim to represent. Or face increasing consequences.
The nationalist obsession to take what it can from the countries around it is about to end. England will be alone to stand on its own feet. That's what Brexit is about is it not?
It's a historic mistake to Brexit at all.
James O'Brien's Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote - In Full:
Good domain possibility?: ?? Its trending on google...
he's a gormless Brexidiot and I hope for his sake he doesn't need the NHS in the near future....already depleted by a fall in nurses coming from the EU
Would Brexit Leave Germany as Europe’s Sole Powerhouse?
Kenneth Clarke calls for UK Gov to REVOKE #Article50. Geoffrey Cox (Attorney General) explains that is NOT an option. To 'revoke' A50, we must convince EU we're cancelling #Brexit. #BrexitVote.
If you want proof that Brexit is stupid, check this out. There’s no way this company would benefit from our Government in the same way.
Interesting....
Hear hear, Ian Blackford! My youngest now works in Holland and was worried that if he left it too late Brexit would restrict his freedom of movement... #BrexitVote
I made a little video report on the DSPCA and how Brexit could affect them &lt;iframe width="560" height="315" src=" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen&gt;&lt;/iframe&gt;
So why don’t you ask Mr Corbyn to oppose Brexit? It seems to me he wants Brexit as much as the ERG (with their billions stashed offshore). If he did his job (opposition) we might not be in this mess.
That is nonsense.
Ian Blackford SNP: There's no such thing as a good Brexit. This House must take back control Gvt have the responsibility to be honest w the people about what happened in 2016 We have the right to live &amp; work in 28 member states. Why should my grandchildren not have those rights
Out on a walk with a pal this morning, I said exactly this: "What's the betting that Theresa May comes back in three days with her deal unchanged and calls it her Plan B?" If the SNP did that, would explode with its typical unionist indignation.
Brexit: Six things EU could do if Theresa May's deal gets voted down
The 2017 general election had a hung parliament, so that didn't give any kind of mandate for a specific type of Brexit either.
It's Brexit decision day as UK Parliament will hold key vote on PM's bill
he was one of the strongest in iur uear ffs whats this brexit. ote then today
Brexit: Fight or Flight? Brexit is the now the talk of the town. It is a portmanteau of “Britain" and "exit,” referring to the impending withdrawal of Britain from the European Union. A June 23, 2016 referendum was held.. (Read more:
Exit, a #HardBrexit poem #BrexitVote
What's clear is that Brexit is an unmitigated disaster. Nearly three years with no progress. Just cancel the whole thing and move on to more important issues #forgexit
It's the argument of an anti Brexit politician/activist or a believer of These economic arguments failed miserably in the 2016 referendum &amp; yet few appear to have learnt anything as a consequence
he's biased in favour of parliamentary democracy. Thank heavens we have him as dictatorial #TheresMay and her #Brexit govt try to sideline parliament at every opportunity
Meanwhile senior civil servants prepare their "We tried but the PM wouldn't listen" defence
Northern Ireland prepares for worst-case Brexit scenario. Many fear the return of a hard border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland, which is in the EU. #eu #Ireland #NorthernIreland #backstop #Brexit #BrexitVote #BrexitChaos #BrexitDeal
#SpiderManFarFromHome wait? is spiderman going to save the uk from #brexit?
I'm beginning to suspect that all hardline "no backstop" Brexit advocates are actually united Ireland sleeper cells.
Wells Fargo, JP Morgan and Brexit Vote Challenge US Stock Markets Today
Most worrying thing=how easily the well meaning left r fooled by #FBPE #PV nonsense - clearly just a vehicle2attack Corbyn.#Remain's become form of virtue signalling,who's Project Fear arguments as dishonest as RW Brexit.Most important thing= #GeneralElectionNow #JC4PM2019 #Lexit
It's never not topical but it's especially topical again today what with the #BrexitVote
In terms of Brexit, Labour policies are essentially no different to Tory policies; both are fixated on the 'will of the people' and refuse to check that this is still what the majority want. "Meet the new boss, same as the old boss." #PeoplesVoteNow
Are you prepared for Brexit and how it may impact business in Bristol? Come along to our free breakfast on 31/01/19 to hear from the region’s business leaders. For more information and to register, follow the link.
*DEBATNYA SERU* They are our elected representatives, Mr Cox. Elected to honour the referendum result and their party manifesto. This deal you're trying to bully them into doesn't respect either.
Britons See No-Deal Brexit as Most Likely Outcome If May’s Plan Rejected - Poll
Brexit: Six things EU could do if Theresa May's deal gets voted down #IHeartPolitics
Deal or no deal? Theresa May’s #Brexit vote, explained.
Wo derful clarity. There is mo way we can stay, even on the iutermost fringe. Out and away to the wide blue yonder.
Wouldn't trust him in a million years
BBC News - Theresa May facing crunch vote on her Brexit deal Bags of popcorn and free drinks will be available for the audience to the latest episode of Today In Parliament
Brexit brought division to the UK. Gavin voting against a deal that will risk job losses in Luton is only the right thing to do. The job losses he's fought so hard against, remember Vauxhall plant issue?
It's Brexit decision day as UK Parliament will hold key vote on PM's bill
Ian Blackford your bloody son can STILL work in the Netherlands after #Brexit What do you think we fucking did BEFORE? Ever heard of a Visa? #WithdrawalAgreement
As Brexit Vote Nears, Theresa May Races to Save Deal - The New York Times
Vote of no confidence? A second Brexit referendum? No deal? A different deal? Here's how it could all go down.
Wells Fargo, JP Morgan and Brexit Vote Challenge US Stock Markets Today
Spider-Man: Brexit Or No Brexit #SpiderManFarFromHome #Brexit
After Brexit vote: No 10 draws up secret contingency plans Olly Robbins in talks over testing which of up to six options could command Commons majority Follow the day’s political developments - live updates Theresa May’s EU emissary, Olly Robbins, has…
BBCNEWS 6:41am BREXIT DEAL VOTE 7. Live coverage of the vote from 7pm on BBC News Channel' BREXIT DEAL VOTE. Voting will begin in the...
Did anyone say Brexit?
Brexit &amp; The UK Number Plate System #NumberPlates #CarREg #Brexit
Brexit: Britain votes to leave EU in historic divorce
Oh good grief, now my MP is quoting a character from Game of Thrones too...
Shit just got real. #Brexit
Watch the full video at the bottom of the page.
A polite request from Europe: wake us up when you know what you want from Brexit | Joris Luyendijk Excuse us if we can’t get excited about the ‘meaningful vote’. From the outside it looks like more paralysis and delusion That the British political and m…
Brexit amendment that might have limited PM's losses is rejected Speaker fails to select backbench Tory amendment calling for backstop time limit Follow the latest political developments - live updates A backbench Tory amendment to Theresa May’s Brexi…
Wells Fargo, JP Morgan and #Brexit Vote Challenge US Stock Markets Today #crypto
Everyone expects Theresa May to lose tonight's Brexit vote. But how much she loses by -- and how each side spins it -- is critical. Here's why: | Analysis by lukemcgee
And remain had 9 million more taxpayer money spent hardly fair dry your eyes u lost #LeaveMeansLeave #brexit
Brexit Plan B: The Decimation of Britain’s Banks
Live Briefing: Brexit Vote: Parliament to Decide on E.U. Withdrawal Plan
Mý god hes a petulant child cant stand james O'Brien hes a bully.
That doesn't answer the point about why Labour wants Brexit.
BBC News - Theresa May facing crunch vote on her Brexit deal
makes the point during the #Brexit Withdrawal Act motion, that every single one of MPs has spoken out against #Brexit during this process. Real solidarity for Scotland against this madness.
If you haven’t heard this I strongly advise that you give it a listen. Absolute legendary performance from Jacob!
$VX_F $VIX the bounce is coming..maybe today with the brexit vote..
If true, it’s obvious who’s really in control of negotiations and it isn’t Barnier .....
Hope you can survive the drama of the BrExit vote today...
Michael Gove trolled by his own words as he makes apocalyptic Brexit vote warning
Is there a new centrist Brexit position we don’t know about?
Brexiteers have the wind in their sales now. Hardline Remainers &amp; fanatical EU zealots are sounding ever more preposterous, desperate &amp; hysterical. As we head towards a WTO Brexit at 11pm on the 29th March 2019, Project Optimism has replaced Project Fear. #WTOBrexit
PamyBot:~$#forex #fxDailyFX "#UK: PM May looks set for a sizeable defeat with many suggesting that the Prime Minister could lose by at least 100+ votes. Get your analysis from JMcQueenFX: #Brexit
Here’s a headline for the grammaticians;
Quiz: how well have you been following Brexit? I won 13/15! "You should have been in charge of negotiations."
Brexit amendment that might have limited PM's losses is rejected
Oh no.
how they're going to decide Brexit
Facebook are still actively allowing private individuals to spread false propaganda with the intent of influencing politics. #brexit #facebook.
#Brexit is beyond parody
Trump and Brexit could only be voted in by the generation that thinks the storylines in Game of Thrones are complex
Brilliant! #brexit #PeoplesVoteNow
The only tombs of ancient gods we have around here are Woolworths and now Marks and Spencer. There is little point in people wanting money anymore as there is nowhere to spend it! Man was born free but is everywhere in the gutter outside Wetherspoons..... xx
Afternoon all, we should have some pretty exciting news to share soon... in the meantime go enjoy Brexit some more.
Petition: Brexit re article 50 it must not be suspended/stopped under any circumstances
Wouldn’t rule out Theresa May calling a GE to break the parliamentary deadlock. All Tory Remainers need deselecting immediately. And if Labour want to wreck Brexit, they need to put it in their manifesto and not lie to their electorate. #BrexitVote #VoteDownTheDeal #NoDeal
There's no such thing as a good deal. So you'll just have to deal. #Brexitvote #IrepeatBrexitvote
One thing that the Brexit debate has shown is the very low caliber of MP's we have in How on earth have people voted for the many self serving useless MP's across all parties. So disappointed that they have been elected to represent the folk of the UK
There is no such thing as a no Brexit, the House must take back control: UK parliament #BrexitVote #BrexitDeal #Brexit
what time is the brexit vote ?
Littlejohn won't be affected by Brexit neither will his fellow travellers to the Blight - Stoking up an infantile little englander backs to the wall bollox is an insult to those who will be affected. Then again Littlejohn is a dick.
#MeaningfulVote Public Service Announcement #BrexitVote #MayMustGo #GeneralElectionNow #ToriesOUT
#Leave &amp; #Remain campaigners inc. #Government were clear B4 the referendum that leaving the #EU meant a full departure inc. from the EU #SingleMarket &amp; #CustomsUnion.MSM has run a #ProjectFear narrative around terms like crashing out &amp; cliff-edge but truth is #NoDeal IS #Brexit!
What does it mean, to be ‘British’? #BrexitUncivilWar #brexit #BrexitDeal #BrexitChaos
how come quite a number of mp’s. are voting remain when their constituencies voted to leave? Are they not supposed to be representing their constituencies and therefore, by failing to do so, expect to lose they’re seats in the next election. #brexit
LibDem Christine Jardine on CNN today, wanting a second referendum. On Brexit of course, not on Scottish Indy. What a two-faced person she is.
A team from Hertfordshire supporting Brexit, imagine my shock
Kenneth Clarke a few moments ago and now make very clear why the UK cannot leave the EU on 29th March. #WithdrawalAgreement #MeaningfulVote #Brexit
I cant blame MPs for being frustrated to Geoffrey Cox, such a pompous windbag - even looks hacked off #Brexit
I bet the application to become Scottish doesn't cost £65. BRB #snp #Brexit
You always make me proud. Definitely not a fence sitter #brexit
Announce Brexit statement
What? No for Bristol? Wonder why that is. Anyone know?
That's why the NewCo is genius because Brexit is the gift that keeps giving.
Theresa May’s Brexit deal finally goes to vote in Parliament, with defeat all but certain
Bit odd coming from a football club to report on the #Brexit vote. As important as it is, it’s irrelevant and should be discussed from personal accounts.
#Brexit is the BEST thing to happen to this country in the past 100 years-- it is the awakening of our glorious union,, let the lion ROAR
'I WON'T quit! May tells Cabinet she will cling on and try to pass her Brexit deal AGAIN even if it falls to the worst defeat ever in Commons showdown tonight.' - totally irrational now, this has gone beyond arrogance.
'Sneaky'? You make them sound like naughty schoolkids at a public school ...oh...errr…. #Brexit
Most likely parliament will vote no today. They don’t want a Brexit, and if they do, they want ridiculous demands. Parliament is extremely London centric, they ignore the will of the people. #Brexit
Whichever way you look at it, our politicians are clearly not up to the job. They are handling Brexit in the most shambolic, embarrassing way. Gone are the days when the House of Commons was a crucible to be admired. It is a mere shallow pit, stripped bare of talent and honour.
Stop brexit no way country is broken still whilst in the Eu homeless on the streets wages not going up crime gone up save the money to help our own not the Eu and not over seas aid we can save money charity stays at home not over seas leave mean leave end of
Sterling dropped as a direct consequence. All the impact reports (that DD tried to hide ) have stated that we will be from much to very very worse off in every Brexit scenario ?
You were right to be wary of a referendum. We are not here because of Theresa May. We are here because Brexit has ripped the nation apart. The divisions in the country are mirrored in Parliament. You should be telling Tory MPs to back their PM tonight.
I need to do some more research into this Brexit deal. I know theres a vote i believe to repeal it right now.
Brexit wont save Britain, the English destroyed what Germany couldn't, mass immigration crime up no housing schools hospitals, pollution up due to over populated cities, ethnic cleansing of the white English race
I really want to say “Imagine all the stuff MP’s could have been working on over the last few years had they not been distracted by Brexit”. Then I remembered they’re MP’s &amp; likely would have found some other nothingness to have got on with. #BrexitVote
listened to your speech in Parliament. Absolutely to the spot. I am European and German living in Richmond. Brexit will hurt Europe a lot in the long term. You are right about the risk of the global situation and Europe's role with its values and ethics.Thanks!
Forgive me you criminal if I don't give a toss about your wafer-thin majority 'won' by gerrymandered frauderendum. Btw it wasn't our biggest vote. #RevokeA50 #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit
That's where you will always draw a blank. #Brexit and facts don't, and will never go together.....
This Brexit betrayal is bordering on disturbing now. I hope those MPs with the integrity to put democracy first give May &amp; Co the reality-check they deserve.
Brexit has revealed &amp; exacerbated deep divisions in society. Whatever happens tonight, those divisions will remain tomorrow &amp; we need a plan for fixing them writes
I can see it coming. If this deal gets approved or Brexit is cancelled the contract between the people and parliament will be over. I won't dare try and predict what will happen then
I got my prescription today. There was a shortage. Nothing to do with Brexit
Government ‘sneaks out’ £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote
Brilliant exchange and worth listening to re Brexit.
I mean hey, it’s not stopped
Nathan Gill: "There is no option in Article 50 for no #Brexit" via
So I've been busy the last couple of months with the brilliant and everyone here at . Here's the result. We've 'done' a book. A real, actual, proper book. Publishing in March 2019. #brexit #festivalofbrexit #coldwarsteve #thamesandhudson
Keep up your good work thwarting brexit!
The #UK will not be able to feed itself without the help of seasonal non-UK labour after #Brexit, according to the head of a Scottish farming union.
Quick recap over what's happened prior to todays vote by MP's on Big T's Brexit deal!
Twitter is targeting me with pro-Brexit adds today, found three so far that I've had to mute. Waste of resource, lads. Not sure anything in my platform history suggests I've ever been anything other than vitriolicly remain and pro-EU. This isn't like me deciding where to brunch
If you’re an Umpire in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a mess for you. If you live in the North East of England then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this farce! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Correct stoke had Pulis and Burnley Dyche. Can’t speak for the pair but I reckon they are both Brexit all the way
A bit more #brexit nitty gritty begore the vote:
Thanks for talking much sense. I would relocate to Edinburgh in a heartbeat to escape this Brexit madness. Let me know if you need teabags or anything.
I look at the petulant navel-gazing of #Brexit from politicians, lords, QC’s, philosophers and commentariat and keep thinking of Iain Macleod’s quote: ‘Poor Enoch, driven mad by the remorselessness of his own logic’.
M&amp;S poor management over many many years! is due to Brexit yeah ok... #Brexit
I added a video to a playlist Brexit debate LIVE: MPs discuss Theresa May’s deal for the final
Seriously the DUP come out with the most ridiculous statements.
Mps dont care about law change on knife crime there 2 worried about brexit and fixing it there way have you ever heard the saying look after number 1 those no good rich cunts cant lose!
The meaningful vote on Brexit tonight isn't a confidence vote. The Fixed Term Parliament Act codified confidence, so not even budget votes are confidence. Corbyn would need to move an explicit, exactly-worded confidence motion afterward
My cousin who farms in Gloucestershire said exactly the same thing a couple of weeks ago. He says it's been impossible for over a year now to find even well-paid #migrant #labour because of #Brexit. #Farmers were fooled into believing that it would make things easier!
given that the brexit debate is actually going on as we speak and that the vote is in a few hours, surely the chief whip julian smith should be in parliament, and not in the shop, asking us frantically whether any of our cookery books contain a recipe for batter pudding
As a German, can I assure you that again, is spreading (to put it politely) Schwachsinn. The German government has already put a dampener on whatever the Sun may have "heard"; the Secretary's remarks are due to the fact that #Brexit really isn't foremost on his mind
Tory scum.
Brexit Blues
Ken Clarke: I am a life-long believer in the European project &amp; no opinion poll is going to change my mind. But Ken will support May's deal "as a pragmatist", then the softest of Brexit. Apart from disagreeing on this, he's making some great points incl on EU limit on migration
Forget Brexit, The British people have an even bigger issue on their hands.
can't believe spidey's gonna save the uk from brexit
Let the Brexit protestors win. With Britain out of EU, their economy will collapse, trade will drop immediately, and the homes will line the streets. That's what these assholes voted for so let them feel the consequences of their stupidity and racism.
The Withdrawal Agreement looks to be dead in the water, as Westminster becomes ever more dysfunctional. on tonight's 7pm vote.
UK Parliament to Deliver Rescheduled Vote on Brexit Deal #BrexitVote #BrexitDeal
I am think that they will realease vote before SuperMario open drove for euro....but...i am fro Brexit.
DUP signals it will support Theresa May in confidence vote if she loses Commons #BrexitVote showdown #Brexit #BrexitDeal
Ooo.Get you! You're the one with an infantile understanding of #Democracy. It's called OPPOSITION. Get used to it, hun, 'cos we ain't goin' nowhere. We will exercise our democratic right to protest against the scourge of #Brexit &amp; might just save our country from harm by so doing
not sure how you could leave if Brexit went through - you'd lose the right of free movement - not sure he even has half a wit....
I am in Disneyland, California. I have been to lots of Disneylands. Even the crap one in Hong Kong. This is what happens when you take your kids on tour. Today I have to go on Space Mountain. Where you sit in the dark and plunge into the unknown. Brexit, the ride, basically.
Please sort out Brexit - that is all. #TheQuietWarrior.
Who would know? he never replies on Twitter unless he is being praised.
Should we worry what a 'meaningful' vote in parliament implies about all its other decisions? #BrexitVote #Brexit #omnishambles
Today brexit vote sir, can’t hold into that :)
at his very forensic best. No way would I hv the courage to take him on unless he knew less abt a subject than me eg #ageism. A lesson for Mr R-M perhaps?
There are many objections to the Brexit bill, making clear that no approach to leaving the European Union commands anything close to majority support
Why do Brexiteers want to economically isolate themselves from the rest of Europe? Idiot American president Trump endorses Brexit which in itself is a sign it's a very bad idea
Former Brexit Secretary Dominic Raab: "It's a bad deal and Britain can d... via
Is today the day when it becomes clear that #MayDeal is as good a #Brexit deal as we can hope for, but so much less than #Leave promised, and so much less than we now have as #EU members the people have a right to be consulted again in a #PeoplesVote ?
They took their choice : brexit. Parliament promised to get on with it. Nobody said We'll turn the whole process into a strictly CD process where we keep coming back for a phone vote.
The referendum question would be changed to “Should Britain remain part of the European Union” of course, otherwise the Britisch would look capricious. #Brexit
really appreciate your point just now on #FOM not just the hostile registration debacle but the diminution of OUR rights to FOM. It’s a shocking removal of our freedom to live, work and retire in the EU. #brexit #remain #RevokeArticle50 #peoplesvote
That's very sneaky isn't it...
It’s a shame that many journalists in the main stream are enabling many policiticians to use sound bites rather than facts around #Brexit #bbcnews #skynews #channel4news #itvnews #bbcpolitics and it needs to stop #brexitlies #brexitdebate
In #H2020 the UK has received€ 5,628,896.00 for British research in 11,437 collaborative projects. With #Brexit, the UK will probably have to contribute more to participate in the next #FP, without controlling budget allocation. In research, the UK is not #takingbackcontrol.
Say we get this "people's vote". Can we have another one in four years again? Or does democracy only become concrete when it's the result that you want it to be? If you want another vote on EU membership it should be on a rolling basis, surely. (Y'know, 'cos democracy).
British lawmakers will vote today on a draft Brexit deal that was hammered out between PM Theresa May and the E.U. over the past two years. More in the Daily Brief: (Photo: Henry Nicholls/Reuters)
3/ There was a Brexit for everyone: for some more money into the NHS &amp; a more compassionate society, for others the end of "Neo-liberalism", for some a Thatcherite Utopia, for others a Britain for the Brits (accompanied with exodus of immigrants) They could not all possible work.
Poor may..brexit leave the crooked European nation.
2019, a Year of Challenges #brexit #gan #powerrevolution #psd #eu #europeanunion
It will be interesting to see how the Murdoch's press gets Theresa may out of her Brexit incompetent mess. #bbcnews #skynews #r4today #POLITICSLIVE #c4news #brexit #brexitvote #brexitdeal #skypapers #sunpolitics
BBC News - Theresa May facing crunch vote on her Brexit deal
We're living in a broken country and it will take a miracle to fully repair the situation. I won't include no-Brexit as that miracle because the leavers are so close to getting what they think they want, to have that snatched away from them would cause riots.
The WA comforts the SNP. A precedent for the UK to split on different regulation &amp; the close EU orbit will allow Scotland an easier exit. Post Brexit Scots independence is a harsher decision
He makes one notable slip: "when Britain was in the EU." Actually, Britain is in the EU. And one false premise: Brexit will not deliver a fairer Britain with less inequality. Brexiters want MORE inequality. LESS welfare state.
you arent voting against brexit, you are voting against mays deal. moron.
Is this a joke? A loss of up to 50 votes would likely see Mrs May attempt to keep her deal alive by going back to the EU and arguing that further concessions could be enough to see the deal they want ratified
BBC News - Theresa May facing crunch vote on her Brexit deal
This guarantees May's deal will be voted down (it was going to be abyway)
New EMA building: steel, scrum and smart techniques #EMA #EuropeanMedicinesAgency #Brexit #EU #EuropeanUnion #medicines #HelloZuidas #Brussels #AmsterdamRAI
UK Parliament to Deliver Rescheduled Vote on Brexit Deal #BrexitVote #BrexitDeal
When #corbyn and by extension the #labour [sic] party is with #brexit separatists rather than his/its voter/constituents
This traitor needs deselecting ASAP..
Funny how that 8% have the biggest gobs. Maybe there's a correlation with being entitled and being mouthy.
Here we go. Will we finally get a Brexit? via #Brexit #NodealBrexit
Glad to hear that CLOSING IN ON WTO
Brexiteers rise the issue of democracy, call the remainers to surrender and accept the referendum's outcome, but in doing so, they do not show any consideration that the Brexit has an unwanted impact in all areas of life of those who voted against. Remain no effect on Brexiteer.
May is no Thatcher. That's for damn sure:
Spiderman: Brexit Edition
If she loses the Brexit deal vote, you can probably expect her to step down as PM.
Everything you need to know about today’s vote... #Brexit
You sound triggered Son, are you ok? Lets just wait until Brexit is done before we enact democracy again just like we had to wait 40 years for another referendum. *note spelling of referendum
No-deal #Brexit could cost Denmark billions, companies looking for alternative markets: ministry - The Local Denmark #Companies #news
Help me out here. Do the EU27 actually want a No Deal #Brexit that signifies 2years of ze clock eez teaking has been a complete #fail? They have so called elections coming up and who wants the Commission job of sorting the mess out which can't even start until next year?
"I would vote for a German genocidal dictator who actually bombed London if he told me that would stop us being ruled by Brussels." I grudgingly admire the honesty of what I assume is the next phase of Brexit.
I was going to comment, then I stopped myself, it would be a total ban on twitter for me to openly tell the truth about politicians in England
Let's do Brexit so that we can swap one set of standards decided outside of our control (partly, as a member we obviously have more say) for another set of standards set outside of our control which are probably lower (hormone beef, chlorinated chicken, etc.).
This is why it is essential to defeat May's deal. The EU will always budge when it is in their interests to do so. A no deal will be worse for them, than for us. They will lose BILLIONs through it. Whereas we will save Billions.
Today's #MorningMinutes by "China Stimulus, US Bank Earnings and Key Brexit Vote Move Markets" is up on our website $JPM $WFC #investing
So what is the solution? It’s clearly either no brexit or break up the union. I prefer the later but is that really a choice for Westminster?
Never listened to LBC but whether you agree with JRM views or not -this very angry James is not a good look &amp; no way to treat a guest or interview anyone
#Gold eases as dollar firms, investors brace for Brexit vote
Ooh but I do love listening to a Scottish accent #BrexitVote what good is Brexit actually going to do for the UK?
Here, here!
Pregnant MP delays birth to vote against Brexit deal
Agricultural landlords and tenants urge MPs to avoid no-deal Brexit
Great to see raising the impact of Brexit on our most vulnerable in today’s #brexitdebate . Brexit is a project for the privileged few at the expense of everyday citizens.
BBCNEWS 6:42am BREXIT DEAL VOTE. The EU sent written assurances to the PM yesterday' I BREXIT DEAL VOTE. EU: Backstop will apply for...
I have, a few times, but never acknowledges.
Me neither. Utter madness.
Between this &amp; Brexit redo-is-ness in the UK, It's a big day.
austerity was happening before Brexit and so was poverty Poverty has been about for yrs these people voted Brexit because they have nothing else to lose People voted Brexit because of austerity and other issues ,staying in the Eu with a Tory government won’t solve the problems
. rightly puts his finger on the many issues more important in the UK than Brexit, a phantom issue made real simply by enough people choosing to believe
This is why it was being pushed. Would Leave have won if it had been said that the areas heavily reliant on manufacturing etc would be decimated as a result of Brexit?
I think May wanted Brexit to fail. my opinion.
Looks to me as though margin of #Brexit defeat is being spun by the government as 200+ so anything less than that can be claimed as a victory
#FBPE cult hearing that Brexit is going to happen because there is now no time to hold a Public Vote
I'm talking about his Brexit plan if he gets in to power, not his plan to get into power. A general election would be a good start for that though
Poorer pensioner couples will lose more than £7,000 a year, under a cut "sneaked out" while MPs are preparing for the showdown Brexit vote. #GTTO
EU know it’s all about having a plan! Read Andy Bewick's #article in the latest copy of the business magazine #coventry #Warwickshire #business #Brexit
The big day has arrived: MPs will finally vote on Theresa May’s Brexit deal at around 7pm tonight, and they are sure to defeat it. Heavily, in all likelihood. Every opposition party is set to whip against, and only...
It's not.
Euro Weighed Down by Germany Slowdown Worries, Sterling Pares Gain ahead of Brexit Vote
of #SNP making a pledge for #Europe the idea of #peace &amp; #prosperity overcoming differences of all kind &amp; coming together and build a better #future within #EU28 not just for us but for our children. WELL DONE! #ExitBrexit #Remain #BrexitVote #FactNews
TM's deal is dead therefore only Norway,No Deal and No Brexit are left. There is no need need for a 2nd Ref as EEA already commands a majority but if referendum there must be those are the THREE choices on the ballot.
I liked a video Brexit 2: May &amp; Trump vs Truth, with Stephen Fry
"Parliament is no longer split on Remain/Leave lines - but into four distinct Brexit tribes." Stephen Bush, political editor of the New Statesman looks at some 'Plan B' options if Theresa May's vote fails to pass in Parliament this evening #newsnight |
Leaving to one-side the utterly shameful handling of Brexit... forcing a pregnant mother to delay the birth of her child in this way is obscene and our parliament and parliamentarians should be hanging it heads in shame.
The idea that a post-Brexit Labour government will have the freedom or the ability to deal with austerity in any meaningful way is primarily wishful thinking.
Keep this to yourself but Eddie doesn't like to be reminded that he agreed with May's Brexit deal too... Still doesn't stop him slagging off Corbyn either
it’s Brexit not Breggsit
Just a bigger reason to hate Labour even more
"Brexit will be fab cus Slab was able to keep the green desiel (and everything else) flowing back in the day"
#Brussels could entertain further #Brexit talks if MPs vote down #TheresaMaysDeal's
Problem Brexit impacts everything else. There’s a reason proponents of further privatisation of the NHS also back Brexit for example.
Those heading abroad urged to swap money now as Brexit vote looms
How to watch the Brexit vote like a pro
It would be torn into bits and be in the bin. Along with the rest of the whole stupid notion of BREXIT. Half the country being led by the nose by the right wing of the Conservative party, and they can’t see it. #ashamed
Theresa May faces defeat in Brexit based on lies
Excellent take on the whole #Brexit mess in #Britain from #CagleCartoons' Dave Whamond: That parrot ain't resting, that parrot's as dead as a doornail.
"you are legislators" And you 'legislated' to endorse the Referendum decision by voting for Article 50 and The European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 that repeals the European Communities Act 1972, and takes us out of the Europen Union,Single Market and Customs Union on 29th March
Honestly I think the EU was a mistake and was done for globalization!
There’s consensus that the PM will suffer a massive defeat on her Brexit plan but that's where the consensus ends. Because Parliament is deadlocked, we need a new vote to resolve the issue. In that new public vote, all options should be on the ballot paper so everyone has buy-in.
Most people debating on Brexit...
There is a danger that politicians, who already suffer from historic levels of distrust, will cobble together a deal that takes us out of the EU but in a way that leaves Leavers dissatisfied too. This will lead to simmering resentment and anger when Brexit turns out badly.
I’ve said it before, I’ll say it again: Brexit is my safeword.
HOPE not hate is opposed to a hard Brexit because the fallout would create a fertile ground for the far right. I wrote more about that in this essay last year.
The GMB’s makes some great points in his article today: the reasons that many people (especially Labour Leavers) voted to leave just aren’t be addressed. No-one should discount the anger that will cause if a Tory Brexit is driven through.
#Brexit 7pm tonight, in cinemas. National Theatre Live (actually ): Richard the Second. Titter ye not. "This sceptred isle...demi-paradise, This fortress built by Nature for herself... This precious stone set in the silver sea... Which serves it as a moat."
Stop Behaving Like 'Children' And Back PM's Brexit Deal, Attorney General Tells MPs via
#No_DEAL Brexit may be unlawful
Britons see no-deal #Brexit as most likely outcome if ’s plan rejected, according to the poll
BREXIT WRECKING! Theresa May’s deal dealt fresh blow as Bercow blocks key amendments
Read our latest article: What happens if there is no deal? – EU Citizens in the UK #Brexit #Immigration #NoDeal
How many Leave voters even understood this effect of brexit? How many of them work in industries that will be effected like this? One of my business partners voted leave - he had no clue about the impact of a VAT border !! The leave vote was borne out of ignorance #RevokeA50
I am so pleased. We need to effect change around #Brexit - MPs must vote and do what's right not what's expected. All considered the UK is better off in #Europe
No. What I said was that I would have liked to have seen Leave campaign on No Deal if that is what they wanted all along. I assume you do too as you believe that this the one true Brexit and will deliver the greatest benefit to the UK.
UK lawmakers prepare to deliver verdict on EU divorce deal (from ) ++ If UK lawmakers reject this deal, Brexit should be cancelled and everyone move on with their lives. BC
Yay for countries who vote against their own best interests because they fear immigrants. Now is that Brexit thing going? About as well as that Trump thing?
CORBYN VERSUS MAY Bitte lesen: #Corbyn #Deal #TheresaMay #Brexit
You’ve really got to watch this video attached to tweet!!
It is #FBPE : they are forever saying Corbyn enables a tory hard brexit regardless of how many times he says no deal would be disastrous. They chose not to listen.
Government ‘sneaks out’ £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote | The Independent
Q: Yikes! A: Yep, that’s the correct response.
Indeed, more on beer (duty) than Brexit in those days!
Brexit amendment that might have limited PM's losses is rejected via
Interested to see what happens this evening
I don’t know why but brexit reminds me of the MRRT
Brexit is idiotic. Nationalistic and narrow minded, like Trump, and also supported by Russia like Trump. Putin wants the western alliances to dissolve because it makes him potentially stronger. The west keeps falling for it.
Here's some historic defeats ahead of tonight's Brexit vote
Only if the same PM is in place. When the deal falls it may just embolden enough of the invertebrates within the cabinet to break ranks &amp; tell her she has to go.
So thinks removing veto power for taxation and implementing QMV, is more democratic? It clearly benefits some states over others. Funny it should happen on the day the big Brexit vote is happening #EU #taxation
May Delays Brexit Vote Until 30th Of February
30 Minutes after the meaningful vote, this meeting will take place.
It annoys me hugely. Brexit should not be a strict party political issue. At the referendum, voters weren't choosing on rival party positions on the EU. The Brexit vote, both Remain and Leave, cut across both main parties.
This is one Brexit casualty that will be sorely missed.
SINGAPORE | Stocks edge up on Chinese growth plan, ahead of Brexit vote
Listening to Ken Clarke in parliament you realise there are intelligent people there. It's obvious the arseholes are on the further right and left. #Brexit
Well today is the day for the Brexit vote around 2 pm EST. Wall Street just opened and so far "knock on wood" it is green. Over night Asia was green. Currency traders are busy figuring out how to play the FOREX market.
#PeoplesVote with an option to #exitfrombrexit
Many Mps have Remain constituencies &amp; they know Brexit WILL cause damage to our country.&amp; kids future.
Of course JRM (and JOB, to be even) can afford to buy British beef post Brexit, so it's only the poor that will have to deal with lower standards. So who cares.
Today #LatestNews #Discussions : British Prime Minister Theresa May faces the prospect of defeat in a historic vote in parliament on her Brexit deal on Tuesday. Lauren Anthony reports.
Parliament to vote on Brexit today
Delays are expected around #parliamentsquare from approx 4pm due to Brexit demo. Ill have the full details on and will tweet any updates regarding road closures or congestion
New: What would a government defeat on the withdrawal agreement mean for Brexit? (£ !?)
Tory pensioners take note
BREXIT - 'I feared the worst' when Cameron called referendum - Betty Boo...
please, please, please, during Brexit, no more Burley! You must have someone better than this, surely?
Greg Wilson's let himself go a bit....
Brexit
- statesmanship and leadership with values. Please and continue this charge against the Tory Brexit xenophobia fantasy.
i feel like if we don’t have brexit, all the countries involved are still mad at us, so we’re gunna end up in the same position as no-deal brexit
This a simply awesome thread about EFTA/EEA and should be read by anyone who has an interest in Brexit.
IT IS GOING TO TAKE YEARS TO GET NEW DOCOTS THROUGH. IN THE MEANWHILE BREXIT IS DEPLETING STAFF. UP TO 90% REDUCTION IN MIDWIFERY ENTRY, 100,000 STAFF SHORTAGES. SUPPORT THE SCOTTISH NATIONALIST PARTY, THAT MEANS THE PART THAT CARES FOR THE PEOPLE OF THEIR COUNTRY.
Surreal how May has managed to piss everyone off. Moar "Strong and stable leadership" please..
The analysis showing any form of brexit leaves us permanently poorer?
As with #TheresaMay’s last ditch plea for #Brexit, she’s better off resigning as Prime Minister before a #NoConfidenceVote does her in. Nobody wants a #Brexit that will eventually lead the UK down the path to a pauper state — an outcast, even a pariah outsider begging for crumbs.
Anything to do with Brexit is messy at best. Pv is simple..put the real world options to the people..currently Mays deal yes or no and if not no deal or remain...couldn't be simpler. Very few remain backers think eu is perfect just that leaving is wrong especially based on lies.
Brexit. Watch "Stuck in the Middle with You - Stealers Wheel - Reservoir Dogs" on YouTube /
It’s all posturing she knows what she is doing, leave her alone !
In fairness he did say that it is Her Majesty’s Government &amp; that Brexit hasn’t actually happened yet
Brexit Deal or No Deal - today's the day! via
#Stop #Wait #Watch #Listen ... sound words from - RTE Corrospondent this morning.
I feel genuinely sorry for my British friends today. #Brexit coverage is doing my head in! So, the real question is: do I watch the vote
Read our latest article: What happens if there is no deal? – EU Citizens in the UK #Brexit #Immigration #NoDeal
BBC News - Is Brexit-voting Llanelli changing its mind?
China hopes boost stocks, pound near two-month top before Brexit vote -
It’s not that simple at all, saying it is is just plain wrong. We have people who want to leave with a deal, with no deal, with a Norway deal. Brexit isn’t a united force
From The Economist Espresso: Decision day: Brexit
SINGAPORE | Stocks edge up on Chinese growth plan, ahead of Brexit vote
Obscure pro-Brexit group spends tens of thousands on Facebook ads #facebook — act.
Theeeeeeere's a shock.....
if may loses there should be a referendum simply asking no deal brexit or remain #BrexitVote
Brexit Vote: Parliament to Decide on E.U. Withdrawal Plan
NEW The 114 Tory MPs who will vote against the Brexit deal: Which way will your MP vote? via
Good answer. I should explain why I chose that brand. Because Dyson himself is pro-Brexit and also moving his manufacturing to Malaysia and Singapore with a loss to Britian. Personally I’ve got a Henry which is a British company.
Rolling coverage of the final day of the debate on Theresa May’s Brexit deal, and the votes, with the PM facing a historic, crushing defeat\ Politics live
3 Scenarios for today’s Brexit vote #Brexit #DollarIndex
Boreham Wood have waded in on the Brexit debate. Not sure why myself either tbh.
Why Theresa May's Brexit Deal Is the UK's Best Option
The Inbetweeners had a line which sums up Rees-Mogg pretty well: "You never think of anything. You've just got an accent that makes us think you're clever, but you're not."
Brexit Bashing Cooperation
The latest The Jutta Miller-Waldner Daily! #brexit #verfassungsschutz
Check out our member concerns
James O'Brien's Unmissable Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote - LBC
London markets cling to the flat line as investors await a crucial parliamentary vote on UK Prime Minister ’s EU withdrawal agreement. #Brexit #Markets #UnitedKingdom
I'm gonna laugh so hard if the second Brexit referendum happens and people vote Leave again
that’s about right
Sorry, but its even easier than that. The result of the referendum obliged them to execute Brexit. The cabinet should just have done it. The 2 wasted years allowed Anna Coubry and co. to sabotage it.
Just back fae shops wi . Getting prepared fir brexit... Paracetamol. Pot Noodles. Fresh pants and socks. Candles. Copies of Daily Mail/Sun (fir burning) Adult nappies. Hammer big enough tae kill a cow. #Brexit #Preparing
ONLY those who seek to destroy Brexit care a jot about a Tulip NOT from AMSTERDAM?
Cybersecurity talent by countries and Industry #infosecjobs #CyberSecurity #CyberAttack #Hack #Breach #Threat #DDoS #brexitbritain #Malware #Ransomware #Cyberwarning #brexit #SpyWare #Tech #Technology #Infographics #artificialintelligence #iot #infograph MT #Deep
Britain’s big Brexit vote: What happens in parliament?
Look, we all know what will happen, you will have to drag her kicking and screaming from No 10, GE is the only way to end this shambles. Btw. Brexit is definitely not the only problem you have, the poverty rate in the UK is second only to Romania(!) in Europe.
Indeed. We need a Labour government. That, however, is a necessary but not a sufficient condition. We need *both* a Labour government *and* to avoid Brexit if we want to deal with austerity properly.
Enterprise Nation founder on "Small businesses haven't had the time &amp; resources to plan for Brexit. Their confidence is starting to shake. They want clarity about what is going on and they just want to get back to business." #BrexitVote #BrexitDeal #Brexit
Just listened to Ken Clarke, who's politics I do not agree with, at all!, talking absolute common sense on the question of the W.A. Brexit is not a party political issue. It's a crying shame that there is nobody in May's Pound Shop government who has washed their ears recently.
#BrexitVote. Brexit is an English Nationalist movement. the higher support for Brexit is among those identifying as English rather than British. That proved that Racial identity does matters over and above any economic concerns the individual might hold.
Labour's position on this (like much of rest of their Brexit policy) is a mess - Starmer seems to avoid mentioning it, and Corbyn (&amp; Gardiner's) anti-backstop position is ludicrously contradictory with all of Lab policy on NI (+ betrays maj'y opinion in NIrl)
we are indeed heading to the cost of a hollywood blockbuster equalling a brexit.
Brexit, Islam or the wrong sort of vandalism?
There is no trust. Theresa May’s deal is Brexit in name only. She has lied, yet again.
It's about Trissy M's Brexit deal lad, they're putting out a vote about it people want go with her vote of somebody else.
Word of the day, uttered during debate on the Brexit bill in the House of Commons: panjandrum - "a person who has or claims to have a great deal of authority or influence". (
Just a bigger reason to hate Labour even more
That wretched Alison McGovern has got a nerve saying the Government has wasted a month of people's time, when she herself has wasted 8, yes, eight years of the Electorate's time. #BrexitChaos #Leave #Brexit #BrexitVote
Point is we knew from the moment result of referendum was known it would be like this. Always mission impossible.
No-deal Brexit guidance: Family law - The Law Society
I was one of those who was refused PIP for a lifetime disability which can only get worse, but the terms were not set by although it was her job to implement them, but it has nothing to do with 'Brexit'
#Brexit Brexit mercy WTO mercy Backstop mercy Custom Union mercy If I never hear these words again I will turn Religious Vegan self centered pompous like Jeremy Vine and silent.
If it is uncivil, then it's a perfect analogy for Brexit!
Just in time for Brexit...
Korean TV hearing directly from our maintenance manager Marcis about his concerns over #Brexit for overseas skilled tradespeople
Drones
#Brexit #mayhem summed up perfectly in the lyrics of The Jam
thats the problem with a binary vote on something so complex as brexit
As Brexit Vote Nears, Theresa May Races to Save Deal
You need to stand as an MP, afterall you had a big input into this #Brexit mess
The annual UK Report on Jobs by KMPG and the REC, published last week, showed a worrying trend for recruiters; permanent appointments rose at their slowest rate since April 2017, whilst the supply of candidates also fell sharply. Are EU ready for Brexit?
Hey #TreasonMay see what happens when you stand up for Brits Britain and #Brexit?? The failing #EU buckles. Ditch your vile #BetrayalAgreement and #StandUp4Brexit
'Speaking out on behalf of rich old people with nothing to lose'. Take a bow
Quick bit on how the Speaker didn't select the Mann/Snell/Flint/Nandy amendment and what that means:
Today the future of the #EU is decided in the #UK parliament. Listening to #SNP argue for revoking Art. 50. The #EU is far from perfect, but it's probably the only lighthouse of freedom and solidarity in today's chaotic world. Don't leave! #NoBriexit.
May Faces Worst Government Defeat in 95 Years in Brexit Vote
ECJ ruled in December Article 50 notification "may be revoked unilaterally by the notifying member without the permission of the other EU members, PROVIDED that such revocation is in good faith and with the intention of renewing indefinite membership." i.e. can NOT be temporary
What a load of shit there talking and in their scaremongering cesspool. All under 1 roof in this video. These are the mps that think the brexiters are thick,racist Sky News:
Dutch MEP Sophie in 't Veld: ‘UK's influence in Europe has faded since Brexit vote’ via
Satire. Fucking. Dead. Flogging. Horse. I. Up. Give.
Koikimedia bringing the world closer to your doorsteps #koikimedia #brexit @ UK Parliament
Will someone take that bell away from whoever is ringing it please? #brexit
The new slogan in our house is ‘no Brexit before bedtime’ as we get so riled by the farce of May’s efforts that it interferes with sleep!!
Making #GDPR British: via #Brexit
The magistrate agreed many people are sick of Brexit - but that was no excuse for spelling rude words with Christmas lights
No-deal Brexit consequences: here’s what happens to EU citizens in the UK.
MPs are lining up to say why they won't be voting for Theresa May's Brexit deal. By
Today is the big day. Curious how it all turns out. BBC News - Theresa May facing crunch vote on her Brexit deal
EVENT: After the meaningful vote, what next for #Brexit? Join us on Thursday when we discuss with , and #IfGBrexit
Brexit amendment that might have limited PM's losses is rejected
The only question on my lips since the British people voted Cameron into office. I really would like my country back please. #Brexit #Referendum
Brexit is on the brink as U.K.'s far-right extremists "lie in wait"
My favourite brexit tweet of the day.
No-deal #Brexit risks ‘destroying’ UK car industry with effects to be felt within hours, trade body warns
#Brexit: Could leaving with no deal cause traffic jams?
can't believe i only came up with a fun brexit-related twitter name today of all days
BBCNEWS 6:44am 'BREXIT DEAL VOTE. Baron amendment gives UK right 'O terminate backstop' I
POLITICO Brexit Files: The big vote — ‘Glistening cherries’ — Ex or eg?
Hopefully will go against the wishes of the US MSM.
The US are waiting for lower standards to be accepted. Rees-Mogg will not be affected. It is the poor who will buy the cheapest food produced to the lowest standards.
Our latest endgame report is out now. Here's one of the authors explaining all seven Brexit endgame scenarios.
Read what currency moves can be expected due to the UK Parliament #Brexit Vote &amp; ECB President's Testimony:
The people if this country will never forgive you if you manage to block #brexit. You are a fraud. should stay out of Westminster.
Please vote against this bad #BrexitDeal, we want a #PeoplesVote with a #FinalSayForAll. Thank you.
LIVEBLOG: Keep up to date on Brexit as MPs vote on the Withdrawal Agreement
Observing the Brexit process has been like watching a friend punch themselves in the face repeatedly for years and years on end. One of the most hopeless self-owns I've ever seen
The 5 Ways Banks Must Transform to Thrive in an Era of Cryptocurrency: Great article from new transport and advertising platform #advertising #transport #tokensale #crypto #TuesdayThoughts #app #invest #brexit
Look at Minfords complete brexit theory: 1. He assumes that feed from EU trade protectionism, prices paid by UK consumers for manufacturing and agricultural goods would fall by 10% 2. He feeds this fall in trade costs into his ‘Liverpool model’ to come up with a GDP 4% increase
Events Management students continuing the Brexit debate, soft v hard Brexit... or will it happen at all?! #DecisionDay #BrexitDeal
Europe's paralysis stretched like chewing gum
Oh yikes. This is a mess. Exit the Brexit completely!
People's Vote
This.
Theresa May Faces Worst Government Defeat in 95 Years in Key Brexit Vote
Now at KickStart Europe 2019: THE DIGITAL IMPACT OF BREXIT by Ros Kellaway, Head of EU &amp; Competition Eversheds Sutherland . Coming up next: AUTOMATION AND AI TO IMPROVE DATA CENTER OPERATIONS by Tobias Spilker from #kse19 #data #digital #datacenter
Brussels boasts that Brexit deal will tie UK to EU rules for years
Just what I have noticed.
Cowards ..sneaky nasty cowards Government sneaks out benefit cut announcement on day before Brexit vote via
See there's plenty of grossly overweight troughers in the Houses of Parliament today, feigning concern for the poor, the disabled, the unemployed and those using food banks. These parasites gorge at public expense and deny democracy to those poor people who voted BREXIT.
This JLR comment about laying off 5000 workers because of brexit is one of the most laughable things I have read. Here's a performance overview on their own website which should point you towards the cause of the cuts. The UK has been particularly strong!
#norwayPlus: less control, not more, over free movement rules. Claims about how readily UK could apply ‘emergency brake’ misleading. By giving up our seat in EU, UK would be sacrificing our ability to shape &amp; reform free movement rules. #brexit
Stocks trying to break 2600 and keep the trend higher. Lots of stimulus coming from China. But weak big bank earnings. Brexit vote today doomed to fail and England continues to have no direction. Really no future at this point.
Leader of the opposition. #PeoplesVote #brexit
Brexit is something I really don't understand.
What a complete twat... People's lives made a misery for years &amp; years having to go back &amp; forth through checkpoints on a daily basis..
I agree with a #PeoplesVote no matter what. We now have the facts and only the #Brexit supporting extreme right are afraid of the will of the people.
#TOPSTORIES- Brexit’Deal
As my MP please take note
Brexit and Jeremy Corbyn about as appetising as cold vomit, why would anyone vote for that? Two toxic, ugly babies Labour's dirty secret, Corbyn is totally toxic on the #labourdoorstep You can't polish a turd, you can't put lipstick on a pig, and the voters rightly LOATHE him.
Glad Spider-Man is coming to Europe to save us from Brexit. We need it. #SpiderManFarFromeHome
This from an ex-Secretary of State and Magic Circle lawyer. The Brexit of emotional tropes brings me out the predominant feeling of embarrassment followed by cringe
Decision time as British MPs vote on Brexit deal ... #onlinenews #latestnews more:
James O'Brien shredding Jacob Rees - Mogg, the MP for the Eighteenth Century.
Exit, a #HardBrexit poem #BrexitVote
Today, UK lawmakers vote on PM Theresa May's #Brexit plan. It'll determine how the UK and EU will deal with things like trade after the breakup. If Parliament gives the plan a thumbs down...there are a few options. Including renegotiating the deal. #SkimmLife
Brexit Faces Decisive Vote In House Of Commons #Brexit
Agricultural landlords and tenants urge #MPs to avoid #no-deal #Brexit
Parliament will debate 4 amendments to Theresa May’s motion on her Brexit deal – and they would all effectively wreck the draft accord she’s negotiated
#Brexit is the restoration of sovereignty , freedom of will and unregulated power to the nation that built this world to build ITSELF based on it's own self determination , desires and goals set out by its people for its people. A decison which has been ratified by democracy
So the #brexit question I always get asked is what does the Northern Ireland border look like ? Well
Ah, Spectator, that credible resource that allies people who would see the eradication of Islamic culture from Europe And, let's just ignore the fact that Trump and Corbyn are polar opposite characters sending polar opposite messages
Having lunch in a pub near Edgware Road in London, watching latest new on Brexit. Listening to people complain about the Brexit deal as we all enjoy Thai food!
Parliament debates and votes on May's Brexit deal – watch live via
Shame can't say the same, but then he's pushing for the nasty Nazi Brexit as fast as the Tories &amp; UKIP &amp; wouldn't know a principle if it headbutted him.
please vote down this awful Brexit deal
There were no winners in the #Brexit referendum....we all lost, this country has become an uglier place to live in since June 2016 #BrexitVote #MayMustGo
Ian Blackford SNP: Labour come of the fence and stop #Brexit
Loooool ffs what’s going on??? Worse than Brexit!
If BREXIT doesn't happen, then England can no longer be seen as a democracy.
Says it all
What time will we know the results of the vote on the Brexit deal? Need to get the popcorn in
As they’re local, Sky should go and do a Brexit vox pops from Gillette Corner.
Stupid eejit
Labour plus Brexit is significantly less harmful than Tory plus Brexit. Labour *without* Brexit, however, is vastly better than either.
Sums up everything you need to know about #Brexit, making the general population look like mugs for selfish personal reasons. Still can't believe people are behind brexit!
Yes worth listening to - 'The EU didn't prevent the hollowing out of some of UK's towns, cities and society' - 'The PM instead of trying to reach across the divide decided to put interests of Tory Party first' (I paraphrase rather than exact quotes). But he is right. #brexit
of course they are but our mp,s are spineless
#dissolvetheunion #indyref2 #revolt #risenow #revolutionnow This has to be the last straw "Tory" is now a byword for "ameobe" absolutely disgusting "Work and Work til you die cos there's plenty more fish in the sea to fry"
So the Wingnuts won’t back her, but if it comes to it they’ll back her. Good to know. We are, of course, still only talking about checking in for the flight.
No less than 43 percent of Germany's industrial companies believe there will be a hard #Brexit
Disgusting that gov can't be trusted to act honourably on this - or anything else these days. Corruption has been normalised by Brexit. All best to you, . #StopBrexitSaveBritain
Say the man who can't even count to 48 The same man who's moved 2 of his hedge funds to Dublin so they won't be affected by Brexit The same man who said May's confidence vote (over 65% in favour) was no mandate but ref margin of 2% must stand A charlatan of the highest order
see you later people! BIN BREXIT
MP headcount shows May facing large Brexit loss
#Brexit vote LIVE : Theresa May's deal faces House of Commons defeat, via
Lol...ffs...Every company are looking to make savings...its easy to blame it on brexit.
Voting down May's deal isn't the same as stopping #Brexit
I struggle to understand how his position of supporting Brexit is compatible with his vision of creating a more just society. If modern market economies are incompatible with that idea, is he going to unmoor us from the planet?!?
StewartHosieSNP: IanBlackfordMP makes the point during the #Brexit Withdrawal Act motion, that every single one of theSNP MPs has spoken out against #Brexit during this process. Real solidarity for Scotland against this madness.
Given the events of the last two years, it wouldn't surprise me if May's deal is passed by Parliament. #Leave fears No Brexit #Remain fears No Deal And she's threatened each with the other I voted Remain, but even I think that #NoDeal would be better than the current offer.
You can’t ignore leave voters
Don't listen to stupid people. #Brexit
Excellent interview with of #irishmed and author of 'Are you the f**king Doctor?".
When they cancel Brexit I hope you get to have a nice relaxing holiday James.
In 10 years, the same people telling you #Brexit was a "UK wide" decision will be telling you the dissolution of the Scottish Parliament was a "UK wide" decision. #scotref #indyref2
THE WEEK IN BULLSHIT (Tuesday Edition): ADVERT ABOUT SHAVING PRODUCTS MAKING DOUCHEBAGS MAD ABOUT BEING EMASCULATED BREXIT IS STILL WANK AND POLITICIANS HAVE NO CLUE
Theresa May's Brexit deal faces vote in Parliament
Defining the enemy of Labour: bankers; of Torys: scroungers; of Brexiteers: Those stealing jobs. So far so good. Then attacking JC as Brexiteer is one step too far. Saying he is too far left; you‘re welcome. Then mixing it all up, ends up in a dung heap.
INFH UXEYX 150119154556
Still they try anything to worm their way out of #brexit pretty pathetic
Meanwhile in the real world, Brexit vote today.
I think your followers have answered a different question...(Tidied up your text a bit as well!)..... Given the vote on the Withdrawal Agreement tonight, what do you hope will be the Final outcome? What do you hope will be the conclusion of Brexit?
U.K. Shadow Brexit Secretary Keir Starmer discusses what will happen following the Brexit vote and the possibility of a second referendum
nah this is just for the animal skull collection. the brexit preparations are much more thorough!
keep in mind Brexit vote will be lining up with the last hour of trade in the US today (if not delayed) ... remember what happen last time. position accordingly. know your risk.
Hear hear.. The ppl, who's livelihoods will be severely damaged by Brexit etc.. Deserve the chance to right this wrong. #Brexit #PeoplesVote
BREXIT. It’s the day of the big vote in Parliament. No one knows what may happen. No one knows what will happen, when whatever it is that we don’t know happens, happens. My head hurts. THE SCREAM EDVARD MUNCH.
#Brexit #GoWTO In 2015 asked the nation for a definite signal we were prepared to walk away if the eu were not reasonable. The media and others, then in 2016 48% of the voters, gave the opposite signal. That is why we must #LoveEurope #JustLeaveeu
BREXIT. It’s the day of the big vote in Parliament. No one knows what may happen. No one knows what will happen, when whatever it is that we don’t know happens, happens. My head hurts. THE SCREAM EDVARD MUNCH.
Does anyone have a clue what's going on? #Brexit
#brexit #batman #ukpolitics #TheresaMaysDeal #brussels #eu #Comments #drawing #art #DealOrNoDeal #tv #cartoon Add comment - best one becomes the caption
Firm Brexit
Theresa May has made an absolute mess of Brexit. After years of work she's come back with a deal that is simply not good enough. Liberal Democrats are fighting to give you the final say. Join our campaign now &gt;
Her deal is not Brexit. She is a slime-ball.
FFS, please vote already, ! You are running in circles repeating the same arguements over and over again! The positions are known. #Brexit #BrexitVote #BrexitDeal
May's deal is not Brexit, its Brino, so if her deal passes we have not got Brexit, so no difference. Rock and a hard place.
Own goal for James here I think. Reese Mogg came off much better. Also, the very fact he agreed to the interview puts him leagues above the likes of Corbyn and Sadiq Khan't. James' sneering just shows his contempt for anyone #Brexit related, he does more damage than good.
The people voted out and that means OUT!!! No deals!!!
James O'Brien's Unmissable Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote - LBC #FBPE #Brexit #BrexitVote #PeoplesVote
I give £100s, does lmtd good but CIVIC NATION SCOTLAND like Iceland, Norway ends POVERTY OK MP REPS #BrexitVote THEN LISTEN-SCOTS INSTRUCT OUR #Indyref2 ALL Scots VAST RESOURCES pay #UK #Brexit Wars elite,our oil barely taxed 62% Scotland voted NO Brexit #DissolveTheUnion
Same goes for Scotland , we don't need posh elite out of touch MP's from Westminster making decisions for our country either . Scotland can makes its own decisions . #indyref2 #DissolveTheUnion #Brexit
Stockpiling Spice ahead o’ Brexit. #NoDealBrexit #SmokeSpice #EUSpiceMountain
You know for sure that you cannot raise finance to pay border VAT post Brexit?
slaughtering #labour now quite superbly #BrexitVote #brexit #stopbrexit
Government ‘sneaks out’ £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote
A polite request from Europe: wake us up when you know what you want from Brexit
A pro-Brexit 'Liberty bell' has been set up by Eurosceptics outside of Parliament
With Brexit, Trump, and now Steve King, you have the oligarchs reaching out from behind the curtain to fix unacceptable errors in the will of the people.
That also didn't ask which Brexit people wanted. What if they pick the wrong one? Maybe they should check
Brexit news latest: Attorney General Geoffrey Cox scolds MPs for 'playing with people's lives' on final day of debate: Follow our live blog for all the latest Brexit updates
As distinct vestiges of the past century, #MayMustGoNow #CorbynMustGoNow UK now needs a strong inspiring leader, not a self-serving xenophobic political face. #PeoplesVote #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy #StopBrexitSaveBritain
Wait! Did I really hear #UpFirst describing #Brexit by saying “you don’t get two overs in democracy”...? Did I mishear that - I mean really? Democracy is now a one-shot thing that never allows for anyone to change their mind?
I do hope you are proved right on this. STOP brexit.
Am I actually imagining this, or is the SNP spending its time during this Brexit debate in Parliament only attacking Labour? These people are pathetic.
A feisty Ian Blackford blasting the Labour frontbench over the issue of a second Brexit referendum. Telling them to "grow up" and urging them intervene rather than "chuntering" from a sedentary position.
I wouldn’t rule out Theresa May calling a GE to break the parliamentary deadlock. All Tory Remainers need deselecting immediately. And if Labour want to wreck Brexit, they need to put it in their manifesto and stop lying to their electorate. #BrexitVote #VoteDownTheDeal #NoDeal
Brexit amendments explained: How tonight’s historic meaningful vote will unfold
Obscure pro-Brexit group spends tens of thousands on Facebook ads
He basically said, “I am ignorant on the facts but still have an opinion, ignorant though it may be” What he should have said “This is an internal political issue for Great Britain and Canadians will support the people of Great Britian either way”
Ian, listen to a real politician. One who knows what is best for the UK. Not one like you or Corbyn who are simply using Brexit for their own selfish agendas.
Looks as though Gorst could do with a decent meal! Will we all be like him when the food dries up?I can remember when he Ozouf, Le Sueur &amp; Co told us 'the world wide stock market and bank slumps would not affect Jersey, neither would Brexit, Jersey could go it alone'!
Spot on here.
The stupidity of the rag thinking the Kremlin would be anti-Brexit, when they put so much energy into helping Leave win.
Bad news buried by Brexit. The Tories are hitting our elderly right in the pocket. First they manoeuvre to take away their free TV license. Now they’re taking tax credits from our poorest pensioners. How low can you go? #GetTheToriesOut
Ugh, these Brexit debates in parliament today are such a waste of time. The vote is gonna be lost, we all know this. It's currently just the SNP having a pop at Labour in way that really isn't relevant.
Hi , As my MP, I'm asking you to stand up for your constituents and vote against Theresa May's Brexit deal. PLEASE VOTE DOWN THERESA MAY'S DEAL! Thank you.
Enjoyed your article on News Now Finland this morning. Take a look at a from a Brit who has been married to a Finn in London for 31 years who is currently living in Helsinki and thinking of moving here permanently as a result of Brexit.
Quite a few of these stories are referencing the non-UK origins of many of the nurses; thus making a point about the NHS with respect to Brexit. I think that is fair enough (although not what you're arguing against).
BBCNEWS 6:45am BREXIT DEAL VOTE. 'Meaningful vote’ takes place after five days of debate' I IEMKHUI'ELII I'KL’K _. ....
Do you think people are more adequately informed now? Because having watched this unfold I think, on both sides of the argument, ppl are more argumentative which suggests to me - less well informed. I'd say there is more fear-mongering and more fear of Brexit not better info.
Looking forward to the entertainment this evening re Brexit. I wonder what the half time show will be like!
Yes it is disgraceful how the remainers in the government have lied (project fear) and tried to thwart contingency planning for a no deal brexit in order to weaken our negotiating position and deliver a remain mutton dressed as leave brexit
Many don’t care. I’m from Sunderland and know many who work at Nissan, they were told by Nissan in a communication that Brexit could affect their employment if it were to affect the company. And they ignored their own employer because of immigration.
INFH UXEYX 150119154622
Who would the at the last count 48.2% who didnt want #Brexit &amp; those who now after 2 years have joined them to be anti #Brexit vote for? The ? None of your options will heal the very real splits in our national unity which I believe will get worse before starting to heal
Parliament holds final Brexit debate hours before deal vote (LIVE) via
Of any interest for the pro-Brexit crowd?
British lawmaker Tulip Siddiq delays birth for Brexit vote
This is why I think talk of defeat for May is premature. There are enough conniving shitehawks in the Tories to help her out, and enough utter village dribblers like this in Labour, combined, to help her through.
so it is,
Sitting by the beach listening to the Brexit debate. Just a touch surreal!
London is a weird place right now. #Brexit #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote
Tory minister shows notes predicting 'No food' after no-deal Brexit
On CNN, Christine Jardine mentioned NOTHING about Scotland, about how it will be affected by Brexit. Just said her constituency voted Remain, without even saying it was Edinburgh West. Is she a #ProudNorthBrit ?
That sounds like a godawful vote. A choice between faux-Brexit or giving up on the whole thing. Is the lack of a no-deal option tactical, or..?
Here's a clip from my interview with Al Jazeera English, discussing what happens after tonight's #MeaningfulVote
You no doubt are a monarchist, vote Tory, believe Brexit works, think the OO wonderful and think the Empire was fantastic. And you support Rangers. Bingo.
#tsunamicup | Trending on CNN : RT CNNBusiness: US markets opened little changed on Tuesday as investors wait for the Brexit vote in the United Kingdom. The Dow alternated between gains and losses. The S&amp;P 500 gained 0.2%, while the Nasdaq rose 0.4%. Wat…
Yes, I know some Leavers who are fully prepared to march the streets if it's pulled. God knows what is going to happen, my job is a living nightmare at the moment. I don't think people realise that a Hard Brexit is going to cause chaos.
Really? The country needs sorting out first imo. Labours policy on brexit is there for all to see in the manifesto. European relations can be improved in the future. This country needs saving from the Tories first and foremost. A people's vote almost guarantees a Tory govmt.
Television host to Jacob Rees-Mogg: ‘This is all your fault!’ #FBPE #Brexit #BrexitVote
#PRE #BREXIT #DECISION : #BUY #ALL (for the moment..)
These 16 differences between Brexit in 2016 and 2019 are terrible but so very funny
"You can blow a kiss if you want, but what you are really doing is blowing a raspberry out your arse at the people of Scotland." House of Commons debate on Brexit is off the hook!!!!!
Today the future of the #EU is decided in the #UK parliament. Listening to #SNP argue for revoking Art. 50. The #EU is far from perfect, but it's probably the only lighthouse of freedom and solidarity in today's chaotic world. Don't leave! #BrexitVote
Ian Blackford destroying Labour MPs for sitting on the Brexit fence and acting like children.
Bless you comrade! Not God, of course! Europe is a very interesting place. How influential Austria, Hungary, Poland and the new Italy will make it look. Think a clean Brexit will panic the Eurocrats ....who will need a deal to stop others leaving and ridding themselves of debt
BBCNewsnight: "Parliament is no longer split on Remain/Leave lines - but into four distinct Brexit tribes." Stephen Bush, political editor of the New Statesman looks at some 'Plan B' options if Theresa May's vote fails to pass in Parliament this evening…
Isnt this tantamount to 60% don’t want it?
But many conservatives have done many other things that they definately should not have done and their integrity has been called into question. Add to that they have screwed up the country since coming to power and screwed up Brexit. The problem is Labour is also unelectable.
Not as bonkers as Scottish MSM.
It was example. Not the only thing. We will want to buy components for JCBs, they will want to buy JCBs. We will want to buy wine, they will want to buy Scotch. But in reality, even if everything you scaremonger about is true. (its not) I still want Brexit. Just to annoy you.
Please , pretty please. STOP brexit.
If we postpone or pause Art 50 it can not be restarted says attorney general. March 29 is now a (in/out) cut-off date for Brexit.
By far right you mean those loose middle class plebeians who voted for #BREXIT? Shame on you
Some signs of a humane, 21st century parliament, but only some and only signs.
Austria preparing bill to protect Britons' rights in case of hard Brexit
Well said sir.
I say to : Remember what happened to the post-tuition fees? #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Are people really stupid enough to believe that everything they have comes from the glorious benevolence of the EU ?
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
Jeremy Clarkson Slams “Coffin-Dodging Idiots” Who Voted Brexit - LBC
Dude, Brexit is a better topic than Kenyan security lapses
Powerful challenge to Labour from Ian Blackford over Brexit.
"God Emperor Bercow has decided there will be no Brexit."
I want to move to Scotland so I can vote because of #brexit! Better opposition than !
Post-Brexit democracy seems like it's going to be fun.
I feel abit embarrassed right now about our country. The brexit shambles, vegan sausages rolls and now a #GilletteAd advert. Brexit is important I get but my god people getting outraged over sausage rolls and razor's... Are you all fucking serious!!!
Britain's May faces defeat in parliament over Brexit plan
The UK has been in chaos since the came in to power, this botched Brexit is simply the final nail in the coffin for the UK
Japanese bank blames Brexit for move to Amsterdam - The Guardian #Amsterdam #News
BRUSSELS has told Member States that Theresa May's Brexit deal will tie Britain into following the EU's rules and courts for years to come.
And if we voted on Brexit again (whether to go, not the deal) and Remain won this time, do we go again in another two years? If Leave win again is that it for all eternity?
Only the Sun would think Easter is all about chocolate. Daily Mail too?
Government ‘sneaks out’ £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote
Slogans like Brexit means Brexit?
Voting will begin at 7pm in London on Theresa May's Brexit vote - but the process is complicated. Here's a simple guide to what's happening
Thanks for highlighting the damage Brexit would do to universities.
All the focus today is on Parliament's divisions over Brexit, but at some point we have to start healing the wounds of division that Brexit has exposed throughout our country. Tech has a key role to play in uniting young &amp; old:
Yes please!!
Rees Mog is offering us the brexit bonus of unchecked hormone pumped meat from Australia. Cant James see how amazing this will be?
As they say in the HOC: ¡Here, here! My view exactly.
And you won’t get one after a GE with Brexit backing manifestos
your desprate and i starting to hate all you #Shelagh and all the remoaning MP'S! And am ready to smash the place up if #brexit doesn't happen. Your all #fools if we left on wto it's only temporary,we wouldn't have to take 1st deal on table and we'd be in stronger position!
Is Arlene taking her meds with alcohol? No hard border during the Troubles? Is she mad, hallucinating or deluded?
#MeaningfulVote #BrexitVote #BREXIT Voting 7PM Results around 9PM
Why did the AG lead for the government on the #Brexit debate? Was Shatner unavailable?
James O'Brien's Unmissable Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote - LBC
What’s next for Brexit &amp; Britain if UK parliament votes ‘no’ on Theresa May’s deal? — RT UK News
EU confirms no UK MEPs means default Brexit 2 July latest. New ref ruled out by timescale via
Imagine we never actually leave the EU and this whole brexit thing is actually just a big prank
It's hilarious and terrible that the people could end up voting again to decide if they still want Brexit Decision day for May's Brexit bill as UK Parliament holds key vote
Clarke knew all along that revoking article 50 would cancel Brexit he is a EU Shill
What is one solid benefit of Brexit?
'50-50' chance Brexit won't happen, says senior UK minister A senior UK government minister has warned there is a "50-50" chance Brexit won't happen, if Prime Minister Theresa May's deal is voted down in Parliament next month.
Meet The New Brexit 'Doomsday Preppers': Housewives Stockpiling Food And Medicine
welp, it's the day to vote on the Brexit deal, and so far it doesn't seem like the deal's going through..
Historic defeat looms over Brexit for May
Rolls-Royce Production Could Be Halted By Brexit Complications
Timeline of key events leading up to Brexit vote
What does the future hold for the border between the North and South of Ireland? #Brexit #BrexitVote WATCH: John O'Donoghue reports for 'World This Week' broadcast in 1962
It won’t but Brexit will make the necessary changes impossible
Parliament surrounded by folks with very strongly held views. The ‘honk if you support/don’t support #Brexit’ banners means that a honk makes everyone happy!
“We cannot feed our nation without this labour.”
James O'Brien's Unmissable Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote
We are deeply shamed by our politicians and by this Brexit
Confused about how #Brexit might impact your business? Our Toolkit provides practical steps that SMEs can take now to prepare for the UK leaving the European Union Find out more here
Brexit vote: Bercow allows four amendments but not one for second referendum - Politics live
Yeah, the jury is out on JRM. There is a very small minority of disaster capitalists whose motivation for pushing Brexit looks dodgy af. Most of the headbangers genuinely believe they’re doing the right thing though.
Latest: UK supermarkets stock up amid Brexit uncertainties
Read our latest article: What happens if there is no deal? – EU Citizens in the UK #HR #Brexit #Immigration #NoDeal
Ask them about Russian ties of Arron Banks Ask them about Russia funding anti-EU parties throughout Europe. Ask them about the IRA trolls tweeting about Brexit Otherwise there's no point appearing on a Russian propaganda station
Had 2 Postcards in today's mail, from Germany &amp; Austria. One asked what I thought about Brexit. The other said it was a shame Britain would be unable to participate in the EU Elections this year. These notes from strangers around the world used to bring me only joy.
Those MPs voting for this deal or those trying their best to prevent and stop Brexit should be taken to the Tower of London! Because that’s where they really do belong. Traitors every single one of them
The best part is that just when the Brexit fireworks are about to go off, Sturgeon finds herself perhaps mortally weakened with both her competence and trustworthiness in serious question.
You won't get a NO DEAL BREXIT cos your comrades in parliament will find a way to stop it! I predict they will find a way of extending article 50 so they can conspire with the masterminds behind Remain and finally stop Brexit and Remain in the EU.I predict job losses in commons!
Spending today at the #gambica Laboratory Conference listening to excellent speakers and discussing issues around Brexit, Sales, Accreditation and more. Thanks to all those who have presented.
First it was "hard or soft" brexit. Now it's "deal or no deal" Brexit. These terms are nonsensical. The decision was clear. Article 50 (eventually) triggered. Leave. Then negotiate.
Well if we all used this logic most of those leavers shouldn’t have beeen allowed to vote...
Welcome to the club, it makes Twitter much more enjoyable. I'd also recommend Trump, Brexit etc
No Francis we don’t, we had Brexit and a General election, the people have spoken, leave the EU and now.
Even Baldricks plans had more substance
#NoBallsInParliament The Only Solution to This Brexit Problem is A Clear Avowal That In A Few Years Ireland Will Be United!! And not 1 MP has the balls to make this point!! Then, the “Backstop” farrago IS Solved!! Even Passionate Ian Blackford is WRONG, n should not berate Corbyn
All those foreigners at the cash tills. They’ll be delighted, surely. Non?
Jeremy Corbyn should have been joined by a unicorn during his interview with #Marr . describes why his ideas for a #Brexit deal will forever be fantasy.
Thankfully Scotland does have options.
I believe you are confused sir, by the EEC. If May could negotiate our EU exit to get an EEC deal she would be most fortunate. The Brexit deal offered is a sham.
Oh cool. Two groups who racist brexiters are often dicks to for living in the UK are being super kind to us. This is so ironic
. to the Labour Party - "there is no such thing as a jobs first Brexit". No one on the Labour Party benches stands up to defend their position!
Many MPs will defy democracy &amp; send a disturbing message to 17.4m Brexit voters
Buyers’ remorse since day one ~SL Theresa May faces worst government defeat in 95 years in key Brexit vote - Bloomberg
Us spying tool. Connected silicon
An idea of the noise and magnitude of pro and anti Brexit protests and media presence. live from Westminster from 4pm #BrexitVote
Brexit
Theresa May's Brexit deal faces vote in Parliament
I got 12 out of 15... which makes me an expert who should have been in charge of negotiations (I don't think I could have done a worst job tbh)
As a general observation repeating something that might be false doesn't make it true if you repeat it a lot #BrexitVote
PAUL THOMAS on... the final countdown to Theresa May's Brexit vote via
Ahead of Brexit vote, Theresa May makes a final push.
Factbox - Britain's big Brexit vote: What happens in parliament?
be aware that voting for this deal could have disastrous consequences for future generations. #Brexit
Of course they are, when 1 in 5 German cars are sold here #LetsGoWTO #NoDealBrexitBrexit #NoDealNoProblem #nodeal #LeaveMeansLeave
Yes... and brexit plans for us NOT to be an EU member. No 'technology' has yet been identified that resolves this border issue. That's why the backstop is in the WA
They just preach to the preached. Fine with me, let’s get on with Brexit, with hopefully Corbyn at the helm. Best of both worlds.
When you have no morals but the people who owe you protection money still haven't paid it all.
UK politics, people
Brilliant just brilliant
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
I'm fully supportive of #Remain. I think #Brexit would be harmful and respecting a vote won by unlawful acts is NOT respecting #Democracy. However, tackling #Tories requires #GeneralElectionNOW with manifesto pledge to hold #PeoplesVote on #Brexit. #ToriesOut #Remain
Delays are expected around #parliamentsquare from approx 4pm due to Brexit demo. Ill have the full details on and will tweet any updates regarding road closures or congestion
Whoops! What will Jacob R-M hug now? #BrexitDividend #Brexit Brexit knocks stuffing out of Build-a-Bear
This my view #Brexit #camping #tents
Actually interviewing someone from Guido Fawkes on Sky News right now....mainstream journalism is on it’s arse #Brexit #BrexitVote #MayMustGo
Caught in a landslide and eacape from reality
You could be right who knows!The direction we are going in changes more Often than I change my socks, that's been known to be twice a day? We can't just blame none existant promises on Brexit .Have we never been promised anything by past governments that haven't come to fruition?
Over on our blog today, Stephen Greenwood discusses the dispute between the European Medicines Agency and the landlord of their Canary Wharf offices over a lease signed before the Brexit referendum result. Find out more:
May our British friends please remember that the leave vote was based on many lies and only half of the people voted...it means that there was never a clear vote for Brexit. Please consider this!
Instead of arguing, it's more useful for MPs to see what can be achieved in the future with current #Brexit deal framework. If your desire remain achievable in the future, #MP should vote Yes, instead of crying to have something NOW. Thinking with time+framework.
you think tory's could not sink lower think again Government ‘sneaks out’ £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote
. was doing a really good speech on Brexit until he pronounced 2007 like ‘twenty oh seven’ like a maniac.
I don’t support palace anymore
If Mays deal is defeated tonight she must resign and allow a true Brexit PM to form a coalition government with leave supporting MPs and peers from all parties to do the job parliament were given by the people and that was to LEAVE the EU, End of .
Professor Feargal Cochrane tells what he thinks about implications of the result of the #Brexit vote tonight
If Ian Blackford is trying to win support from Labour I don't think slating them is a good idea #Brexit
Why The Fuck Is So Hard For The UK To Brexit Hahahaha Nigga Just Walk Away
UK lawmakers expected to reject May Brexit deal
It’s Tuesday. Let the shit show begin #trump #brexit
Trump and the Brexit fiasco: you couldn't make either of them up, they're that ridiculous, and at times, darkly comic (although not satire)
Do you think he’s on the right side of history with Brexit?
Euro Weighed Down by Germany Slowdown Worries, Sterling Pares Gain ahead of Brexit Vote European majors are trading notably lower today. Euro is...
Somehow, on this fateful day of expected Brexit shenanigans and shambles, Arsenal FC have managed to appear even *more* in chaos than May's government
for all the labour centrists who blame brexit on corbyn and then say they will vote for someone else/leave the party etc - can anyone let me know what &amp; the say about brexit? I'v missed it. #irrelevant
Two years down the line and the only plan Teresa May has for Brexit is on the verge of collapse. SMH! Politicians have no idea how to come up with a plan which suits the British public. Over paid useless tossers all of them. #BrexitVote #BrexitDeal
UK readies for historic Brexit deal vote -
UK readies for historic Brexit deal vote -
EU referendum: Suffolk votes out of Europe - all seven districts opt to leave !
An "reel deal" i Westminster? #Brexit #Breatimeacht
The soundtrack of Remain or Leave? Brexit The Clash - Should I Stay or Should I Go (Audio) via
Meet The New Brexit 'Doomsday Preppers': Housewives Stockpiling Food And Medicine | Zero Hedge
I see you've received orders (from #Puerto #Rico) to start the attempted misdirection of the forth coming avalanche of #truth Tipping point past #WW #People #WOKE #MSM #Elites #Globalists #Corrupt #Satanist #Shits Done #Black #Twitter waiting #QAnon #Trump #May #BREXIT #NATO
*theresa may face ‘meaningful... Speak English. For a country that spawned that, they’re pretty bad most days
In which I attempt to interview Maxwell about Brexit and he shows a similar frustration to many. #article50 #dogwhistlepolitics #wto #wtf #alwayslookonthebrightsideoflife
Interesting time to be in Westminster for BIBA reception. #Biba #LMG #Brexit
Is your supply chain prepared for #brexit ??
Wonder how many will actually read the full article before commenting about Lucas voting against the wishes of Wrexham voters. He is not voting against Brexit - he is voting against the current deal &amp; believes an improved deal is available - in line with current Labour position.
MPs seize on German minister's suggestion of further Brexit talks
If only Parliament could rally and unite the country around a No Jobs Brexit.
Powerful argument from . Far from giving those suffering from lower wages, poor employment conditions or bad housing, control, Brexit will make life harder still. It's time to argue for a decent, fairer society in Europe, by sharing EU benefits more equitably.
#Brexit is the restoration of sovereignty , freedom of will and unregulated power to the nation that built this world to build ITSELF based on it's own self determination , desires and goals set out by its people for its people. A decison which has been ratified by democracy
The gammonati Brexiters have arrived, calling everyone Nazi traitors #Parliament #Brexit #BrexitVote
Of course being economical with the truth is nothing new for politicians, but what has changed is that telling blatant lies has become a way of life for those pushing Brexit, the PM leading by terrible example. Partly because the has allowed it. Shameless.
The Withdrawl act talks a boutt Exit day. It doesn't specify when it is, and an amendment says it can be altered by a minister of the crown. Remainers would not be voting against if they didn't think they halt brexit.
On the day of the big Brexit vote at Westminster, Scotland is cursed by horrible wee cunts like this
Dear , it’s clear now that you’d be in Slytherin if you attended Hogwarts and would most likely have turned out to become Rita Skeeter, peddler of lies and conspiracy...really wish I knew you before the money
Here smash Paxman's record for the greatest number of Yes/No questions evaded by his guest.
deal voted down followed by a hard brexit
And that is why we have #Brexit and why doesn't care if we crash out. Either way, she will be fine. #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy
She's done a great job, given the circumstances. Pity she didn't become PM in better times.
We won the leave Europe brexit vote fair and square. Why do we need another vote? Oh yeah the cry babies that lost the vote to stay in Europe. We want out of Europe, we won the vote, get over it! #Leave #LeaveMeansLeave #BrexitVote
It’s funny to hear pro-leave Brit’s say “Britain is being diluted by immigrants” as the British people was literally made from massive successive waves of immigrants. #History #Brexit
"A No-Deal Brexit? Leaders Are Alarmed; Voters, Not So Much" by ELLEN BARRY via NYT
I doubt it. People are already fed up with this endless nationalist-fuelled constitutional debate. If we can defeat BREXIT, or at least mitigate against its worst aspects, I suspect people will reject further reckless nationalist adventures
Division has nothing to do with it .. we voted to leave the EU, it was a democratic vote .. a people's vote. If you want to bring the people together, save the conservative party and keep Labour from ruining the country again.. Honour Brexit .. simple.
I believe any conversation on topic, requires truthful interaction. Are we discussing Brexit,,,
"Brexit Vote: Parliament to Decide on E.U. Withdrawal Plan" by THE NEW YORK TIMES via NYT
Brexit Debate Ian Blackford’s hammering Labour and telling Corbyn to grow up and no one intervened to defend him. Cowards.
Tensions rise over Brexit at packed public meeting organised by Christchurch MP
From me in Berlin; where the UK’s Russell Group and German U15 group of universities have been discussing collaboration post-Brexit
Because he wants to stroke his selfregard and superiority - but without risk ..
“people who used to be serious people have spent the last two years disgracing themselves on social media.” springs to mind: a great rational thinker reduced to hysteria, all for the sake of a bureaucracy that nobody truly loves.
Matthew Goodwin is right to say that Brexit is about much more than the economy. It's about recognition, voice, &amp; dignity- it's about rejecting status quo politics. A future must draw on feelings of identity, community &amp; belonging.
Brexit vote live updates – D-Day for Theresa May as she faces crushing defeat
Taoiseach warns Ireland ‘not yet ready’ as no deal Brexit looms | #brexit #notmytaoiseach
Imagine being an historian in the 23rd century. Desperately scanning through twitter to find a primary quote to stick in your essay on Brexit and finding nothing but Spider-Man trailers.
Democracy is on our side. It is just a question of finding others who believe in it. Never dreamt I would see the day our democracy was in danger of being given away to the EU without a fight.
“Whip withdrawn”....mmmm....maybe they need the whip...no?
Everyone else: Brexit this, Brexit that blah blah. Me: SPIDER-MAN SPIDER-MAN DOES WHATEVER A SPIDER CAN #SpiderManFarFromeHome
We voted to leave, so we should leave, we are a democracy not a dictatorship, the people spoke, so give them what they asked for, it’s simple #BrexitVote #Brexit
Tory 2017 manifesto was to enact Brexit. So was Labour’s. The political elite are showing their true colours. There was no mention of a “deal” on the referendum slip - straight ‘in’ or ‘out’.
WATCH: UK Parliament holds session ahead of crucial Brexit vote
Don’t forget 2015 Tories largest party who promised a referendum. 2016 biggest vote turnout for the referendum voted leave. 2017 around 90% of the vote in the GE was for parities who backed Brexit. So why would you respect another vote if it didn’t go your way?
But Brexit will make it impossible to pay for necessary changes so stop Brexit and then an election that focuses on the needed changes rather than dealing with the carnage of Brexit
And now hard Brexiters in parliament (as well as others) are voting to say they don't want Brexit. What do you make of those liars and charlatans that you voted to implement Brexit yet are refusing to do so? Back to the people, no? Let us do it for them.
If you want to see a civil war, watch Parliament TV from Westminster and watch the Tories rip either to bits over #Brexit Now that's a civil war that at the end of today is only going to intensify!
Switch and fix energy provider to avoid potential post-Brexit price hikes
A disconsolate Mr &amp; Mrs May watch as the Conservative Party ferry to the Future leaves without them.....
Turbulence and Brexit Make Safer Options Like Gold and Cash Essential
All government economic forecast predict that any form of Brexit will be bad for the economy. Stephen Kerr bases his trade policy on one trip to Japan. Deluded!
We need to protect a PV from the same corrupt influences which swung the 2016 vote in the last days. How can we do this? Let’s just #RevokeA50
Our politicians aren't going to get us there... People will have to take Brexit into their own hands
JRM is an absolute tosser.
#USDCAD Daily (this supplements my prior pitchfork analysis) Right, I'm done. Going to watch Snooker and the Brexit vote coverage later. How very British :) Have a great day. Thanks for the likes and RT :)
your speech is spot on. #brexit will likely break up the UK.
{editor} UK farming industry urges MPs to take action to avoid no-deal Brexit
Forget Brexit, the British people have an even bigger issue at hand.
Use as soon as I see it your all using same stories lol no variations a bit like a script. Shout tories ukip all you like my friend. We can do the same. #Indyref2 #UseTheMandate #SNPCIVILWAR #corbyn voters targeting Scotland who do not want brexit or vote #Labstain
Back in the day, you'd get a sneaky lordship. Now you're given a donut if you vote in the government's favour. #BrexitVote #Brexit
I have waited for so long for some one to dismantle JRM and his arguments he is allowed to make with no challenge.... and it was worth the wait in all its glory
Learning about what’s and what’s not EU regarding Brexit.
Forget Brexit and vote for 'Top Trip' by Moonpedro and The Sinking Ship to be added to the playlist for this week.
If any of the amendments set to be debated by MPs later today pass, they will effectively ‘wreck’ Theresa May’s #Brexit deal via
using the Brexit debate to attack the Labour Party. Not a good look, comrades.
Cabinet Source: May Could Resign if She Suffers Heavy Brexit Vote Defeat | Breitbart
The boy problem is his strategy is to not only defeat Theresa May but overturn Brexit. Well if he succeeds let it be on his head because Leaver's will not lie down.
Meadowside #brexit #debate #residents
Please please use your conscience and vote for the good of the country, its citizens and he 3 million + who came here in all legality and pay their taxes. Thank you.
If you only read one thread today, this is the one. Only get chance to listen to one campaign group on Brexit? Make it
There’s a Labour MP blowing a kiss to the SNP’s as he pleads with Labour to get off the #brexit fence. Blowing. A. Kiss.
theSNP: RT StewartHosieSNP: IanBlackfordMP makes the point during the #Brexit Withdrawal Act motion, that every single one of theSNP MPs has spoken out against #Brexit during this process. Real solidarity for Scotland against this madness.
Listening to the MP's debate Brexit - none of them have a got a clue, all of them are more interested in party politics &amp; scoring points off each other Sooner our political system changes, to reflect the real divisions in society, the better
on his feet making a cracking speech - defending Scotland and all the people on these islands who will be hurt by any kind on Brexit #UseTheMandate
Whilst we are used to Doom Slayers.....Hopefully it won’t be quite such a debaucherous night....
Who can't have the pound? The EU will welcome Scotland in England's place. Its you clowns that need the luck, especially when you can't steal our oil, water, electricity and taxes, you'll be in a post brexit wasteland with no friends and f-all else.
Brexit Derangement syndrome publish his advice in full...but he wont and you wont ...lies
Definitely Lyme Regis, Parliament seems doomed to push the rock of Brexit ceaselessly up hill like Sysiphus!
Ding! Is the correct answer.
Agree to 1,2,3...
May faces vote on her Brexit deal: Live updates
What are you suggesting as an alternative ? The majority want Brexit &amp; Parliament ratified just that
fails to understand anything including her own EGO #destructive #EnemyWithin BBC News - Brexit: Did Theresa May fail to understand the DUP?
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
david cameron’s Brexit fantasy right here!
Accepted and thank you. Think about how much misinformation's going around about things like Brexit, Scottish independence, Scottish gov etc - there's a campaign larger than all of them to use propaganda in the quest to wipe a Jewish-majority state off the map for being Jewish.
Brussels will push for euro judges to have a significant role in the future relationship
talking shite in the #brexit debate about JLR job losses. JLR have said many times that falling sales of diesels and falling sales in China are the main reasons. #brexit is a minor factor.
*theresa may face ‘meaningful... Speak English. For a country that spawned it, they’re pretty bad most days
Decision day for May's Brexit bill as UK Parliament holds key vote
Surely you would recognise that Brexit (if it happens) constitutes a huge difference to the status of Scotland compared to the position at the time of the 2014 referendum?
This is wild. Imagine parliament being so outdated that they can't even cater for a woman having a baby?
is biting his nails while watching the #Brexit debate in the . 's plea is quite forceful and might well be historic. Again wishing for more forceful oral debate in the .
Read our latest article: What happens if there is no deal? – EU Citizens in the UK #Brexit #Immigration #NoDeal
I don't report the news but I am strongly for Brexit. Its Britain's 1776.
If Brexit doesn't happen, the British people will realize that they are subjects of, and not masters of their Government. #YellowVest
Religion on Brexit day #PeoplesVote #BrexitVote #Brexit
I love that themes Spider-Man trailer is above the brexit vote on the trending page. Fuck Britain’s future, Peter Parker is back!!
Fun fact. Michael Gove told that "if we don't vote for the [PM's Brexit] deal tonight, then Winter is coming." #funfactsaboutbrexit
Patrick Minford In farming post brexit. Try waffling out of this one
He sold it short for personal gain. Keep denying the facts, I love when remoaners prove themselves ironically ignorant and wrong. Good luck, I don’t know how you’ll fair after brexit but hopefully the government won’t let you back in to the country when the EU collapses.
Love the way MP’s are getting bribed with positions and suddenly changing their #brexit views overnight. #parasites, none of them give a dam about doing the right thing for the country and the people. #selfish
“We never had a hard border.”- Arlene Foster. This goes way beyond arrogance to a point where she is now telling bare-faced lies in front of TV cameras, displaying yet again her inability to grasp the gravity of the situation or the threat that #Brexit poses to Ireland.
This is your first tweet I disagree with. The West should have been doing far more to stop Putin's and KJU's crimes against humanity long, long, long before the Trump monster and Brexit...
Lol the headline
Well said ma'am.
Speaking as EU citizen Leavers allowed Remain Cameron to define Brexit by his manifesto On par to allowing Hitler to define D Day by Germany loses. How? Giving back 25, 50, 75, 100% of France, invaded countries? Losing Rotary club membership? Brexit is virtual because nobody ./.
SNP Westminster Leader calling out for not doing his job. Asking Labour to actually stand up for the people of the UK. Corbyn is as useless as May. Both of them should have stopped Brexit before it got this far. #BrexitVote
Essential reading for those who want to know what trading under WTO terms would involve. In short-disaster. #BrexitLeavesBritainNaked #NoBrexit
#brexit No deal Brexit now!
I think she’s taken a wrong and unhelpful step with this one. What do you think?
#GoodNews: the biggest international companies move not thousands of jobs out of Great Britain but 10 times less, as it has been said before! But if you still have any issues with #BankAccounts or #BusinessDevelopment in UK, Laduchi Capital’s specialists are here to help! #Brexit
Fck off if Brexit has show Scotland anything it's how Ireland have more power being Indy in EU &amp; how we are ignored &amp; treated with utter contempt in this so called equal political union. Scotland voted 62% remain &amp; won't be dragged anywhere &amp; 111 powers to be stolen by WM fck off
Don't know why it took this long. I'm giving Brexit two more weeks, then muting when I land in Amsterdam!
Whatever your Brexit persuasion, how could Teresa May have ever carried out negotiations when she was a firm remainer. Try telling your employer your heart isn’t in the job and see what happens...
Forget Brexit. The big thing you should be listening to is 's podcast about the life-enhancing wonders of . And the big thing you should be doing is preparing to come to , just like Ed will.
LABOUR SHOWING HOW CHILDISH TRADITIONAL MPS ARE IN THE HOUSE OF COMMONS. NO WAY I CAN HELP OR VOTE LABOUR IN THE NEXT ELECTION BUT WILL WORK AGAINST THEM AFTER THAT INSULT TO SANITY AND DECENCY AND WOMEN'S RIGHTS IN EUROPE. I WILL NOT BE A PRISONER OF ENGLISH STUPIDITY
They probably have, and may set up another neoliberal party with some #Tories. #PeoplesBrexit #Brexit
Just wondering what my followers' thoughts/actions re prep for Brexit are? Anyone stockpiling (meds/food/stuff)?? I am aiming to have my own supply of J's MUST HAVE meds and a cupboard full of tinned goods. Don't trust that politicians are capable of any resolution/prep/action.
What do our technology think about #Brexit? From supply chain to talent, which changes from #Brexit could have the biggest impact on the TMT industry? User Friendly #podcast explores.
Stocks edge up on Chinese growth plan, ahead of Brexit vote $C $JPM $UNH via
The two questions you need to ask after the vote is rejected. 1) Will the gov. now cancel Brexit untill a much later date in the future? 2) Will the PM either resisgn or call a GE. If No to both questions declare either #indyref2 or #DissolveTheUKUnion
UK does not want any further "talks". That phase is over. We are now in the WTO leaving Clean Brexit under WTO terms phase [aka No-deal]. EUWA18 kicks in on 29 March 2019 at 11:00pm. It is the law of the UK
Doesn’t look like any conclusions as of now on Brexit.
In the event of a no-deal Brexit - these are the essential data protection preparations. More information ==&gt; #GDPR #dataprotection #brexit #NoDealBrexit #SME
#LeaveEu go WTO...................EU could hold further Brexit talks if MPs reject Theresa May's deal via
Hope you end up with EU shipping and not post-Brexit rest of world shipping!
Division has nothing to do with it .. we voted to leave the EU, it was a democratic vote .. a people's vote. If you want to bring the people together, save the conservative party and keep Labour from ruining the country again.. Honour Brexit .. simple.
Yes , thanks you again for all your hard work Alison
James O'Brien's Unmissable Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote
The idea that asking *the people* in a whether they really want this sort of Brexit is somehow failing/betraying/ignoring the will of *the people* is so patently absurd I can’t understand how this keeps being repeated.
"Parliament is no longer split on #Remain / #Leave lines - but into four distinct #Brexit tribes." A look at some 'Plan B' options if Theresa #May 's vote fails to pass in #Parliament this evening
Brexit vote live: MPs begin debate for Theresa May’s deal via
Please vote against the Brexit deal this evening.
Theresa May's Brexit deal set for devastating historic defeat in Commons vote - Birmingham Live
"Large numbers turned out to support the Ely for Europe campaign group as they joined a national day of action on Saturday to keep the UK as part of the EU." "
#Brexit Noun or verb; A yearning for a romantic idea of the past when everything was rosy. Churchill was PM and Johnny Foreigner was the enemy. A Britain of tea shops, T.B., of rickets and rationing. But we were happy because we were all in it together.
THE CHIEF of Calais port has passionately quashed fears that a no-deal Brexit would slow traffic at the pivotal crossing point between the UK and France, insisting “there will be no delay".
Not surprisingly, DWP thinks this is a good time to ‘bury bad news’...
British pound wobbles before crunch Brexit vote -
What does the public think of the Withdrawal Agreement? Interesting polling from , and Eilidh Macfarlane on "why do people support or oppose the Brexit deal?"
The papers on Brexit: betrayal, pragmatism or a leap of faith
No it is the stated reality and policy of the Labour Party, a No Deal brexit has been rejected multiple times by the party and the leader
Tonight’s Labour City Lawyers event is SOLD OUT! , , be giving reaction to the #meaningfulvote result on thee #Brexit Deal and one of the most significant days in politics for decades - from 7:30pm
No point for me, I have a nutter Brexiteer MP who wants to leave today. What’s making me so appalled are those people who say they don’t want another vote, “just get on with it”. Are they so idle FFS. A vote is writing an x on a paper. People died to get us that right.
Good guide on what to expect later as the UK parliament votes on the Brexit deal. A lot depends on how quickly they get through amendments but debate will close around 2pm EST
‘No-deal’ Brexit could see value of UK companies decrease even further according to new analysis from the University of Bristol. Read findings here:
‘How Theresa May’s Brexit deal was killed off by her own incompetence’
The view from the SMMT on the potential impact on the Automotive Sector of tonight's Brexit vote
Luton Town is a Brexit hot bed
I don’t think he destroyed him? I think O’Brien mugged himself off? Can’t stand listening to the Wally, over talks everyone, talks bollox
Surely Parliament cannot allow this?
Ian Blackford clamering for this in the Commons NOW - please, please spread the information on this Petition. It's going very well, but needs to be MAMMOTH - FAST!!!
We had a #PeoplesVote in 2016 that saw vote leave win by 1 million plus votes.Parliament voted to trigger A50 &amp; we had a GE in 2017, where both major parties ran on manifestos of backing brexit. It's time to stop attacking democracy &amp; the will of the people.
To every commentator asking why Labour isn't doing this or that: Labour's Brexit Policy was decided at the #labourconference2018 by a vote of the mass membership and the trade unions. Any discussion which forgets that is disingenuous and misleading #BrexitVote
#Pension reduced by £7000 per year for the most vulnerable -
I voted for #Brexit and your vote contributes to moves to thwart the Brexit vote result. You are failing to represent the interests of the people who pay you!
I don’t know why he may have refused the inquest but that has less to do with brexit than the price of cheese.
your wish is #Brexit command
Wide range of Sat Trucks and media gathered at Westminster for this evening’s #Brexit vote ( in attendance so it must be important....)
I think it's important to keep everyone unsure of your Brexit policy. the electorate, particularly wet-behind the ears twenty somethings who thought you'd pay off their tuition fees and Islamists who hate Jews sort of think you agree. You've never made a stand why start now?
.....so far. #WTOBrexit
#Brexit is the restoration of sovereignty , freedom of will and unregulated power to the nation that built this world to build ITSELF based on it's own self determination , desires and goals set out by its people for its people. A decison which has been ratified by democracy
dumb or disingenuous ? EMA and EBA jobs haven't been lost they were never UK jobs they are all EU contractors paying no UK taxes but using UK services and housing. JLR has nothing to do with brexit as we know. #SNP
What are you basing that on? 12 cmnwlth countries have FTA with EU. Canada &amp; India negotiating FTAs with EU. In WW2 UK caused Famine in Bengal to secure food for war effort. Brexit is a very different event to WW2. Accurate context required.
I suspect is a bit busy today to be reading his Twitter updates, but in case he is; at least one of your constituents would like this option, thanks...
In short, it would bring us closer to a no-deal Brexit.
Are you blaming Brexit for Tulip Siddiq getting pregnant? I’m confused.
Dear Did you turn pink faced with rage like a Gammon when the #EU handed over millions of ££££ of our own money to #JaguarLandRover to move 5,000 jobs from Birmingham to Slovakia ??? #MeaningfulVote #Brexit #NoDealNoProblem
Why no new content recently? Is it because if Brexit? — Because I haven’t taken anything new ansjcjsjasj
...and, I would think, every single Scottish Tory will vote in favour of May's mad deal.
If U.K. Parliament rejects May's Brexit deal, what's Plan B?
But no sign of Captain Britain. This is what Brexit has done to us.
Factbox - Britain's big Brexit vote: What happens in parliament? #stopbrexit
Maybe this is what he meant by Brexit Plus Plus Plus
What now, deal or no deal? #brexit
Nothing new or interesting or leavening about this tweet, but I am really tired of these heartless blood-sucking bastards.
$SPY - looks quite strong. and tmrw we drop 2-3% because of Brexit? :P
I wish her the whole Government would resign it's a government that cannot goven Non brexit Nothing meaningful has gone through parliament in 3yrs she's got a jet ready to fly off to the EU to ask for more leaway on her deal to bring it back and put in in for a second vote
UK readies for historic Brexit deal vote -
oh shit the brexit vote is bout to go down later today!! yow ya gurl is excited to see what happens
UK readies for historic Brexit deal vote -
What about Brexit
Don't think I need to add anything particularly.
Brexit vote today will be a big market mover
I liked a video BREXIT - Speaker John Bercow kills off May's last lifeline by ignoring amendment
MPs really showing their dirty tactics and looking realistically like they’ll at least delay brexit if not derail it completely. Hilary benn and co .... you are simply a bunch of scheming undemocratic cunts.
Dear as an exSNP voter I was apauled to hear you say on TV this morning that we don't, need to leave EU on 29th March. It's called Democracy Ian. #BrexitVote #Brexit
This is wild. Imagine parliament being so outdated that they can't even cater for a woman having a baby? #brexit #brexitvote #BrexitDeal
Theresa May has a Brexit Thunderbird on standby at Dover #BrexitVote
So tell me #PeoplesVote (PV) campaigners, what Brexit is going to be put up against Remain in the PV you want, if our Sovereign, Parliament, has already rejected both Theresa May's crap deal &amp; 'No Deal Brexit'? Anyone see the problem? A GE makes more sense than a PV #Politicslive
They're also prize wankers but I suppose that's too obvious .....
This made me laugh.
Stocks edge up on Chinese growth plan, ahead of Brexit vote $C $JPM $UNH via
May is up for Massive Brexit Defeat - But What Next?! via
Brexit in a nutshell. Even Ken Clarke, a consistently progressive, conscientious voice in the debate, has failed to grasp one of the most clear and fundamental elements of the options before Parliament, relying instead on his own assumptions. Ignorance has been the Brexit anchor.
Been saying this for 2 years Molly! Corbyn has been duplicitous &amp; delusional! As have his inner circle, following ideology rather than members wishes! Molly Scott Cato: The EU will not allow Corbyn the type of Brexit he wants
God almighty: that’s your standard of Brexit success “the world won’t end”?!?!
A very Tory brexit: Professor Patrick Minford said it was in the interests of the UK for Wales' manufacturing industries to be run down. #BrexitVote
Everyone else: Brexit this, Brexit that blah blah. Me: SPIDER-MAN SPIDER-MAN DOES WHATEVER A SPIDER CAN #SpidermanFarFromHome
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
Tweet your MP's people. Today is the vote. Will take literally few minutes. Last Chance! #Brexit #BrexitVote #Remain
EU letter in full: What Brexit assurances did May get?
Congratulation for Brexit vote Therasa May..
Something I think most of the country has waited for for 12 months. showing to be what he really is. A charlatan and someone just as clueless and ignorant as his daily angry callers.. only with a posh accent
Right on David. Amazing speech and so TRUE and that is something we desperately need. THE TRUTH! Annie Delaney
Thanks for this Vicky. is concerned to make sure people with #Pku have no disruptions to supply in a no deal Brexit scenario.
#NO_DEAL BREXIT MAY BE UNLAWFUL
German Foreign Minister Maas says if May's Brexit deal is rejected by parliament today there could be new talks with the EU
Voting will begin at 7pm in London on Theresa May's Brexit vote - but the process is complicated. Here's a simple guide to what's happening
If is worried that people won't trust Parliament to act in their interests, then the solution is simple; #PeoplesVote.
"May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) It Fails?" by ALLISON McCANN and STEPHEN CASTLE via NYT The New York Times
The Brexit benefit is that – having been handed a (admittedly ridiculous) chance to vote us out of the EU, the electorate won’t be told - “that doesn’t count, you don’t count, the Establishment decided these things and you’ll have to vote and vote again until you agree with us.”
The EU is collapsing; Brussels will do anything to keep the bloc going, including destroying sovereignty of its member states. Another reason to #Leave. #Brexit #BrexitVote Brussels pushes to end national vetoes on taxation
Easy to say, doesn't solve the problem though.. There is no majority for a no deal or I would support that. A no Brexit is increasingly likely at the moment. I don't want that.
The instant gratification mindset of the wealthy has blinded you to the fact that the infrastructure to handle Brexit doesn't yet exist. Unless of course you count cannibalism. …
No, the motion agreed at conference where we said we'd keep all options open.
When folks get tired, confused, exasperated by a speaker they say: "Get to the point!" But #Brexit has no point. Even the Leave bosses couldn't define Brexit in the #EURef campaign ...
I know the U.K. for for Brexit but it seems like they woke up the next morning and realized they made a mistake.
THESE ARE MY PEOPLE. #Islington
Superb speech by Ian Blackford. Talking about the impact brexit will have on ordinary people. Even better, hammering the Labour Leadership for sitting on the fence and letting down its many young supporters. He told Corbyn it's time to grow up and take responsibility.
Thank you for today! Would've been a different Brexit without your fights in the Supreme Court.
TM has been a terrible PM. Brexit did not have to go this way. No regard for the 48%. She can shove her Red Lines up her Article50.
Theresa May’s Brexit Deal Hangs in Balance Ahead of Crucial Vote #soyuncaso
Yes well and truly talked over ! That's telling him ! Get overgrown posh schoolboy fake pleb cheesy lobby tart lout James O Brien so wound up he's even more pathetic than normal and ends up shooting himself in the foot ! Always happens when J O B forgoes his fade/mute button !
Been there. Not a great club. Dull ground and no one cared. Don't understand this Brexit post either.
#BizHour If your company #import or #export goods with the EU, then be sure to check out our tips for ensuring a smoother sailing through the #Brexit transition
I know the Vanarama is known for its hard brexit no nonsense football but fucking hell
"I am quite comfortable being a British citizen only." That's your choice, but you have no right to determine my status, or that of my family. I am ashamed to be British because of Brexit.
"Brexit is on the brink as U.K.'s far-right extremists "lie in wait"
Go on my son!
'Thankfully we left!' EU negotiator reveals Brussels plots to force euro on ALL states
This is good on Brexit and Labour.
Yes you will , with me!
Concerningly pro Brexit sentiments here Greezy
Bad writing
I know brexit is causing the point to take a hit but this exchange rate is a bit pessimistic!
a superb speech that rightly explodes the myths of Brexit and the complicity of labour. Scotland has been treated with contempt &amp; that must stop. #indyref2 now for a Scotland in Europe.
Brexit amendment that might have limited PM's losses is rejected
Theresa May has made an absolute mess of Brexit. After years of work she's come back with a deal that is simply not good enough. Liberal Democrats are fighting to give you the final say. Join our campaign now &gt; .news source: Lib…
#PeoplesVote with the option to #ExitFromBrexit
Load of fuss about nothing. Does prompt one to think of what someone such as Brian Clough would be saying about Brexit....
Theresa May facing crunch vote on her Brexit deal
Apparently the Bible tells us we should leave the EU. #Brexit #PeoplesVote #BrexitVote
Listening to again. Such hypocrisy. How many of his statements on the risk of Brexit could be used to describe the risk of independence? Numerous. We Scots are not ignored. The SNP are ignored as they just say the same thing again and again and again.
Much more from Pontyclun and Westminster ahead of the big vote - join at 1830 on BBC One Wales
Britain's gonna be super interesting this week
Snps mps are brilliant get in there #SNP #Brexit
How can anybody vote for anything when all MPs including lying cunt Blackford constantly take stories and rewrite them to deceive the voters. #brexit
#ICYMI In case you missed it #MEWCY #BREXITDEAL #BREXIT
This information has been available for a long time,Minford’s views are well known, he supported Thatcher’s decimation of the coal industry. People are very good at ignoring inconvenient truths. Brexit support seems to be a matter of faith based on a desire to return to Empire.
I cannot vote for a deal that squanders Brexit and betrays the British people via
My mum asked if people really are stockpiling food due to brexit. She had seen it in the news. She just can’t understand why any country would choose to do this. I think she secretly hopes we’ll move over there before she has to start sending food parcels! #BrexitDeal #EUcitizens
Remarkably, Theresa May is still blatantly ignoring the urgency of the Brexit deadline – here's why
For once I agree with Ian Blackford over his analysis of Labour. They ARE useless, and the reality of it all is that ALL Labour want is a General Election. That's why they continually try to frustrate #Brexit and for NO OTHER REASON. #BrexitChaos #Leave #BrexitVote
All the more reason to vote against the deal #StandUp4Brexit
Theresa May’s best course after a Brexit thumping via
Crystal Palace Chairman: Brexit is a win-win for football
I think most people would like to see A50 simply being revoked because Brexit is a con. With a PV there is a risk that the charlatans will break the law again in order to win it. I mean, why not? - The government turned a blind eye to their cheating last time around, after all.
Let them eat hormone-treated Australian beef! James O'Brien's Unmissable Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over #Brexit Vote - LBC
Proper Brexit club
The biggest UK political advertiser on Facebook during the last week is Britain’s Future, a relatively obscure pro-Brexit group, which has spent £31,000 in seven days running more than 200 different adverts. You have probably clicked on one of these ads.
Brexit latest polling: Public hate Theresa May's deal - but still back leaving via
Anyone based in a community connected with the car industry should listen to the views of #brexit’s go-to economist and weep. #PeoplesVoteNow
May's deal reminiscent of Cameron's EU renegotiation: 1. Both overpromised. 2. Legitimised alternatives (no-deal/Brexit). 3. Failed to build cross-party support.
DON'T stop signing this petition it is a GROWING current record of our continuing wish for a CLEAN NO PAYMENT "NO DEAL" BREXIT. Petition: Leave the EU without a deal in March 2019.
If Brexit was such a good idea it would already been implemented. If it’s such a good idea people will vote for it again.
How Tuesday’s Big Brexit Vote Will Play Out — And What Happens If The PM Loses Prime Minister Theresa May faces defeat on her deal for Britain's exit from the EU. #USRC
blows a raspberry to the people of the #UnitedKingdom as the #labourparty fails to respond to allegations from the #SNP it sits back and let's #jaguar workers be laid off &amp; #brexit damage people of the #UK - no such thing as a #JobsFirstBrexit #labourfail
(They Know ) Meet The New Brexit 'Doomsday Preppers': Housewives Stockpiling Food And Medicine | Zero Hedge
Exit, a #HardBrexit poem #BrexitVote
Just a couple of minutes ago.#JacobReesMogg shown to be the complete lying fuckwit he really is. #mrjamesob #lbc
#brexit warm feeling seeing the HoC debate. There are MP’s with opinieonderzoek and vision like Kenneth Clarke QC and Ian Blackford. Thats the UK I always will remember.
After 's speech against the #Brexit #WA this afternoon, should the SNP stand candidates in England, Wales and Northern Ireland too? Or will be able to match his rhetoric?
“Brexit is the Best thing “ says the “Defender of the Union”. Anyone else see the hypocrisy!
just tried to watch news channel about brexit vote and all you can hear is a constant bell ringing. Shut it up! Or stop interviews from there
Just no deal it and get it over with. EU are a bunch of pretty children who won't negotiate because they're all butthurt about us leaving (and worried about who'll follow suit) and the UK won't accept shitty deals so if we're leaving, Leave. May out there Neville Chamberlain-ing
More untruths by representatives of this Government. Thank you for challenging some of these untruths. I am rapidly coming to the conclusion that the present Government are not fit for office.
Who's promoting Remain?BillionaireHungarianBilderberger,GeorgeSoros(+he's funnelling his millions in2 it too,along w/reviled+disgusting(not2B trusted,war criminal TonyBlair+other Blairite/Tory insurgents.Socialists TonyBenn+DennisSkinner+BobCrowe all think/thought Brexit=gd thing
Brexit amendment that might have limited PM's losses is rejected +1 UKBot #UK #politics
Northern Ireland prepares for worst-case Brexit scenario -
Government 'sneaks out' £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote - The Independent
Says the person who has done nothing but sow division their entire premiership, and tenure as home secretary. This is next level hypocrisy. Just about the only thing we're undivided on is the shared condemnation of your awful awful awful brexit deal.
£ strengthens long term if she loses. Her loss = possible second referendum = no brexit = maybe we keep some of the banks = our economy doesn’t die. I’ll take that
Brexit amendments: How MPs will try to shape Theresa May's deal
Merkel won't help: Berlin denies sweetening Brexit deal ahead of seemingly doomed vote in Parliament
This is really excellent reporting, fully interactive. Well done I wish I saw this level of reporting over here.
Hands up, who wants a dictatorship?
"Brexit is failing largely because Leavers can’t agree amongst themselves what they voted for." Incorrect. It is failign because a Remain PM,with a Remain led cabinet had contrived to make it fail so as to keep us in EU. Demcoracy is falling because you lot cant accept losing.
May expected to lose Brexit deal vote by margin of 226...
My country is on the cusp of chaos &amp; in the commons I keep hearing MP's talking about what their constituents want &amp; need, well stop bloody scoring jibe points over each other like it's a school playground &amp; crack on. Just sort this mess out, it's pure mayhem #BrexitVote #Brexit
Tory flashes notes predicting 'No food', no Channel tunnel' after no-deal Brexit
British PM faces defeat in historic Brexit deal vote via
Remember this man.
Again the causes of that are not due to the Single Market. It’s globalisation, trickle down economics, bailouts, austerity &amp; the failing fiat currency system. The Single Market is the best response to it. Brexit is going to make things much worse... unless the Uk stays in the EEA
The fact is that Rees-Mogg and the ERG who want Hard Brexit will also be voting against the deal and they want Hard Brexit. So people need to carefully consider what is actually happening before a swift comment. Parties from all sides of the coin are voting against a bad deal.
If Brexit is overturned or stopped, won't that remove the SNP's mandate for another Independence Referendum?
Theresa May facing crunch vote on her Brexit deal -
. says on Sky News that MI5 don't want intelligence sharing brought into Brexit debate
South Thanet MP Craig Mackinlay who was cleared of election expenses fraud last week will be joining on the Drive show. You can hear what he has to say about 's Brexit deal and his acquittal just after 4pm.
Brexit is not mad - It is in response to invasion
Tonight, Tuesday at approx 8.15pm GMT, the vote in UK Parliament. #Brexit amendment that might have limited PM's losses is rejected. #Ukpoli
UK risks of becoming a ‘rogue state’ under no deal Brexit, warns veteran Belgian MEP [ ]
No such thing thing as a job safe Brexit WRONG MPS will always cling onto their jobs parasites.
Surely that's the same thing we're seeing with Brexit, uncertainty rather than an organised policy from Westminster.
Looks like Spiderman: Far From Home is set after Brexit going off this
The Tories. Flatulent.. Festering &amp; Foul. bottom feeders #brexit 72
Punters’ instinct? Gamblers predicted Brexit before financial traders via #lifestyle
Hood question and an honest reply. We all know Brexit is a lie.
Interesting. Where are they getting the figures from?
"You cannot afford a house because both parties failed to build, not because of Mohammed down the road who moved in. Wealth was hoarded when it should have been shared. This is a project about neoliberalism deregulation." -
just waiting to release pent up anger....gilet jaune movement crossing the channel.
Only one man can sort this #Brexit mess out now
It's quite interesting when you listen to people talking about brexit. The reasons remainers want to stay in the EU and are so insular They never discuss the role of the EU in the debt, homelessness, food banks and riots of France, Sweden, Belgium, Germany, Holland, Spain, Italy
Hilarious
"I grew up in the troubles, and we never had a hard border" No, those barriers and walls were all nice and soft, weren't they Arlene...
It's important to understand your own financial situation so you can prepare for any upcoming changes. Call us for a financial review
Which is, of course, about a year before the referendum took place.
Working on Day 2 for Diaries of an Entrepreneur. After watching some news on Brexit, I realized it’s been almost 7 years since the singularity. Welcome to the new normal. Disruption, is the new stability.
No deal Brexit.
Brexit: Showdown im Unterhaus
German FM Maas says if Parliament rejects May’s Brexit deal, there could be new talks with the EU — RT World News
So we do need that brexit.. we're in and out!
Our monthly Employment Law Update is now available, including changes for 2019, Brexit and details of our forthcoming Employment Seminars. #Employment
Live #blog with #comments and views from across the #EU27 on the UK #Brexit vote.
Theresa May gave a speech asking MPs to back her Brexit deal in a factory awarded £429,000 by the EU
Agree with Mrs May.
I'm a supporter of Scottish independence but listening to the #SNP at the #BrexitVote attack the Labour party who doesn't have any say in Brexit is beyond bizarre. In words of ...
SHADOW GOVERNMENT seems in charge in UK too... here’s how it works as documented by Retired CIA Officer Kevin Shipp:
Brexit: Means when people have been convinced that what is factually bad for them is good for them, camouflaged as patriotism.
Dear fine if you want to attack but today of all days??? Try using your time constructively and try attack the government. You know, the ones that created, and cocked up brexit.
"Brexit is failing largely because Leavers can’t agree amongst themselves what they voted for." Incorrect. It is failing because a Remain PM,with a Remain led cabinet had contrived to make it fail so as to keep us in EU. Democracy is falling because you lot cant accept losing.
Transformation Yakima Valley's Transformations online news magazine is out! #brexit #mondaymorning
ABP invests to ensure ports’ operation in case of No-Deal #Brexit #ports #uk
The latest The London Daily! Thanks to #brexit #marketing
This is how deeply unimpressive Jacob Reese Mogg is. He has not even updated is line of argument after the article in the Sun that it was based was retracted. He sites crackpot Minford, possibly the worst economist in the country,
Britain's May faces defeat in parliament over Brexit plan
Jeremy Corbyn accuses Theresa May of trying to blackmail Labour MPs on Brexit
Getting your head around all these amendments ahead of the Commons vote on Brexit? Here’s our #AfternoonLive guide – with thanks to Meg Russell of
All age groups will live with the outcome of Brexit for years to come. This notion of older people not living with the impact of this, is nonsense. Life expectancy means someone aged 50/60 should be around for another 20 to 30 years. When our young will be middle aged.
I got 12 out of 15... which makes me an expert who should have been in charge of negotiations (I don't think I could have done a worst job tbh)
got are handsfull with brexit mate but will look at it after vote
Today we are having Brexit for supper.
That's a real shame. I loved this shop! #Berlin #brexit
mate it’s a bit bonkers any day from what I can see compare and contrast to a balanced and functioning Holyrood where a minority government seems capable of getting on with its day job.
I'd say hypocrisy, shouldn't he be resigning for the umpteenth time #EnglandsmaninScotland
Certainly beats following the depressing Brexit news...
what a great example of being transparent to voters about this antiquated Tory and Corbyn Brexit - well done !
The latest The Ad Nauzeum Daily! #qanon #brexit
Brexit is really tanking the value of the pound (from BBC article)
just because the torries reject it doesn't mean it will end it. If anything we're inching closer to a hard brexit which could be devastating.
When the only reason you want to vote third-party is because Corbyn won't stop Brexit.
A crucial vote in the #British parliament Tuesday on #Brexit:
ASM calms Brexit fears over possible Dover chaos #brexit #freight #dover #logistics
Errr, how much did advert cost?. Also, the majority of your constituents voted against Brexit. What do you do for us?
WATCH LIVE Final Brexit debate ahead of crucial vote — RT UK News
At least it’s a break from Brexit
A simple guide to Brexit 1/ I you voted to leave, you are an, Uneducated, Bigoted Fascist and should not be allowed near a polling station 2/ If you voted to remain, you’re one of the good guys! I hope that’s cleared up any confusion!
Prime Minister Theresa May must win a vote in parliament to get her Brexit deal approved, or risk seeing Britain's exit from the European Union descend into chaos. "Factbox - Britain's big Brexit vote: What happens in parliament?"
It is the only deal on the table. Open your eyes. You won't see those upsides you promised or any other deal. And remember the row of the summer? No I don't either. You're a busted flush as is your magical charlatan Brexit We all deserve a #FinalSay
Nobody speaks like this in the US Congress.
She looks constipated, in Stoke they say someone is, 'Senatuct.' Rather apposite
added to which I’m not sure we don’t already have a ‘democratic’ crisis as a result of politicians, media owners and businesses telling lies to us all and using Brexit to drive their own agenda totally deluding the public.
Remember “no deal is better than a bad deal” parliament must respect the referendum
Does he avoid/ evade tax because if he does, the EU is shortly introducing new laws to clamp down on it.
Sneaky or what ?
Here is my take o for this brexit bullshit the people voted to leave that means we walk away not pander to some over privileged pricks we was fine before the EU we will be fine after it
Brussels boasts that Brexit deal will tie UK to EU rules for years
Whether you support a #PeopleVote &amp; agree with the points raised or not, whether you are pro a hard #NoDeal #Brexit or a die hard #Remainer, here’s a reminder of what a real leader sounds like:
Brexit amendments: How MPs will try to shape Theresa May's deal
What if brexit doesn't go through and this will be down in the history books as a series of unnecessary events
EXPLAINER-What happens if PM May loses vote on her Brexit deal?.
. giving a passionate speech on #Brexit. Naturally blaming Labour for where we are. Not Not Not Not the scum bag media But Labour. Absolutely pathetic
A polite request from Europe: wake us up when you know what you want from Brexit | Joris Luyendijk - the guardian
No - we need Brexit. It's not Labour who are going to do that!!
It may be a bit extreme as a means of avoiding Brexit, but I’ve found barricading myself in a ruined Crusader castle quite good so far.
Brexit won by a margin of 1.89% based on campaigns of misinformation, admitted but not owned up by its advocates. Had it been reversed by even a much wider margin, it would not be a sentenced subject by any means, and this should not be either. A new referendum would clarify.
It’s not a big decision any #MP with a half a brain knows this is a awful deal. This deal will be rejected and rightly so. has messed up &amp; betrayed the #Brexit referendum instruction from the British people &amp; she has betrayed democracy. She is a traitor to our values
So the 'taking back control' was for a small group of noisy entitled extreme Brexiters? Pretty certain even Leavers didn't intend Parliament to be suspended. Some MPs really do have a remarkably self serving idea of what people were voting for in the #Referendum.
Yes and if brexit does look likely we must take to the streets in equally massive numbers to ensure we remain. You see where your impotent rage is going don’t you, fake snake?
The papers on Brexit: betrayal, pragmatism or a leap of faith
Just in case anyone thought that the Brexit debate is missing 'political insight' from a Conference tier football club...
Up early watching the final day of debate in Parliament ahead of the meaningful vote on the PM's #Brexit deal. is not here to play.
Probably after next vote following eu further paliatives on the boarder invention.
Kind of surreal to watch BBC and SkyNews journalists addressing EU leaders in a blaming style as if #Brexit (and all the chaos that followed) was the responsibility of the European Union and its Member States. Get your emotions straight guys! #BrexitVote #BrexitDeal
Vegan roll: Who cares!! Razor ad: Get a life!! US Gov: Not my concern!! Thwart Brexit: We need to!!
By all means have a vote after Brexit has happened, but you can't just cancel the will of the people because some don't like it. Leave won the vote. Leave has to happen. That's how things work in a democratic country.
Cable en route to 1.2800 figure as Brexit chaos unfolds
But eurocrats insisted they had got a good deal by getting Britain to tie its hands over following EU rules before negotiations have even begun on an FTA.
Ian Blackford proves that an orator can be both brilliant and wrong at the same time #Brexit
Arrogance.
Brexit
I repeatedly tweet about this. In fact the last time was a few days back. It got 120 RTs so plenty of witnesses. No fake asylum seekers (send them back to one of the many safe countries they passed through) No criminals (we have enough of our own) No economic migrants
Brexit jitters? Here's a soothing rabbit.
Brexit referendum - exposed incompetence, wilful prejudice, plain ignorance about the EU, plus manipulation by a corrupt group of extremists, .... “one of the worse political decisions of this century”. Freedom is sacrosanct, a crooked referendum is not!
If this is the case it might sharpen a few minds to get on with implementing #proxyvoting &amp; #babyleave - surely parly can’t go on like this.
Oaks the brexit vote is today hey? Don't let those two distract you.
Whatever your Brexit persuasion, how could Teresa May have ever carried out successful negotiations when she was a firm remainer. Try telling an employer your heart isn’t in the job and see what happens... Seems obvious yet overlooked
This bloke's Brexit simply won't deliver for women. Join us in Parliament Square this evening to demand a #PeoplesVote #DecisionDayLive
Impending doom: Brexit coverage dominates front pages ahead of Commons vote
Bit like UK focusing on brexit
Actually, it’s the default option and therefore at this point of Parliamentary paralysis, the most likely option. I’d prepare for it if I was a responsible mayor rather than whinging about it...
Of course we've gone quiet on him in that circumstance. Why on earth is that odd? I think JC's policies are wonderful, indeed essential, for a decent society. Shame he can't execute them if he runs with Brexit. Brexit will cripple our economy and hurt the weak
Somewhat arbitrary to have 5 days of debate but only four amendments (two of which are similar &amp; would undermine ratification of the WA) and not accept clear pathways and viable options with widespread support such as the LibDem amendment of People's Vote
Of course we've gone quiet on him in that circumstance. Why on earth is that odd? I think JC's policies are wonderful, indeed essential, for a decent society. Shame he can't execute them if he runs with Brexit. Brexit will cripple our economy and hurt the weak
James O'Brien's Unmissable Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote
for you
After Brexit take the Cyprus colony out of Europe too becouse they pretend they are greeks when actually they are turks who speak a somekind of greek and they sold european interests to UK and many outsiders ... :/
This Trump's recession. Landscape as he took office: Ageing bull market, Fed raising rates &amp; tightening plus Brexit. Then brilliantly starts a trade war &amp; government shutdown. Putin couldn't ask for more.
Has bothered to write what it means. Like France starting Revolution 1789 ending up by Post Waterloo bicameral chambers, one fully elected. Like in 1790. 25 years wasted ... Think of it and ponder what Brexit is and what goal is really needed and can be implemented.
But, if you dont have a GE you keep the Tories in which results in either A) Mays Brexit B) Hard Brexit. They wont give you a PV. It really isnt that hard to see.
I think parliament will likely reject May's deal. So after that, it's either full Brexit or no Brexit
When you just come out to practice your recorder but the countries in tatters over brexit (watch till the end)
#Brexit the Escape Room Edition.
I can’t pay attention to British news with their accents I feel like I’m looking at Harry Potter
Brexit news latest: Attorney General Geoffrey Cox scolds MPs for 'playing with people's lives' on final day of debate via
Actually, it’s the default option and therefore at this point of Parliamentary paralysis, the most likely option. I’d prepare for it if I was a responsible mayor rather than whinging about it...
"UK has always relied on the optimism of entrepreneurs but the longer this uncertainty continues, we will see resilient entrepreneurs say 'should I hire, make that investment, export?' We need their growth more than ever.” on #BrexitVote #BrexitDeal #Brexit
Somewhat arbitrary to have 5 days of debate but only four amendments (two of which are similar &amp; would undermine ratification of the WA) and not accept clear pathways and viable options with widespread support such as the LibDem amendment of People's Vote
Since 1973 when both Republic of Ireland and UK joined EEC, hasnt been hard economic border in Ireland, but has been hard political one, characterised by watch towers, check-points, GFA ended that, no-deal Brexit creates hard economic border and risks return of hard political one
Shamefull
Overheard in local shop “today is the day it’s all sorted out” If only! #brexit #MeaningfulVote
May Will Lose the Brexit Vote Tonight; Here's What Happens Next
It’s an interesting point because that zombie logic supposes that Brexit is the only reason why someone votes Lab, which is a nonsense. I’m surprised such a view has taken root as parliamentary lore
I saw this on The Sun app and thought you’d enjoy it Theresa May never even TRIED to kill off hated Northern Irish Brexit backstop, Arlene Foster claims
I wonder who this spineless DUP person could be that is so afraid of a blowhard like ?
Although the impacts of Brexit, stamp duty reform and mortgage regulation have all created a low transactional environment in the housing market, there are markets which are more active. See 's summary ---&gt;
I wonder if the adjective 'dragging' (which he used to describe brexit) would also be apt if Scotland voted to leave the UK and the inevitable ejection from the EU. The SNP do not, will not ever have a credible argument on Brexit whilst they continue to push for a 2nd Indy vote
#Brexit: Why are politicians so against asking the people to confirm if May’s deal is what they actually want? Voters should be up in arms about being told “We have interpreted your vote to suit ourselves, your opinions and current (rather more) infomed views no longer matter”
The Brexit terminology? Means nothing. My previous tweet refers to Varoufakis articles and Redwood diaries on EU negotiation. Read them.
Utterly useless #Unabhängigkeit
SNP's. calls for article 50 to be extended but ends his speech with a warning for the PM if she pushes ahead with #brexit 'the day is coming' when Scotland will be 'an independent european nation' he says
from two and a bit years ago
Boreham Wood Football Club releasing a massive statement on Brexit is certainly not what I was expecting to see today
once weve left the eu i never want to hear the word brexit again, sick of it
And lest you think I’m not acknowledging problems in the US trust me I know we have many many problems- the only real issue I have with Brexit is it’s permanence if JRM is wrong and it isn’t great you can’t reconsider
LIVE UPDATES: UK Parliament Set to Decide Fate of Theresa May’s Brexit Deal: via
Brexit amendment that might have limited PM's losses is rejected
Still the best thread, reporting Britain as a western foreign correspondent might...
The Labour lawmaker who is postponing the birth of her baby to vote on Theresa May's Brexit deal says it is "my duty"
New tumblr post: "DMR–Gold inches higher ahead of vote on Brexit plan" , gold, investing, ira, rollover, roll over
Times they are a changing! Theresa May faces worst government defeat in 95 years in key Brexit vote - Bloomberg
New tumblr post: "Gold inches higher ahead of vote on Brexit plan" , gold, investing, ira, rollover, roll over
1 minute walk around #Parliament #leavemeansleave #Brexit
Congratulation for Brexit vote Theresa May..
SNP acting like Labour are implementing Brexit now. #bbcparliament #BrexitVote #ianblackford
Army to be deployed in the case of 'No Deal' Brexit. To pop the kettle on, and tell us it's all going to be ok. via
Labour's amendment to the #WithdrawalAgreement #Brexit
View from America
the only way to win vote shame the remainers who are trying to stop brexit after losing the referendum into ABSTAINING
Really sick of Brexit now, just can't be bothered anymore. Ahead of the commons vote tonight, I'm going to switch off my phone and stick a film on the telly.
I'd forgotten how good that bit is. The way the camera moves with them is fantastic. Sod the Brexit vote, let's all re-watch this tonight.
Not forgetting that May's chief negotiator and brexit adviser is civil servant Olly Robbins, an arch remainer. The only possible way to look at the proposed deal is as being the result of connivance rather than negotiation.
Meanwhile, outside of #Brexit...
I watched.....thank you
Some welcome #brexit #humour
Lest we think we're any better than Westminster: the Dáil has just spent three minutes quibbling over whether Thursday's statements on Brexit should have time assigned equally among parties, or proportionally based on their size.
News Cabinet Source: May Could Resign if She Suffers Heavy Brexit Vote Defeat
Trip to the farm. To discuss post Brexit trade allegedly. But we all know what he's really there for.
SNP's Ian Blackford slams Brexit and the horrors it will cause then tells House the day Scotland votes to leave the UK is coming and it's coming soon
Another traitor
Action on Hearing Loss pledges to cover EU employees’ settled status fees post-Brexit
I previously felt Brexit was a terrible idea, but thankfully the club that felt taking Idris Kanu on loan was a good plan have changed my mind.
Does the UK public pay attention to this particular proposal? Have not seen it feature in the latest Brexit coverage (though I limit myself in my reading on this subject)
and still the bias - it’s not ok to say no brexit is undemocratic but it is ok to say no deal is immoral :-(
The arm flailing by both at the end... Staged?
Will the Government listen and implement Brexit with regards to the vote in 2016?!!! Most MP’s don’t want it but their constituents did.
Seems someone feels the need to build some height before the Brexit vote
My colleague wonders if you have a view on the Norway option... Norwegian Wood? #Brexit #WeAreTheWood
Clearly, if Theresa May just brings same Deal back to Parliament for another vote (she cant change it, EU wont/cant give any changes &amp; her position wont change) it will fail again. So she wont do that. Is this the moment she takes #NoDeal off the table to get her Deal through?
- Brexit Swing Vote is 635K. Voter population change is greater then 2.5M (voter deaths + new voters). Time for a new vote
PressTV-Corbyn predicts ‘humiliating’ Brexit defeat for May
Spotted him too and he was playing a game on his phone by looks of it......Brexit eh!
Im Pressetext steht dann wieder: "The Queen wasn't amused" #Brexit #BrexitVote (Cartoon Tomicek)
#brexit. it's all greek to me
All Scottish resources belong to Scotland , everything produced in Scotland, only things that probably will be negotiated would be defence, and temporary currency union and thats only until we gain our own currency,this is not brexit, this is something totally different #Indyref2
Cars and chemicals groups warn of 'catastrophic' risks from no-deal Brexit via
Peddling same old tropes that Brexit is failing because of Leavers. Utterly dishonest. It is failing because a Remain PM,with a Remain led cabinet had contrived to make it fail so as to keep us in EU. Democracy is falling because you lot cant accept losing.
Brexit is on the brink as U.K.'s far-right extremists "lie in wait" via Forbes
Just stop Brexit we don’t need a vote
Also, paying my tax bill on Brexit vote day feels very much like aversion therapy
Not just security concerns but the uncertainty around Brexit. There are good universities here in the UK so we decided they stay put.
more applicable to the NHS being the envy of the world than Brexit
Nope. Whatever happens now, it's going to be an unmitigated fucking disaster.
To say nothing of said hard Brexiter standing to make £millions in a no-deal Brexit. No wonder he’s so keen.
“The First Brexit”
Project Fear or Project Starvation, I think its Project Madness
The latest Future Business News! Thanks to #brexit #news
Absolutely brilliant interview!!!!!
Ken Clarke is voting for May’s Brexit deal, is he still the real leader of the opposition? Everyone is so fickle, I’ve lost track.
Weak top here, 25 ES pts above fair value 2571. Taking a shot on some puts. Brexit on deck tonight.
my mum just asked my dad “what do you think about this... brexit thing” and he just gasped disappointingly
Theresa May Faces Worst Government Defeat in 95 Years in Key Brexit Vote — Bloomberg
Decision time as British MPs vote on Brexit deal
Scotland's independence referendum was supposedly all about taking back control from Westminster to Edinburgh, yet they want to remain in the EU, an institution fundamentally built on the idea of big centralised government. #Brexit
In non Brexit news, I've just caught up on promoting . I genuinely hope others in football will do this to raise awareness of gambling addiction
#JeremyCorbyn, #Labour vows to bring down #TheresaMay within 24 hours and could overturn #Brexit completely. #BrexitVote #BrexitShambles #BrexitDeal
Our politicians have become scaredy-cats afraid to do the right thing! Brexit is a wreck!
Have you seen today's featuring our #Brexit specialist Peter Wilding? Essential reading for businesses looking to prepare! #Brexpert #Shropshire
Corbyn predicts ‘humiliating’ Brexit defeat for May
So what time is the #brexit vote?
Oh, the absolute irony: No wonder we’re doomed. #brexit #remain #
Good morning and welcome to the no deal brexit day of the history of Great Britain. #NoDealBrexit #BrexitVote
The fact is that Rees-Mogg and the ERG who want Hard Brexit will also be voting against the deal. So people need to carefully consider what is actually happening before a swift comment. Parties from all sides of the coin are voting against a bad deal.
To all the people who voted for Brexit. Take a look around you. I hope you’re all happy. All the suffering, depression, economic downfall, difficulty and anguish is all down to you. Biggest applaud to our mind numbing politicians too. #BrexitVote
The best deal is membership of the EU as the British people will discover with any kind of #Brexit. If it does happen &amp; the economy inevitably collapses taking jobs &amp; quality of life with it the pleasure in watching the people turn on &amp; will be immense.
Some things can only be done right second time around. #Brexit is definitely one of them. Hope that helps and you’re welcome.
Wait, this changes everything !! #Brexit
#Brexit - After Bercow ignored precedent last week to allow a Remain-friendly Dominic Grieve amendment which he was advised to reject by clerks, few Tories believe that Bercow is impartial. Today’s decision will only add to that view.
Brexit: Six things EU could do if Theresa May's deal gets voted down
As someone spent their teenage years in Hertfordshire, I can assure you all that that the fact that Boreham Wood FC has come out as being angrily pro-Brexit is hilariously close to what everyone else has always thought of the place.
Parliament to vote on May's Brexit deal
They said in July that unless Brexit was sorted quickly they would be forced to do this - and here is Goldman Sachs telling its employees that they need to move to Frankfurt because of Brexit - lots of lost money and jobs.
. Live: MPs hold final day of debate on PM's Brexit deal ahead of meaningful v…
Breaking: federal judge strikes down Trump admin's decision to add citizenship question on 2020 census. #FBRParty #ProtectMueller #greatawakening #americafirst #qanon #wwg1wga #BuildTheWall #Brexit
Good morning and welcome to the no deal brexit day of the history of Great Britain. #NoDealBrexit #BrexitVote
James O'Brien's Unmissable Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote - LBC
Cabinet Source: Theresa May Could Resign if She Suffers Heavy Defeat
Nearly time for bed in Taipei, 8 hours ahead of London and still several hours away from the Commons Brexit vote. What new twist will Twitter reveal in the morning? Am almost scared to look..
Personally I think all politicians on both sides of the House are to blame for the impending disaster that is a No Deal Brexit, They voted, overwhelmingly, to activate Art50 without having the slightest idea what the consequences were #BrexitShambles
Clean sweep required through a General Election to clear the Brexit mess. So much time wasted resulting into a bottleneck choice. #HoC
Again we see that , are at it again. They talk about Trump as a disruptive person. But these globalist elites want control of us commoners as they see us. They undermine our democracy, (like they are trying to kill Brexit). The enemy within.
Well, SNP virulently support Remain, and Labour hierarchy support Brexit, so not sure how that would work. If Lab came out in favour of Remain, they would get my vote, even if I think Corbyn would make a hopeless PM. But they won't, because Corbyn doesn't believe it.
to emphasise my point here, a few thousand in France and the country is in a state. 750,000 here against Brexit and that's nothing. Be consistent in your reasoning, otherwise your opinions mean nothing.
Dame Cheryl Gillan . You do realise The Queen is unelected and the Royal Family are from abroad. #Brexit #BrexitShambles #Brexitvote #nonsense n
Not said one of those phrases! But hey let’s not get factual Dwight, Brexit means Brexit, money, laws borders, bring back control, MAGA, build a wall
'No-Boats' ferry contract because "we'll all need to muck in" post-Brexit. Also plans to retrain the SAS to pick fruit, and retrain supermarket workers to replace the SAS. via
My anger about the opposition to the new #Gillette advert is a pleasant break from my anger about #brexit tbh
This Scot LibDem MPs performance really pissed me off - one-nation British to the core, with zero mention of how Brexit affects Scotland, how it brings independence closer.
The Attorney General just told the HOC that "we can not revoke Article 50 without abandoning Brexit", it's no problem with me and, surely, many of you here, but Rt Hon Kenneth Clark appeared to be taken aback by this. Is this true? Lawyers, please?
Bizarre sight in the House of Commons there as Labour’s International Trade Spokesperson Barry Gardiner, when asked by to defend Labour’s Brexit position...started blowing kisses at him. #brexit
The “Deal” is EU membership without voting rights.
"if it goes wrong there could be further talks" Sorry Independent but it means precicely that. It doesn't mean "negotiations" and it certainly doesn't mean "reopening the process" - German isn't that flexible to allow such a meaning” (via a German on fb)
The final countdown to the #Brexit Vote. Theresa May speaks at 6:20pm Amendments 7:20 and Vote at 8pm.
Struggle can break paralysis on Brexit
Interesting, Brexit by the back door? #BrexitBetrayal
Lawmaker delays C-section for Brexit vote A pregnant lawmaker has delayed the birth of her second child, against doctors' advice, in order to vote against UK Prime Minister Theresa May's beleaguered EU withdrawal deal on Tuesday.
J.K. Rowling's complicity with the Spectator should not go without scrutiny.
I'm so glad that after today we'll never hear about #Brexit again...
Brexit: Everything you need to know about the ‘meaningful vote’
Theresa May's top Europe adviser has reportedly been working on secret plans to discuss six Brexit plan B options with opposition MPs. Live Brexit Updates:
Brexit Vote: Parliament to Decide on E.U. Withdrawal Plan
Brexit Vote: Parliament to Decide on E.U. Withdrawal Plan
We don't need a reason to enjoy this again, but seeing as today is the day and all... #BrexitVote #brexit #BrexitDeal #cheesesubmarine
Brexit vote: When is it and what happens next? Sent via
Brexit Vote: Parliament to Decide on E.U. Withdrawal Plan
Here`s the #EU without our £billions They`ve proven in the Brexit talks it`s not us they want it`s our £ #LetsGoWto
If you read what I said properly, you’ll see I was blaming the store closures on Brexit.
Like , previously, O'Brien exposes Rees-Mogg as a bloviating C student with a posh accent.
Timeline of key events leading up to Brexit vote From - (The Indian Express)#News #Brexittimeline #Brexitlatestnews #enewsahead
Quick reminder that, while we endlessly debate what the future will look like after Trump, Brexit, and adverts for razor blades, there is an ever increasing chance that there won’t be a future for us at all.
I've been following Brexit events. I assure you the boat hasn't sailed yet. Nothing has happened yet — only talk.
They need the Tories in power and Brexit to go ahead
This is a lie. (Also, Arlene clearly has never heard my story about having to hide my baby doll’s bottle of ‘milk’ for fear of confiscation at the border stop in Strabane, circa 1996.)
Brexit amendment that might have limited PM’s losses is rejected
Theresa May on her way to historic defeat in Brexit mood
I can't understand why you don't consider it your responsibility to explain to Leavers exactly why in your words they were duped, that the referendum was illegally funded, and that Brexit is already proving to be a catastrophe. How is that 'insulting their intelligence'?
Due respect, 17.4m voted to Leave the E.U. without any mention of a deal or half in half out compromise deal which is what the #WithdrawalAgreement is. The deal does not deliver the referendum result &amp; the Government are letting down 17.4m voters. #Brexit
Brexit isn’t a destination - it’s a T Junction. The country can choose to turn left or turn right. The current neoliberal centrist status quo, with the European working class broken on the wheel of austerity isn’t working and hasn’t been working for years.
Theresa May’s Brexit deal finally goes to vote in Parliament, with defeat all but certain vía
The latest DOGS et MONDE Daily! Thanks to #writing #brexit
I haven't said there wasn't a mandate for leaving, but there isn't a mandate for a hard Brexit or a no deal Brexit.
If the City of London and all finance is all it cracks itself up to be the out on WTO terms will make not one hap'orth of difference, they'll just get on with it. Let them do what the people tell them for a change.
The Labour lawmaker who is postponing the birth of her baby to vote on Theresa May's Brexit deal says it is "my duty"
Sadly #TheresaMay won’t go and will eventually have to be dragged away, kicking and screaming, after destroying the Conservative party for a generation and cancelling Brexit. The #EU will then legislate to prevent any member state ever leaving.
Nigel farage -if brexit doesn’t happen I will return are you holding your breath I’m not
This already is happening this year not many people come as the usual as they heard that foreigners are not welcome and has been treated with disdain . And it will get worst if brexit do happen
These people lied to us about “350 million for NHS a week” and without shame continuing with their arrogance. Young people who are caught up in youth violence and as a consequence they get destroyed with their families are not even on their list. A stronger &amp; more stable UK!!!!!
: hey ! This could be us, but you playin'. #Brexit
STATE OF THE NATION
Compo,s game plan is to hang on for a hard brexit.
I’m hoping it gets much worse. Only through hitting rock bottom is there any chance of the only decent outcome (calling off Brexit)
We will see if Jassim shouts and screams and decide if we’re going to demand a final say on the deal or stopping #Brexit altogether. MI6 should have acted as usual to prevent the Referendum ever taking place and they didn’t. Now we’re going to be punched with: “How many votes?!”
Future Of Theresa May's Brexit Deal, And Brexit Itself, Hinges On Pivotal Vote
Which wouldn't be a bad thing just walk away we don't owe the EU nothing. Holding us to ransom cheeky basterds
Brexit's the biggest political mess in Britain since WW2. If anyone can tiptoe through it &amp; bring an equitable solution it's . His judgement has been right so far. And anyone who tells us they're an expert on something so unprecedented is deluded/lying/both.
Tom Slater, as ever epitimising everything wrong with the Brexit movement. We should repeal Article 50 and use that time to debate our post Brexit future with the EU. Then put it to a vote.
It's 73 days until the official Brexit...unless they do some course correction today
Why are you writing off Brexit being binned? The Lords are digging their heels in over no deal. All a GE would give us is a different government taking us into Brexit
Don’t blame Brexit for UK economic wobbles, says ‘Mr Copper’ via
I voted for what SHOULD happen. The referendum result will be betrayed changing the political landscape in Britain forever. We better bed down for a long period of political disagreement between the masses. Shame we couldn’t get behind the majority. Britain is a laughing stock
Theresa May after Brexit defeat tonight - “Plan B means Plan A" "Plan B means Plan A" "Plan B means Plan A" "Plan B means Plan A" "Plan B means Plan A"
Go , go !!! Wish I could be there, but am with you in spirit. “STOP BREXIT!!!!” #RevokeA50 #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote #Remain #RemainandReform #WeAreEuropean
These amendments would only frustrate Brexit and we need to get on with the job! Let's leave with a No-deal!
After Brexit vote: No 10 draws up secret contingency plans
Government ‘sneaks out’ £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote
remember the smarm surrounding her escape from the vote of no confidence from her party?
Attorney General Geoffrey Cox booms in the Commons as he accuses those opposed to the government's Brexit deal of acting like "children in the playground"
Dame Cheryl Gillan . You do realise The Queen is unelected and the Royal Family are from abroad. #Brexit #BrexitShambles #Brexitvote #nonsense
"brexit brexit " O in these beloved , British island is upon a heart of gold like music to our ears in ....... a very British wintry breeze coming in across the "English" bay a uncertainty is on the.... way but we will fight the ..... European Union all the way ! "backstop"
Ian Blackford throws down the gauntlet if #Brexit goes ahead Scotland will be independent. #BrexitVote
It’s clear for all to see that she wants to lose vote then cancel Brexit
i'm not staying for this shit. i'm gonna watch sky news now waiting for #BREXIT. We did already trade that one via GBPJPY. But maybe there's another trade there. I won't touch Spoos anymore today. got a good trade earlier off the fade from 2600 --&gt; 2586.
LIVE: PM vows to respond 'quickly' as she faces huge Brexit deal defeat
Eight possible outcomes of the Brexit vote
remaining in the eu means to allow them to control taxes, whether we nationalise our railways, or even accept refugees. the problem with brexit is tory leaders, not brexit itself. the eu is a inherently damaged union that has no reason to exist except to keep austerity in greece!
This means you don't leave.
Protesters have gathered outside the Houses of Parliament ahead of today's crucial Brexit vote. What would have to happen to make you join the protest?
'Hardline Ulster unionists will not support bids to oust Theresa May if MPs reject her Brexit deal tonight, DUP leader Arlene Foster signalled today.' but will probably change stance once the vote is taken and confirms May's loss imo.
If you’re an Umpire in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a disaster for you. If you live in the North East of England then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this disaster! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
So you get a second vote/ignore what people voted for but the British people don’t ? Hypocritical much? Seriously we’re at a point where if she doesn’t stop behaving like a dictator she should be sectioned She’s lost touch c reality
16.8m voted against it and the remainder didn't vote at all which means 17.4m is a minority of the UK is in favour of Brexit. So feel to fuck off anytime with your "will of the people" bollocks.
The AG knows full well and understands what was asked, he’s being deliberately obtuse. His response is not for Parliament’s consumption but for the public’s consumption. The public continue to be duped! #DissolveTheUnion
Unbelievable if they try this, why is the media letting the Tories treat parliament like this???
All the more reason not to have dictator Merkel forcing the UK to take more. #Brexit
BBC News - Theresa May facing crunch vote on her Brexit deal
Watching the Brexit Commons debate and I'm kinda wishing our Congress debated like this... WAY more informative!
Perhaps remainer MPs should think about the costs they are incurring by trying to stop Brexit? We could have walked with no deal by now
Stephen Gethins (SNP) 14:45 "There is no such thing as a Job's first #Brexit - it is a myth"
Exactly. There's No Brexit that will save jobs. Entire SNP benches are stalwarts. Let's bring them home and head into the EU.
Online shopping could be more of a headache after Brexit - InFacts
The latest Read the Daily Corporate Brother X! #worldatwork #brexit
Researching an export market on a tight budget? Our export assistance grant, worth up to €2,500, can help pay for the essentials. Find out more: #startup #export #Brexit #MakingItHappen
Latest updates and video as MPs hold historic vote on Theresa May's Brexit deal
DEMOCRATS need to remove their HEAD from their ASS to witness the damage BREXIT caused England? SOCIALISM is COMMUNISM on steroids!
is your man on gammon. We're one of Europe's biggest producers of eggs, but the tariff is €0.42 per dozen eggs. 5.8% on pineapples. Other issues of course. See:
Nope. For one thing, those who support Brexit are even less likely to admit it openly now than they were before the first vote.
Business groups in NI and the Republic of Ireland have banded together to warn of the "immediate and unprecedented economic shock" that would arise from a no deal Brexit.
make sure you reject this deal from the it’s a joke and does not deliver on the people’s referendum vote #Brexit #BrexitVote
I don’t appreciate being told how to vote. I will NEVER vote Labour. They introduced private companies assessing disabled people which has led to thousands of disabled deaths. I don’t believe in Corbyn or his version of Brexit either
British MP nails it on Brexit - but what he says about false promises and lies can be applied to much of what is happening in the world today. Watch - it is worth an investment of six minutes.
I wish we could vote for you in England. Clear, concise and consistent throughout the Brexit process. The opposition could learn a lot
FROM LAST NIGHT : "Brexit was a cry from the heart and soul of the British people... they voted to take back control, they want us to use that control to improve their lives and enrich this country."
looks at what the best #Brexit deal is for #ecommerce #business. Regardless of the outcome, Courier Cashback is here to save on your #shipping bills. #ups #dhl #fedex #ebay #amazon #postage #retail
Ledge.
Brexit
Listening carefully to every word being said today. Thank you for all your thoughtful and well chosen words today #Brexit #BrexitVote
$nflx guessing 341 close. Brexit news. If this gap not filled, not playing Er
Brexit is the most pertinent issue right now. Ideally I'd want a Labour government + Remain, but even if we'd Remain, there should be policies to address the economic issues that lead to the reactionary Brexit vote. Unfortunately, the UK rejected both Miliband and Corbyn.
WHAT'S THE BEST BREXIT OPTION FOR BRITAIN? I voted SECOND REFERENDUM on CNN International. What's your vote?
From abroad you can follow today's Parliamentary #Brexit debate live via
"#WorldNews: World shares rally ahead of vote on Brexit deal - Yahoo Finance #News":
It may cause more problems for overseas players with Brexit, i want big clubs to invest more into grassroots football and start developing our home grown players too.
They'd be scared that once confirmed as members again we could easily implement Art.50 again, but this time learn from May's mistakes/remain tendencies &amp; refuse to negotiate any new withdrawal agreement. A #Brexit PM wouldn't fall for the same tricks as May. Their worse fear!
New story on NPR: Future Of Theresa May's Brexit Deal, And Brexit Itself, Hinges On Pivotal Vote
It’s a make-or-break day for Brexit as PM Theresa May faces a crunch vote in parliament to try and get her deal on leaving the European Union approved. Over the last two years, a record…
The economic damage due to #brexit to UK is sickening.
Listening for the second time. I’m even more disturbed....#brexit #norejoicinghere
As the UK parliament prepares for a vote on #Brexit, the acting EU minister told Radio Sweden they want to make sure British citizens can stay in Sweden even in the event of no withdrawal deal. Today this proposal will be sent out for consultations.
9:52am here in The US so I’m just catching up on my news. Hoping the UK hasn’t self-destructed.Anyone have any #updates ? #BrexitVote #Brexit #DontGoBrexitMyHeart
New story on NPR: Future Of Theresa May's Brexit Deal, And Brexit Itself, Hinges On Pivotal Vote
yeah Brexit is definitely doing that mate *facepalm*
Brexit is the UKs racist version of DJTs wall. Brits loathe 'foreigners'. Jolly old England will revert to a miserable, grey, post-war economy. Tins of beans, anyone?
theSNP: RT sigridurtul: .StephenGethins to the Labour Party - "there is no such thing as a jobs first Brexit". No one on the Labour Party benches stands up to defend their position!
Sadiq Khan warns no-deal Brexit would be a disaster
All the other parties ganged together and voted #Leave - you sound ridiculous - have you ever heard of statistics or probability? All parties are pretty much spilt 50/50 on Brexit. The Labour seats that voted #Leave we’re predominantly #Labour
Where are the social workers? Oh that's right. They are all agreeing with her.
They better not even think about overturning brexit or they wount be getting voted into fuck all
NBCNews: DEVELOPING: UK faces one of its most consequential parliamentary votes in decades today: Theresa May's Brexit plan.
Honestly, yes. Trying to understand Brexit brings me into a sort of Zen state
Well today is the day. Its the day of the fall of Theresa May. She will fail because her deal is not Brexit! #TheresaMaysDeal #Brexit #BrexitVote #BrexitDeal #parliament #LetsGoWTO
Today in Westminster Scotland's EU future will be decided for either bad or worse. Thanks to your party's Brexit fiasco 100s of businesses will suffer and 1000s of jobs will be lost and all you have to offer Scotland is this parochial pish.
What time is the Brexit vote? And how is it going to happen?
How could you go about setting up a Don’t Buy European Buy British (DBEBB) campaign? The fact that the MPs are going to screw us out of Brexit doesn’t mean they can stop us screwing Europeans by stopping to buy their stuff. Any ideas?
Those who support Brexit need to watch this vid to see the corruption that's going on behind our backs. Disgraced Tory MP is in the thick of it. Don't forget he was sacked from Cameron's cabinet because of corruption &amp; he's still a crook. #BrexitVote
Im staying on the sideline. The trade is too risky for me.
Car crash interview for Tory favourite Jacob Rees Mogg.
Brexit amendment that might have limited PM's losses is rejected
"AEIP is a response not just to Tory Brexit, but also to the version of socialism which believes [in] the high enclosing walls of a reinvigorated national state." reports on 's inaugural conference in…
I shouldn't laugh but this is the British government equivalent of AIRPLANE!
And those in #Newbury, #Thatcham, #Hungerford, #Theale and the rest of #WestBerkshire you'll find us here :-)
Sad and at a very same time its too Good #BrexitDeal
I used respect the BBC. Watching the Breakfast Programme (sorry, Brexit Programme) has ended that.
I was present at this meeting and was absolutely disgusted at the threatening behaviour from some of Chris Chopes supporters, Never seen such behaviour at any Political meeting.
That's because it was understood throughout they were leaving the customs union and that Brexit would be about taking back control rather than remaining closely aligned as per May's deal, you disingenuous liar. #Brexit
The SNP have been saying that for decades. I guess arguing to surrender Scottish fisheries is a nice distraction from the civil war between Salmond and Sturgeon, though.
She’s finished...I hope and Brexit.
I am beginning to think it is time to leave Twitter. The vitriol, name calling that has accompanied the Brexit debate on here from people on all sides has wearied me. This is not how I want to live and does not reflect engagement of those around me (on all sides). We shall see...
No deal Brexit would represent the collective failure of an entire generation of politicians.
are cnn part of some anti Brexit plot???
Putin had a hand in Brexit. The people deserve a clean vote on it! A People's vote!
Brexit isn't the way to do that.
Feeling concerned
If the Theresa May’s deal is voted down, the UK will be closer to a non-negotiated departure, says
"even the crap one in hong kong" asjdksk I'm from Hong Kong and even I felt that
If it results in a new election, Jeremy Corbin is a brexiteer. As leader he failed to help labour stop brexit almost 2 years ago. We can hope. Corbin is quite unpopular, I hope labour ousts him if they get a new election
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process via
Decision day for May's Brexit bill as UK Parliament holds key vote. Shortly after 7 p.m. Tuesday evening, British MPs face a choice that will affect the country's 66 million citizens for many years to come.
May flannel as usual.
Biased news got rid of all the brexit supports poxy eu flags everywhere and a shit biased reporter,not one positive word about leaving
And yet on Brexit, which hasn't yet been delivered, 52% of those who turned out, in a referendum which had over 70% turn-out, remainers are now wanting to reject Brexit before it's been delivered. This is unprecedented &amp; I will always argue very dangerous
He sounded &amp; acted like an amateur dramatic Richard Burton wannabee
If nobody yells, cheers, or jeers your speech in Parliament, you aren't doing it right. #Brexit #BrexitVote
[the secret "6 commandments" by another Dominic Cummings...] After Brexit vote: No 10 draws up secret contingency plans
BestForBritain: Powerful argument from Kevin_Maguire. Far from giving those suffering from lower wages, poor employment conditions or bad housing, control, Brexit will make life harder still. It's time to argue for a decent, fairer society in Europe, b…
#Brexit: Vote to take place in Parliament as Britain's future hangs in balance - ABC News - via News
Gove will side with anyone who's in power, watch him change allegence when someone else is in power!
STOP BREXIT ITS A LOAD OF OLD SHITE!
'No-Boats' ferry contract because "we'll all need to muck in" post-Brexit. Also plans to retrain the SAS to pick fruit, and retrain supermarket workers to replace the SAS. via
Live Briefing: Brexit Vote: Parliament to Decide on E.U. Withdrawal Plan
Is there anybody listing or are all remainers so intrenched that they are prepared to damage the country by staying in a costly and failing E.U. But more importantly, shatter confidence, totally, in democracy?
USAToday British lawmaker Tulip Siddiq delays birth for Brexit vote
After Brexit vote: No 10 draws up secret contingency plans
Brexit's 585 pages: Enough to safeguard the Good Friday Agreement? My view published in DS
Perhaps self-awareness should be a job requirement for MPs...
New post (Brexit amendment that might have limited PM's losses is rejected) has been published on Parsian English News -
At the meeting, which took place the week before leaders signed off on the deal, eurocrats also reassured EU ambassadors over the role of euro judges.
I continue to receive a steady flow of emails and other forms of contact about Brexit. Although I have already set out my position on the PM’s deal, which you can read on my website here:...
Perfect summary...
Strong performance by on #scotland and #brexit just now. Will the UK survive? Will Scotland become the better part of the British Isles?
Having watched this brilliant interview from James OB with Rees-Mogg - I was left feeling that if JR-M was given a return opportunity to interrogate JO’B, it’d be more like this
Mr #SNP in Westminster. He's a bit repetitive wee Ian, I've heard his #brexit speech a few times before. My point though is that the wee guy obviously didn't realise it was an all *UK* referendum in 2016
One of the finest by
Last bit feels a bit like Brexit debate today....
Bill Cash, sit down you fool. #Brexit
Would that work with those MPs or voters who are ideologically committed to Brexit? Before the referendum when on a walk in Dover I saw a large billboard announcing a large refurnishment project for the Western Docks paid for in part by the EU. Dover still voted heavily for Leave
This evening I will be voting down Theresa May's bad Brexit deal. It fails to protect jobs, industries and rights. Whichever way we voted, nobody voted for this. #BrexitVote #VoteDownTheDeal
anything exciting happened r.e brexit yet
If Brexit is overturned all those politicians will have more power than ever. Never again will they have to listen to the people. Whatever your beliefs are it won't matter. If the MPs don't like what the people want they will do what they want instead. That's the future.
BBC News - Brexit vote: What could happen next?
To avoid an ‘Attempted subversion of democracy’ I would vote Hitler. That very famous arbiter of democracy and freedom for all.
The real point is ... that currently ALL those who live in every borough are EU citizens and that is being removed from a very large %-age of them. PLEASE stop all this #Brexshit ASAP
Only 8% want to go through the trauma again.
Always go for the easy win e.g, Banning or charging levies on plastic bags, throwaway (NOT really ‘disposable’) coffee cups, etc. Do we need a #HeathrowThirdRunway if # Brexit actually happens?
If and when this happens I want those MPs who have struggled with their decision to vote against it. This would represent a complete disregard for the 'will of parliament'. + others.
Brexit news: What is the Brexit deal on the table? May's Brexit deal EXPLAINED
All hail Brexit...
MPs have been told to stop behaving like “children” and vote in favour of Theresa May’s Brexit deal on Tuesday evening. Opening the final day of debate on the deal in...
'This might interest/confuse? ' #Cornwall embassy' would continue to represent county in EU
Whether you support a #PeoplesVote &amp; agree with the points raised or not, whether you are pro a Hard #NoDeal #Brexit or a die hard #Remainer, here’s a reminder of what a real leader sounds like- :
Putin loves #TrumpShutdown #Brexit #NATO weakening by Trump threatening withdrawal Weakening #Magnitsky sanctions by trying to exempt Deripaska #WhiteSuptemacy in the US as it divides and weakens the US
Brexit: Britain's parliament faces biggest decision since World War Two
LIVE – final day of Commons debate on the Brexit deal ahead of the vote ... via
Today, I am forced to question where my party, Labour, is taking us. While I would fight for them in a GE and have done for nearly 50y, we need to remain in the EU. Vote to kill Brexit/ foil the right wing of the Tories. This is their creation and their respinsibility
New poll finds 60% of the public backs People’s Vote #PeoplesVote #Brexit #FBPE #StopBrexit
What Mrs May should have said at Lancaster House......makes the hairs stand up on the back of your neck when sounds on. #brexit #leavemeansleave #strongandstable
Wouldn’t revoking article 50 be precisely such evidence?
BREXIT WRECKING! Theresa May’s deal dealt fresh blow as Bercow blocks key amendments ... Bercow lives up to the sentiments printed on his Car Bumper Sticker
Fantastic speech by pointing out why free movement is so vital to Scotland, challenging Labour to finally get off the fence on #Brexit and reminding the Commons that Scotland has a mandate to seek an independence referendum and to rejoin Europe as sovereign nation
After two years debate, Tim Bliss takes a look at the amendments to the PM's deal, what it means for Brexit and The Speaker's choices for debate.
Well what would Wilson know? He’s a bloody dog who’s owner is terrified of him
Brexit uncertainty leaves Airbus considering a move to china. The controversial plans would see it teach English in Beijing for a year, then backpack around South East Asia to find itself. via
NPR News: Future Of Theresa May’s Brexit Deal, And Brexit Itself, Hinges On Pivotal Vote
As I said before, show me yours first. I know how parliamentary time in particular works, and know how much resistence to change can be put into place. And if we Brexit, even if Labour wins a GE, at some point the Tories will come back. Then they have free rein to wreak havoc.
With the Brexit vote, the US government shutdown, and rumors of Trump pulling out of NATO, Putin must be overjoyed today.
No doubt exactly what Greive, Soubry and Bercow want and will connive to achieve by foul means.
watching Brexit debate through the lens of a fever-ish cold is weird. like if david lynch did hansard
Brexit is a nightmare for currency traders
“the drivers of the Brexit vote – stagnant wages, inequality and feelings of powerlessness – were not caused by the European Union. They will not be solved by leaving it. What will be needed is bold new policies that respond to these challenges.”
With Trump talking about pulling out of NATO, Russia amassing forces on the border with Ukraine, and Brexit about to crash out of the EU, it sure feels like a coordinated strategy.
New post (MPs seize on German minister's suggestion of further Brexit talks) has been published on Parsian English News -
Amongst all the Brexit and gloom that comes with it, how about something a bit lighter - custom-made slippers of your actual pet
. UK parliament concludes #Brexit debate and votes on May's deal
Factbox: Britain's parliament faces biggest decision since World War Two: Whether to back Prime Minister Theresa May's Brexit divorce deal, a vote that will influence the country's prosperity for generations to come.
Future Of Theresa May's Brexit Deal, And Brexit Itself, Hinges On Pivotal Vote
Wrong side of history knucklehead
NPR News: Future Of Theresa May’s Brexit Deal, And Brexit Itself, Hinges On Pivotal Vote
Future Of Theresa May's Brexit Deal, And Brexit Itself, Hinges On Pivotal Vote
The impact of a no deal Brexit on the Ad industry -
#BrexitDeal day also brings some good news for UK-based researchers from the other side of the English Channel...
The number of houses being sold in prime parts of central London is at its lowest point in nearly a decade via
I don’t think it will happen. They have too much invested in Brexit.
The thick of it now inspiring leaking *cough* quiet bat people *cough*
Future Of Theresa May's Brexit Deal, And Brexit Itself, Hinges On Pivotal Vote
Brexit vote: Decision day for Theresa May’s deal as UK Parliament holds key vote
“The economics are simple. The wealthier will ride out #Brexit, but the less well-off will feel the pain sharply. Without hesitation, they should vote it down.” CEP’s in , on what he thinks MPs should do today. #BrexitVote
nothing wrong with a 'bid' to stop Brexit. If enough people still want to leave it will still happen. However, it increasingly looks like the leave option is less appealing as it was given the mess it's caused and will continue to cause.
Stop Behaving Like ‘Children’ And Back PM’s Brexit Deal, Attorney General Tells MPs
For the sake of working people, the left must back remain | Aditya Chakrabortty
The Dutch will miss their overseas neighbors:
Hey pensioners, do you want more of this? If not, vote Labour!! #ToriesOUT
the level of speeches in this so called epoch making debate on the Brexit Bill is pretty poor.
#BrexitVote When you’re buying a house, you get a survey done. When you file for divorce, you have the decree nisi stage. The British public has the right to change its mind now we know what Brexit *actually looks like*:
Britain's May faces defeat in parliament over Brexit plan - #LatestComments
Why would ANY self respecting person want to have discussions or involvement with a party that support &amp; appeases terrorists &amp; terrorist organisations.
You’re not doomed, you live in the Netherlands!
How will U.K. Parliament members vote on the Brexit deal? Here’s a look back at how their constituencies voted in the 2016 referendum via
Voting for Brexit is against Brexit???/ Please explain
#Harborough. This is not a deal. It is a blind Brexit.
They do in the wrestles. Maybe the Labour Brexit team are just massive smarks.
You’re missing the point, I don’t want to give a single penny to prop up the EU. I’m more than happy to go with a hard Brexit. That’s what the voting public thought they were getting
Listening to the British House of Commons recently is just embarrassing - a complete shambles... every time the PM speaks the MPs just laugh at her #BrexitDeal #BrexitVote #Brexit
The link to Trump is just for the effect. JC is more than just slogans, as everybody knows that compromises need to be taken. JC is not silly and anbot be reduced to „his slogans clash with reality“. This is a simple smear with a false twist in the logic (Labour is not Brexit).
Final Countdown: May braces for crucial Brexit vote amid tough debates &amp; calls for new election
The trick is you just change your passport then move abroad lol (should hold until they get around to Brexit...)
It's not even March 29th and already the benefits of Brexit are rolling in!!!
The future after Brexit.
So we have - Lab ammdt to reject deal. SNP to extend Art 50 and reject. 2 Brexit ERG wreckers that negate the WA anyway. And NOT May’s ammdt. The Speaker chooses, so more fool you wreckers.
Man With Van London, house, flat, office and Student removal service UK #London #uk #Manandvanlondon #Londonislovinit #apartment #accommodation #BrexitVote #brexitinbetweeners #Londonislovinit #LondonIsOpen #Brexit #Bercow #LondonMarathon #londonbridge
#NoDealBrexit will cause property to fall 50% Marie 2020-2022 preserve your cash #BrexitVote #BrexitDeal #Brexit
James O'Brien's ( A real treasure) Unmissable Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote
Latest updates and video as MPs hold historic vote on Theresa May's Brexit deal
We won the leave Europe brexit vote fair and square. Why do we need another vote? Oh yeah the cry babies that lost the vote to stay in Europe. We want out of Europe, we won the vote, get over it! #Leave #LeaveMeansLeave #BrexitVote
Turbulence and Brexit Make Safer Options Like Gold and Cash Essential
Brexit: the day has come. Or not?
11 Brexit promises the government quietly dropped
I have to say that Twitter is absolutely on fire today. From Brexit to Gillette, Game of a Thrones and Hamburgergate... it’s absolutely a pleasure to waste all my time while I should be working retweeting it all.
Why does everyone assume a second referendum will automatically be a simple re-run of the first referendum?
British Ports Association statement ahead of #Brexit Vote #EU #UK #ports #trade
I am Rebecca Devitt one of your constituents living on the Isle of Wight and I want you to vote down this bad #Brexit deal. I also want to stop #NoDealBrexit which would be disastrous for UK by either revoking #A50 or extending it to allow for a #PeoplesVote.
Oh, so it’s just the debates that have been taking place now? #Brexit
He won't have to suffer any consequences of Brexit so he's alright Jack Shut your face Geffers
Lol I thought we just called economic migrants who don’t integrate ‘expats’??
As an avid photographer, Katie, I thought you might enjoy this young man's talent. I happened to find him while in the ND fan club. He arises very early to take some of the most beautiful skies. He acquired his grandfather's tripod after he passed. .
Sigmar Gabriel: 'Ireland too will have to rationally consider whether a hard Brexit won't end up producing exactly what the so-called “backstop” is meant to prevent'
I'm in the situation where my MP is in a REMAIN seat and, because she is a Government minister, she is expected to vote for Theresa May's deal and brexit! Sarah, please don't support it! You will not be speaking on behalf of your constituents.
What about Scottish workers doing the job simple stop there benefits employ picking fruit get paid happy days#theginman
As you're all here, I'll leave this here to get a balance of opinion
the question of whether it's bad faith is a bit hazier - depends on UK intent at the time of revocation. If intent is to buy time, it's bad faith, but if it's to draw a line and end the Brexit process knowing it could be started again, it's not. Agree that political will is key
To brexit or not to brexit. #Brexit #BrexitVote #TheresaMaysDeal
Constantly reminding myself I’m not allowed to become bored of Brexit because that’s what the elite want. But seriously...
Spot on, Brexit is the politics of spite. Brexiters act like Neanderthal people, they want to drag the intelligent the educated and ambitious backward into the gutter.
The Attorney General just told the HOC that "we can not revoke Article 50 without abandoning Brexit", it's no problem with me and, surely, many of you here, but Rt Hon Kenneth Clarke appeared to be taken aback by this. Is this true? Lawyers, please?
Yesterday, Brexiteer MP highlighted the huge 300,000+ No Deal petition in Parliament. A true defender of democracy. Thank you Steve!
Pure Radio Gold.
These guys are too dramatic. Here's my view on Brexit from 2016. "Richest lost billions, but UK will stabilise"
Watch U.K. Parliament talk about Brexit and try not to mistake it for a comedy. I love them.
&gt;brexit &gt;shutdown next thing you know tokyo is deadass a city raising esper children and paris, france is really a magic ritual location
How very apt! #withdrawalagreementvote #brexit
As we await tonight's #BrexitVote, it is worth observing how inexpensive #UK assets are relative to the rest of the world. Charts illustrate #sterling's extreme undervaluation and UK equites vs world. Any movement to delay Brexit, eg suspend Art 50 could produce a rally.
How many rats are there in the Party? Four rebel Cabinet ministers 'back plot to seize control and force soft Brexit'
#Brexit Arlene Foster Leader Northern Ireland Democratic Unionist Party didn’t try to get rid of backstop (Prove May, more interested than in Union with Irish Republican Army after attempted 187 of NI &amp; DUP)
Amazing piece-to-camera explaining how the Brexit deal vote will take place tonight.
#Brexit #Britain #BrexitVote So true!
Looking forward to drawing meaning from the outcome of the #Brexit #MeaningfulVote with on tomorrow morning. I'll be around from 7am-9am-ish (then back to for the 10am #SOP lecture!). Will it be #MaysDay or will she be leaving #Number10?
#BrexitDeal #BrexitBarometer #brexit Might be just me but when Ken Clarke and Geoffrey Cox, who are polar opposites in the Brexit debate, agree that Mays deal is the way forward, I sit up an take notice.
You're absolutely right and have a right to be angry about this Brexit mess. I love the Scots, your accent and your country. Mind you I love this whole island in spite of everything. Suspicion/hatred of others is probably as old as human history which doesn't make it OK of course
It’s clear the EU are desperate for a deal. #Brexit
Brexit: Vote to take place in Parliament as Britain's future hangs in balance
All you need to know about Brexit and that all-important vote - and what could happen next #Gloucester
Jacob Rees Mogg says there is nothing to be feared about leaving on WTO terms. Is there a ‘sigh’ emoji yet?
Damn missed it cos I was trying to avoid Brexit!
According to the note they admitted making a "limited concession" on the ECJ, whose remit in the withdrawal pact only extends to policing areas of EU law.
LEAVE ON NO DEAL BREXIT !!
Because they are not voting on Brexit itself (the people decided that), they are voting on this version of Brexit which they believe does not fulfil the mandate to get us out of this EU gang (it's not a club).
Funny but sad. We are a laughing stock. #BrexitVote
It is the year 2137. Brexit has still not happened. Theresa May is still prime minister
Germany CAVES IN: EU urged to find a 'better solution' as no-deal Brexit fears hit
in top form again.
No one cares about Brexit in America.
I just stood up in my living room and applauded that commons speech by Surely all political friends and foes much acknowledge that the only party who have been united and precise on their plans regarding Brexit are and I thank them for standing up for us
Sorry for three texts, I just keep thinking about the topic. Brexit has a deadline to happen on I think 3/29. If this deal fails it doesn't change that date. More things would have tohappen
Brexit has made hypocrites of many people, from all walks of life, but none as much as those tagged with the letters FBPE !
A polite request from Europe: wake us up when you know what you want from Brexit
Evolve Politics - Research predicts Theresa May’s Brexit bill will suffer biggest government...
So which chancers would they be then? Anyone from the Remainer camp, any Remainer MP’s??
3 ways Brexit is already affecting HR
That sums them up.
So clearly NOT in ‘listening’ mode! #BrexitChaos
democracy is about power to the people we were ruled by royality now it’s political elites and business elites the EU have proven they do not respect democracy communist capitalist era .offshore is government
Stop Behaving Like ‘Children’ And Back PM’s Brexit Deal, Attorney General Tells MPs
Don't really like the term #Lexit because people considered, 'right', deserve a civilised #brexit as well. Let's have a #PeoplesBrexit, because we will all need to work to make a success of it. #BrexitVote
It’ll be worse after Brexit... the door won’t work but it’ll have a blue passport and a sticker of Farage’s grinning face!
Well done
May. The worst prime minister we have ever had #BrexitVote
What is the backstop in the Brexit deal and how will it impact the UK and Ireland?
Soon we find out the next flavour of suffering the UK chooses for itself. (Or it could call the whole thing off. But it won't, because it's been said Brexit means Brexit.) BBC News - Theresa May facing crunch vote on her Brexit deal
Don’t you just wish he’d give way and the Speaker could call Alistair Darling? That would have brought the House down. #HoC #tory #brexit
Like I said easy to blame brexit. Petrol &amp; diesel cars have been in decline for last few years It's all about hybrid cars now.
I liked a video Sir Humphrey explains Brexit
Watch live at 10: British parliament votes on Brexit deal
‘There is no need for a backstop’: DUP leader Arlene Foster criticises Theresa May as she pledges to vote down deal.
exclusive: DfE fears over Brexit delay to teacher recruitment strategy. Read more: #education #educationnews #DfE #brexit
Brexit news latest: Attorney General Geoffrey Cox scolds MPs for 'playing with people's lives' on final day of debate
Just a few hours away from 650 MP’s denying the aspirations of the 14.2 million who voted Brexit; the chief architect, Remainer May; a bad deal by design not incompetence and the vast majority of MP’s simply don’t want to leave; pissing on you own doorstep is not new to these!
#Brexit #BrexitVote The problem is #Conservative Party will never agree with #Labour and Visa Versa. It about time MPs put their differences aside and work for the people. You're acting like school kids P.S. The only losers are the people as usual. #BrexitDeal #BrexitShambles
Finally something made me laugh today #Brexit
The Labour party are divided over Brexit. Nothing concrete. Corbyn, "The plan involves a Customs Union with a British say in future trade deals. a strong Single Market relationship; and a guarantee to keep pace with EU rights and standards. That "plan" is not Brexit!
I found it stressful to listen to live. #BrexitVote
What is this brexit thingy on the news?
Brexit: How did we end up here? via
Quiz: how well have you been following Brexit?
And this is how World Wars start...
Brexit: Everything you need to know about the 'meaningful vote' #brexit
As said last night on #politicslive isn't interested in delivering Brexit. He's only interested in an election despite having no plans for Brexit. Our deal takes back control of our laws, borders &amp; money and delivers on the result of the referendum.
Let's keep the people and government officials of the UK in our prayers today as they face #Brexit
One rule for Japan, one for Britain via #NoDeal #Brexit #Lies #NWO #EU
The British Parliament is likely to vote down Prime Minister Theresa May’s Brexit deal according to majority of the analysts. Read our analysts' views here-- #CenturyFinancial #BREXIT #DealorNoDeal
Should I Be Stockpiling Food for Brexit? #SkintDadUK
Well said
BBC News - Theresa May facing crunch vote on her Brexit deal The problem the public witness, is efforts to solve brexit take a back seat to intractable protocol.
You said that people who voted for Brexit are racist. That's wrong. We're not. The other guy was clearly joking and you overreacted.
You’ve had 2.5 years to get more trained up and skilled people will still be allowed into Britain post Brexit.
I wonder how the mental health charities get on in this Brexit climate; well speaking of which, they did respond to the NHS long term plan; the bit about mental health. I did have a look, but i've forgotten the gist of it now. Something like 2b to mental health?
Pound to euro exchange rate: How will crunch Brexit vote affect sterling today? #holiday #uk #lhr
Article 50 can be extended says EU but not beyond July 1st.
How can you get Brexit right? Do you know what kind of Brexit was voted for in the referendum? Any guess is sheer fantasy. Good luck and sweet dreams, vandal.
BREXIT flu?
‘Together We Thrive’: Has HSBC nailed it or not gone far enough? The latest iteration of HSBC’s ‘Together We Thrive’ campaign has seen the bank accused of promoting an ‘anti-Brexit’ agenda.
Market Morning: China Buys Oil, Aurora Buys Whistler, Shutdown Hurts Airlines, Brexit Disaster Unfolding $FXI $USO $LUV $BA $EWU $ACB #Brexit
'Oppose #Brexit' as meaninglessness as oppose the 2015 GE result.
#WeNeedAGeneralElection Thank god there are doctors who stand up for their patients.
Because things weren't weird enough, Boreham Wood FC, currently sat 13th in the National League, have now demanded MPs vote down Theresa May's Brexit deal
I don’t care if they wish to Leave or Remain, but today our MPs MUST make as clear to us as the former MPs who are now in the Lords have done why they support their positions and back a #PeoplesVote
Personally, I’ve given up my job to fight Brexit. If I don’t, they’ll be no job for me to go back to in a few months.
We can learn a thing or two from the Victorians, especially after Brexit.
If, for example, one side of the Brexit debate was fined a maximum amount (£61K) for failure to disclose atleast £500,000 of spending, I wouldn't make a false equivalence of saying the other side being fined £1.25k for being late with some reciepts was the same thing.
Latest blog: 4 reasons why MPs are opposing the Brexit deal
Brexit FC
All remainer MPs who were elected on Leave manifestos in 2017. If they have been scheming and prevaricating to stop Brexit, they all need deselecting. They lied and are dishonourable.
If you need a break from never-ending Brexit mayhem, have a read of my interview with , who has dedicated his retirement to fixing Britain's pothole crisis.
Telling it like it is. Great job.
WHAT'S THE BEST BREXIT OPTION FOR BRITAIN? I voted SECOND REFERENDUM on CNN International. What's your vote?
SNP: There is no such thing as a good Brexit via
No mention either of 'Brexit' This amorphous word without meaning that politicians twist &amp; torture to their linking Nobody voted "Brexit" (whatever the hell that means) 17.4 Million voted Leave A clear, precise &amp; brutally simple instruction that the establishment detest
So attention turns from the HMRC debacle to the Brexit debacle Don't you just love living in the UK?! #OUFC #Brexit
more bollocks from hysterical remainers
I love the SNP, they walk round with a gun, and just keep shooting themselves in the foot. He was on TV moaning about Brexit being all about nationalism, yet they are call the Scottish Nationalist Party, irony abounds
You should write a book on slow inevitable decline as a meditation on UK post Brexit
Given the 52-48 split a soft Brexit with close ties to the EU would be fairest for everyone.
Shut up with the identity politics will you? There are many far left socialists who support Brexit.
olaf stando on Twitter
The eu have treated the UK with contempt for years! But now that their cash cow may escape they want to do a deal! They should be told to Bog off! #CleanBrexit #WTO
It seems that Theresa May is in panic. A bit late for that I think. #BrexitVote #Brexit #NoDealNoProblem
Factory Theresa May chose for her Brexit speech received £400,000 grant from EU
Wells Fargo, JP Morgan and Brexit Vote Challenge US Stock Markets Today - read more : #cryptocurrency #bitocoin
The British people have spoken. They must never speak again. #Brexit
New story on NPR: Future Of Theresa May's Brexit Deal, And Brexit Itself, Hinges On Pivotal Vote
Thank you ! Finally someone speaking sense and it’s a shame there wasn’t more of that real talk being spoken in 2016! #brexit
BBC News - Theresa May facing crunch vote on her Brexit deal
First post-Brexit British car rolls off production line... The future of British car making is secure despite fears it would implode after Brexit. Delighted bosses today unveiled the first British-made model to roll off the produ…
Good speech and thank you for your understanding of what #Brexit
David Davis outlines next steps should Brexit deal be rejected via
And remember this is the same Patrick Minford who in The Sun said that with his policies UK manufacturing would be destroyed, but we should not worry!
Here's what City of London banks are telling clients ahead of tonight's crucial Brexit vote
Sounds like the Town Cryer getting ready for the Circus...Oh Wait!!...it is a Circus..#brexit
#Brexit #GoWTO Ve haf vays off makink you obey. #PeoplesVoteWasLeave #IamEuropean #LoveEurope #JustLeaveeu
‘Stark Brexit business warning can’t be ignored’ – Ó Muilleoir
ABP Prepares for No-Deal Brexit - Port Technology International
Learning about what’s and what’s not EU regarding Brexit.
I did this some time ago. Oh yes, I remember, it was on the 24th of June 2016. #BrexitDeal
Sir Bill Cash describes the PM’s #Brexit deal as “Alice in Wonderland.” Alice is being savaged by the Mad Hatter. #BrexitCarroll
For the moment I'm more angry about some men being angry about the suggestion that some of them can do and be better than I am about Brexit. So well done Gillette.
In sure a Serbian and a French man are arguing over brexit.
Exit, a Brexit poem by Kevin Higgins via
There is little to no chance the EU will renegotiate or revoke the backstop. If this bill fails we're more likely to end up seeing no Brexit. Time to get behind the Withdrawal Agreement #ConservativeMPs.
Company spent million for Brexit preparation, who pay for the bill?
The valleys will be fucked over even more with Brexit. Might have won a world war but you didn’t have China and other countries in the market then. World is completely a different place.
Brexit
JRM is one of the reasons our country is in this mess and you wonder why someone who has seen clearly for over 2 years what a utter disaster Brexit is going to be, huffed and puffed at the slim ball responsible! Get a grip!
Watch live: UK MPs in final debate before historic Brexit deal vote
Big fan of how their timeline is just normal football related stuff then out of nowhere a massive rant about Brexit
The latest The Emma Lingard Daily! Thanks to #brexit #getoutside
It's not childish to oppose a crap deal.
The main thread is looking quite comical. I wonder if Brexit to avoid the new EU tax avoidance rules has any influence on the viewpoint. I have been intrigued how their business model stands up with low attendances.
Well outnumbered by Remoaners today, we need a better turn out #LetsGoWTO #NoDealBrexitBrexit #NoDealNoProblem #nodeal #LeaveMeansLeave
You’re RTing Westmonster? January 2018: The ICM survey ... found 47% of people would favour having a final say on Brexit once the terms of the UK’s departure are known, while 34% oppose reopening the question.
New story on NPR: Future Of Theresa May's Brexit Deal, And Brexit Itself, Hinges On Pivotal Vote
Does today's Brexit vote at 2 p.m. affect $ETFC?
May still running to Mutti for help. The humiliation never ends.
“Ah, those Protestants, up to no good as usual” #Brexit #BrexitVote
EU confirms no UK MEPs means default Brexit 2 July latest. New ref ruled out by timescale via
And a couple of years after every general election.
Theresa May is starting to look like Mark E Smith in a bad wig. #BrexitVote #Brexit #WithdrawalAgreement
Don't suppose the track drawn is a comment on #Brexit. Rather ironic for a Virgin!
cheers, this isn't about 'brexit' it's about stopping corbyn becoming pm. mrs may will be humiliated &amp; ashamed of herself knowing she has been outstayed, out thought &amp; outted from number 10 by a man who she thought was easy meat. 4 most tories it's decision time.
We got out of the clutches of #Germany, in 1945, we certainly don't want to fall under their government now. We fought for our freedom then, and we will fight for our freedom now !. #Brexit !.
Normally JOB just wins against every comer...He is brilliant on Brexit. ..However in this case the MOG just wiped him out...At the end JOB sounded like one of his callers defeated.....
Brexit amendments: How MPs will try to shape Theresa May's deal
Is this anything to do with brexit?
Dumb people, dumb ideas. Brexit=tax dodging=illegal and will be reversed anyway
Any attempt to undo Brexit must take a longer view of its causes, says James Kirkup
Who is funding you? Brexit is a fantasy of the wealthy sold using foreign money and lies to the less informed. You have cynically stored racial sentiment- stop this
seth mcfarlanes half hour assault on trump is ok then ? ,wish we had someone with balls like him in UK ,soon have brexit sorted ,yanno like being the 1st world leader to say to north korea ,come on m8 lets have a chat see whats what ,not perpetuating a nuclear myth for decades
Brexit deal wtf if you want to be permanently shackled to the EU we don't WTO out of the dictatorship called the EU.
time for LP to support a #PeopelsVote. Time for the LP to become an Opposition. No more sitting on the fence. If Labour enables Brexit you will judged by the people and by history.
Utterly inept. Our Government is a waste of space.
Another day in the crazy world that is Brexit
From the MSM, BrusselsBC, ITV etc not apeep? The Silence is Deafening you slavish Europhiles !
Government 'sneaks out' £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote - The Independent
I've no doubt! and I've received many DM's from her/and others claiming to be the new Messiah. Try listening: UKIP achieved Brexit by Farage's hard work, that is the only reason establishment listened: 'The Right United' which was their only fear! Now there's disunited joke.
Here are the 4 amendments that will debate on 's #Brexit deal: via
Nice try though
How does Brexit affect the pound?
Here's what you need to know about Brexit. Video
Join our #Brexit live webcast on the 23rd January where our panel will be discussing developments from the outcome of the Meaningful Vote and what this means for businesses leading up to 29th March 2019: #BeyondBrexit #TimetoAct
"The mother of all recessions" if we go through a #NoDeal Brexit. Just is not the case. We are much more prepared for a no deal #Brexit than the Government have you believe
BREAKING: Germany says EU ready to talk if UK rejects #Brexit deal. They will be in trouble without a deal. 1) Need to reject deal 2) Boot out May 3) Install Brexiteer PM 4) Go to Brussels with guns blazing 5) EU took piss for 2 1/2 years 6) Payback time
DEADLINE LOOMS #Brexit
You are the one ignoring the facts. Millions of Labour voters chose to vote Leave. Without these votes there would be no Brexit. This is a National issue not a one party one.
Lol. Wish he won.
Lol. Wish he won.
Well said Patrick, there was some far right characters on Facebook I knew then from right site. Attacking Berco i attacked them they want hard brexit. Imagine if she had got her 100 seat majority she thought she was going to get. Would have reeked havoc on our people country evil
Hardly, he just exposed that the SNP are dependent upon the Tories being in power and Brexit going through to gain support for indy
My colours ,and flag to be proud of. Yay as i walk thru the shadow of Brexit i shall fear no European union.
Imagine if Boreham Wood FC are the turning point in finalising Brexit
[ON AIR]: British MPs will this evening finally vote on Theresa May’s proposed #Brexit deal after almost two years of negotiations, months of parliamentary debates and a five-week delay. speaks to UK Correspondent #POWERDrive
I'm shocked that that argument of reform wasn't the main argument of remain. That may have worked to prevent Brexit.
Yesterday in Parliament, Brexiteer MP highlighted the huge 300,000+ No Deal petition that has been totally ignored by the mainstream media. A true defender of democracy. Thank you Steve!
Lose my job. Otherwise I have to be at work on Tuesday.
"Parliament to vote on May's Brexit deal"
If we Brexit ..or crash out We will be at the mercy of trading with a Russian Asset which means annexation. #RevokeArticle50
Brexit vote live: MPs battle over Theresa May's deal
Fuck the people of 2016. What about the 2019 people?! Don't we count?!
Help Carson if you can.
Attorney General Geoffrey Cox blasts MPs for gambling with ‘people’s lives’ in Brexit clashes
Everybody is turning to them . . .#FacebookAds
About 5 people have asked you to quantify the future gains from Brexit, in % or £, how and when they’ll arise, and your key assumptions. But you haven’t been able to do so. What other conclusion can be drawn except that you don’t know how to? If you can’t, please admit it
At risk of going over old ground. Brexit is a full time job, probably more. Our policy work over the last year has included substantive work on diversity &amp; inclusion, campaigning &amp; safe cultures. It is not justifiable to drop these when exists, of which we are a member
Now we can drive the hard bargains from a position of strength. #Brexit #NoDealNoProblem
Everyone needs to see this thread....disgusting French Police violence against the #GiletsJaunes (yellow vests) EU protesters across France. Not reported by FAKE NEWS lamestream media. #Brexit #Frexit #YellowVests
Wow - true definition of patience
Brexit vote tonight
A sidebar to today's Brexit vote perhaps but this nonsense has to end. If any MP has a medical reason for not being in parliament they should be able to vote by proxy.
Boris Johnson stumped by Brexit question on RTE News as he talks about CHEESE | Latest Brexit news and top stories - The New European
With Theresa May’s plan in peril and a no-deal scenario threatening chaos in the U.K., ‘preppers’ are steeling themselves for the worst
Future Of Theresa May's Brexit Deal, And Brexit Itself, Hinges On Pivotal Vote
Depends who you talk too... Half the world's trade is conducted on WTO. Our WTO business is growing 3 x quicker than on EU trade deals EU's 2 biggest trade partners (USA &amp; China) are both done WTO Its called the world trade organisation for good reason..
#BrexitVote Ian Blackford speaking with all the rage and passion of an impotent cuckold, not against the Tories but against Labour. As always the priorities of the SNP are questionable to say the least. #Brexit
Your Daily Dose of Financial News #Brexit #UKParliament #PGE #Malaysia #1MDB #IRS #RMBS #RoyalPark #WellsFargo #Canopy #Hemp #AldenGlobal #Gannett #DeepWork #blawg
#BrexitVote We can brexit and “respect” the referendum result or we can stop Brexit and respect ourselves. We cannot do both.
Won't be long before there's no boarder Andrew &amp; it is the obvious simple solution to the Northern Ireland Brexit issue! #32CountyIreland It's time for United Ireland, problem solved!
A #PeoplesVote is the only sensible way forward at this point …
Me watching the Brexit vote unfold this afternoon as if the president of my country didn’t just serve ‘hamberders’ from McDonald’s last night
Leaving EU single market = bad Leaving U.K. single market = good Cognitive dissonance of the SNP is baffling
Eurocrats told capitals they can't be forced to sign a trade deal with the UK despite a "best endeavours" clause to negotiate one as quickly as possible.
Just cycled passed it. Both sides of the street were lined with people. On one side pro Brexit, on the other pro Remain. Police and barriers. I cycled right through it, felt like the Pope.
Trying to keep track of Brexit Simon so rediscovered twitter. It works. Uok?
WHAT'S THE BEST BREXIT OPTION FOR BRITAIN? #BrexitVote #Brexit
Polls, Brexit and Andy Murray.
Pro-Referendum must NOT mean anti-Brexit! It's about fairness &amp; good, more deliberative, democracy. A general election would NOT remove the vital need to hold a "brexit terms" referendum ballot. USE THESE ARGUMENTS AT TO CONVINCE YOUR MP!
A very timely and insightful exchange of views with , the #Brexit chief negotiator who has done an extraordinary job.
Brexit. Deal or no-deal?
Indeed. And yet if Corbyn got into power, along with Starmer and Thornberry, Momentum would skin Corbyn before the dust has even settled. I am amazed the Brexit bomb has not blown the lid off Labour. How they are containing it is beyond me!!
The Brexit Village today, College Green, Westminster.
So where did you see these "outcomes"? The vast majority of forecasts predict a 8 to 12 point loss of GDP. And what changes to make the long run better, what happens after no deal brexit to initiate that change? How long does it take?
New story on NPR: Future Of Theresa May's Brexit Deal, And Brexit Itself, Hinges On Pivotal Vote
Boris Johnson on Twitter
- Representatives of the People of #Sunderland. I'm pretty sure you'll be aware of this article You carried out your own "survey" how come the results are so different. + Y R Ppl are saying "Never Asked"?
It is an indictment of the shambolic character of this government that, on the day of the vote which they themselves pushed back and rescheduled, they are still desperately scrambling for any possible way to mitigate the damage that will befall them this evening #brexit
Meaningless as it would breach the Good Friday Agreement.
FROM LAST NIGHT ConorBurnsUK: "Brexit was a cry from the heart and soul of the British people... they voted to take back control, they want us to use that control to improve their lives and enrich this country."
Brexit: Huge poll shows 60% favour second referendum
The UK and the #FaroeIslands announce they will sign a Free Trade Agreement (which is a carbon copy of current EU-Faroese relations) ... I wonder if this will get mentioned in today's #Brexit debate. OR if it gets mentioned in Denmark #eudk
#Brexit Today's the day #MPs prepare to vote on PM's Brexit deal #PM #TheresaMay #BritishPolitics #Parliament
The ´deal´ is designed to fail (its that bad by design), then we move onto the next phase of stop Brexit, withdraw A50 ´for time to negotiate´ then never re-activate it.
Good article
I know many people, some of them young, who have said they will NEVER vote again if the #brexit result is ignored.
Cabinet Source: Theresa May Could Resign if She Suffers Heavy Defeat
#NO_DEAL BREXIT MAY BE UNLAWFUL
This is an ignorant headline from The Guardian as the limitation of the backstop would lead to its rejection by the EU.
THE PATH TO NUMBER 10: With a possible general election on the horizon, what should 's electoral strategy be? Find out at our New Year Conference w/ , , , &amp; . Tickets &gt;&gt; #FEPSFAB19
Myself and are bringing you updates from what could turn out to be a pretty important day in Parliament
New story on NPR: Future Of Theresa May's Brexit Deal, And Brexit Itself, Hinges On Pivotal Vote
EU brazingly coming after and wants to destroy Ireland's vital corporate regime. Only functional protection is to leave the EU. #irexit #brexit . #ccctb
and comment on changing GPs #PensionTax rules, , #brexit
Business news in #isleofman Examiner includes a preview of Friday's Brexit breakfast a boost for micro biz scheme by plenty of good news stories about business people including There's also a feature about so-called march of chatbots!
2. I think a shade over 71% of all UK fish exports go to other EU countries. In the event of a no deal Brexit, the fishing industry would be in a very bad position indeed. 3. How many contingencies are involved in the industry doubling given no CFP? How? (Genuinely interested.)
Nearer 150 And nearer 250 without the 'payroll vote'
Very brave Labour MP. Admire your resolve - Thank You
#SirBillCash trying to whip up #AntiGerman sentiment in #parliament he's living in the wrong decade #brexit #PeoplesVoteNow
GOOD.
The British Ports Association say there could be chaos with May’s deal. How much worse with No Deal?
ha ha deluded
So you want a no deal brexit Joanna? I’ll admit I do too but I didn’t think you did! Well played! I had it in my head you were a remainder!
i'm going to run a sweepstake as to whether this thread or Brexit will be concluded first. any takers? ;)
#Brexit #GoWTO Ve haf vays off makink you obey! #PeoplesVoteWasLeave #IamEuropean #LoveEurope #JustLeaveeu
We want democracy. We want sovereignty. Brexit weakens both.
I am italian grew in the uk... love the uk and its people. Started working at never had 1 day sick never claimed 1 penny.... i want #brexit . Followed by #itexit
Referring to himself in both the 3rd and 1st person.... and has the stones to call me thick. #ironic
Aha. And we’re off ...
I'd like to say "un-feckin-believable" but with the devious and duplicitious May, almost anything is believeable. This is why her turd of a deal needs to be voted down and along with May herself, flushed down the soil pipe of parliamentary history.
Right good day for this to happen as well #Brexit #voteleave
Nation can watch through their TV screens playing out of a Tory psychodrama Media trots out Tory MPs from Remain to Hard Brexit from a bitterly split Party. could stop this but lacks the will&amp;intellect so to do. Has as much personality as used cat litter tray #fbpe
Extremist wing of the Agnostic Vegetarians Socialists for Brexit. Splitter (s - if there are more than one of them).
Future Of Theresa May’s Brexit Deal, And Brexit Itself, Hinges On Pivotal Vote : NPR
We managed not to repeat the mistakes of WW2 by cooperating with the people we were once fighting. Now, everyone talks about Brexit like it’s a war, so if that’s true, we’re about to get our arses kicked.
Top of the Brexit playlist today:
The arrogance of this. Reminder that the Speaker a) is under no obligation to re-introduce identical motions and b) despises the contempt this government shows the House. Time for May and her fellow vandals to listen to MPs for once
"Austerity imposed by the German compact" YOU TORY PRICKS IMPOSED AUSTERITY IN THE UK AND LEAD TO THIS YOU WANKER #Brexit
This is just a made up list no facts back it up. Here is the governments own consultation which is where these so called deals would be posted as a consultation. Fox can’t even roll over 5 Brexit: UK hopes to roll over 40 EU trade deals, says Liam Fox
June 2018: 48 per cent of voters said they wanted a say on the final deal Theresa May negotiates with with the EU, compared to just 25 per cent who disagreed.
Theresa May facing crunch vote on her Brexit deal
EU confirms no UK MEPs means default Brexit 2 July latest. New ref ruled out by timescale
They are such a minority thankfully.
DearTom Brake As my MP I demand you let me have tge Brexit I voted for. Regards A Constituent #Done
Ian Blackford of the Stupid National Party, has just wasted his chance to speak on the brexit he does not want by using the time to slag off Jeremy Corbyn and Labour because we will not let this Scottish pleb and his party use us. This will not be forgotten Blackford.
Only one way to Brexit, a no deal exit from the EU. Everyone knows it, but are too greedy to comply. #BrexitVote #NoDealWithTheEU #ExitNow
MR Brexit we need leaders like him
Criticised for a column "threatening" another murder like #LabourParty #JoCox if #Brexit is overturned? They claim proudly they tell you what you think, what you do, who to hate, and how you vote! It will not be you but The Sun that will do it!
A #brexit fan has spoken
The recent ECJ ruling confirmed that the government can revoke Article 50 unilaterally. That would bring the current brexit negotiations to an end yes, but it wouldnt stop the government giving a fresh article 50 notification later on in my view
Brussels boasts to EU27 that Theresa May's Brexit deal will tie Britain to following EU's rules for years to come the deceit continues
Read our latest blog: What happens if there is no deal? – EU Citizens in the UK #Brexit #HR #Immigration #NoDeal
Fact-check =
It’s cool that you don’t mind admitting you haven’t got the first clue how Parliament works. If it wasn’t for Corbyn Brexit would already have been passed. You can thank him now
If valid yet more evidence not to believe a word says reference #brexit.
Breaking news from !
One of the most powerful arguments made, amidst all the bluff and bluster that has surrounded those who would have the British Empire back again...
We are building up to what could be one of the most significant days in Parliament in recent years
On this decisive #Brexit day announces biggest investment in European chemical industry in decades! I met Sir Jim Ratcliffe &amp; thank him for his trust. This investment in Antwerp is another sign of Belgium’s attractiveness as top location for business! #jobsjobsjobs
No-deal means no deals? How Brexit could impact UK private equity | PitchBook via
Sake
I cannot get my head around the rebel Brexiteer Tory MPs logic. The games have finished now. In opposing May's deal, they're taking a HUGE unnecessary gamble on expecting a no-deal Brexit over no-Brexit at all.
He also supports Brexit... So more like Trump than you imagine...
Future Of Theresa May's Brexit Deal, And Brexit Itself, Hinges On Pivotal Vote
I will ask you again... On the issue of taking back control of borders - how are the UK going to monitor the movement of people into the UK post Brexit across the single EU / UK land border?
Ignorance is strength, freedom is slavery, Plan B is Plan A.
Two thirds of Leave voters thought that it was either fairly unlikely or very unlikely that Brexit would reduce our level of access to the single market. We won't be gaining bespoke access to new markets any time soon. Will people really be happier in these poorer conditions?
Brexit is dead!
May you live in interesting times #Brexit
You’ve missed the point. I’m criticising an academic for making a generalisation without evidence in support. It’s not possible to know each Brexit voter’s mind on 23/06/16 when they voted Leave. It’s THE fundamental flaw of the Ref; theres no majority for any one type of Brexit
New story on NPR: Future Of Theresa May's Brexit Deal, And Brexit Itself, Hinges On Pivotal Vote
Don’t blame Brexit for UK wobbles, says ‘Mr Copper’
Future Of Theresa May's Brexit Deal, And Brexit Itself, Hinges On Pivotal Vote
Brexit metaphor klaxon.
Investment and labour costs top post-Brexit concerns for social housing sector, finds #BrexitVote #icymi
Watching the Commons debate on Brexit and Ihave to say that Iwish our Congress debated like this... WAY more informative!
Brexit - Bringing Britain Back to the Glory Days of WW2 Siege by Nazis, the DIY Version. Thanks for the offer , , Farage, Trump, Putin &amp; other Brexit fans, but Scots will be offski, you're welcome to your Brexit reich.
New story on NPR: Future Of Theresa May's Brexit Deal, And Brexit Itself, Hinges On Pivotal Vote
MPs “hold the future of the UK automotive industry in their hands”.
The wider truth is that College Green interviews are a circus invented by television 30 years ago to make its broadcasts from Westminster seem less boring, says Charles Moore:
Taoiseach accused of treating public 'shoddily' by not fully disclosing Government's Brexit plans
Possibility of second referendum on BREXIT to break the stalemate
New story on NPR: Future Of Theresa May's Brexit Deal, And Brexit Itself, Hinges On Pivotal Vote
Mmmm, a post Brexit delicacy?
V good point this. Both also lied repeatedly about what was possible to shore up their own positions and both vastly overrated their own strategic abilities
Love her
My constituency MP is really going beyond the call of duty, all in the name of Brexit!
The latest ShopaholicMommy Daily Is Out !! #brexit #mondaymorning
Just in case anybody missed it live..#MeaningfulVote #brexitvote #BrexitDeal James O'Brien's Unmissable Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote
Stop behaving like children in the playground you are playing with peoples lives by voting down the deal you’re creating more uncertainty if you want Brexit then #BackTheBrexitDeal
Breaking Brexit News at 7:00 a.m. on
100% right.
Do you really need to hashtag the election if talking about the issues in it? I've used the hashtag 'Brexit', but not 'GE2017'. I also retweet things about Brexit way more than other politics. I don't get why it's surprising, it's way more important than transient things.
Government 'sneaks out' £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote - The Independent
At New Year reception boosts hope for the future despite dark clouds over the EU continent #Brexit #EU2019 elections #populism #Democracy #MFF for change. Strive for #rEUnaissance
We didn't vote for 'talks' we voted to Leave. Walk away, no money, set agenda, take it or leave it...
I added a video to a playlist LIVE – final day of Commons debate on the Brexit deal ahead of the
Brexiteers say threat of terrorist attacks is no reason not to have hard border in Ireland but cite threat of right wing violence as a reason not to hold a second referendum #Brexit
The draft Brexit withdrawal agreement stands at 599 pages long. It sets out how the UK leaves the European Union, scheduled for 29 March 2019. Chris Morris, from BBC News Reality Check, has been going through it in detail and pulls out...
#Brexit. Stoke-on-Trent. Famous for it's mugs. Nuff said.
Here’s something meaningful - only 8% of people want a second referendum.
Boris Johnson now FAVOURITE for Prime Minister as Theresa May faces crushing #Brexit defeat
Have they just woken up !
#Brexit and #packaging: #Plastics to be the hardest hit sector in a “no deal” scenario, experts warn
A no-deal hard #Brexit would be (economically) very bad for Ireland. But giving the Brexiters what they want (full SM access, not following EU req, independent trade deals), that's also economically bad for Ireland!
The #Brexit fans want it to be possible to land a ship full of chlorinated chicken in Belfast, and drive down the road into RoI and repackage it there! That's really bad news for the Irish argriculture industry!
Get Big Sam in, only he can deliver Brexit
It's better for Ireland to push for the backstop, even if it runs the risk of a no-deal hard #Brexit.
If there is a no deal, hard #Brexit, everyone in Ireland will blame the Brits, not the Irish politicians. UK journos who think Varadkar will get blamed are deluded.
They are unable to. The amount of personal wealth the EU brings the mps makes it impossible to ever leave. They will simply cancel brexit. #Traitors
Sir Bill Cash MP, speaking in Parliament on the 'Withdrawal Agreement', says the EU is nothing more than an attempt to create a German Superstate. #Brexit #JustLeave
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
The economic costs associated with #Brexit are very high: on #Bloomberg Daybreak Middle East show (13/01/2018) #BrexitVote
Space Mountain also similar to Brexit due to lots of twists and turns and in that you'll find all the money from your pocket has all fallen out on the ride when you get off....
BREAKING: Theresa May urges MPs to support her Brexit deal so the government can get back to day to day business of ruining economy, crippling NHS and persecuting vulnerable.
There is a logic to what he says -it is easier to do than extend Art 50. T.May had a go at getting satisfactory Brexit- might fail.If so revoking clears the field -Art 50can be re- invoked and no need to wait 2 years whenParliament has decided how !we are going to do
Timely ... who would have thought the changes a decade would wreak on this string of customs points?
Third quarter global #GDP rose 2% at an annualized rate, compared with the 3.5% in the second quarter and the weakest in some time. #economy #interestrates #tradewar #Brexit #oilprices #IMF
Sick of hearing right wing members of the Tory front bench claiming “wants chaos” to get a General Election. Question, who has created the chaos we are in? Every policy area within this Country is in chaos., not just Brexit. We need a General Election now.
#Brexit was never going to be honoured. The only game in town was to get #Corbyn4pm out of Parliament so they could carry on the gravy train. #EU already said it will extend #A50 contrary to what all the #FBPE #PV cultists claimed. This isn't going to end well for people in U.K.!
Pretty stark #Brexitconcerns from president Andrew McCornick about the hugely negative impact of Brexit on the capacity of Britain's farming industry to function without freedom of movement for workers. #BrexitFood #BrexitReality
... all of which would remain in Britain after Brexit. Leaving the EU therefore achieves nothing.
Stop Behaving Like ‘Children’ And Back PM’s Brexit Deal, Attorney General Tells MPs
#Parliament today #Brexit #BrexitVote
exactly, Theresa May and Hammond have in my view been sabotaging brexit from the start by refusing to plan and budget for a no deal, weakening our hand with the EU, by agreeing an unnecessary backstop, and agreeing to pay over £39bn with no concessions to us.
Just received this important message from my friend Bernie Armstrong: 12:05 PM Your Country Needs You to Pray Dear Friend The next few days are critical for this nation, which is still divided over the ‘Brexit...
Er I thought it was Brexit One dog at a time!
We most certainly are.
Bill Cash lying to Parliament today about Parliamentary sovereignty and Brexit.
Bring it on kick her out .
Future Of Theresa May's Brexit Deal, And Brexit Itself, Hinges On Pivotal Vote
Do I want May's deal to succeed? That depends whether the alternative is No Deal Brexit, or No Brexit.
THere is no point to a GE as Corbyn will just go ahead with Brexit, and Labour in general never revoke policies the Tories have implemented the last time they were in power. So Britain will remain in a shit state regardless.... Scotland has the only Option #DissolveTheUnion
Just realized there are still people out there who believe the vote is going to pass. Lmao you guys are wild. #brexit
screw Barr hearing, watch British Parliament debate May's Brexit deal
UK parliament holds Brexit debate before crucial vote
Until I'm blue in the fucking face. FAITH IN DEMOCRACY IN THE UK HAS BEEN UNDERMINED BY THE LIES AND CHEATING THAT DELIVERED THE BREXIT RESULT. When will you plonkers get this into your thick skulls? Laws were broken. The Leave campaign consisted of a pack of bloody lies.
Getting your head around all these amendments ahead of the Commons vote on Brexit? Here’s our #AfternoonLive guide – with thanks to Meg Russell of
I'm the only one staying up to watch the UK Brexit vote stuff, aren't I. I'm mostly doing this to test my theory that the graver Theresa May's trouble holding on to power gets, the bigger her bead necklaces are.
What a nasty insinuation about people with mental health problems you chose to use in your 'criticism'. You're being called out on that in this instance not the Brexit stuff.
please think about what you are about to do . This is for our countries future. #BinBrexit #RemainintheEU #PeoplesVote
Jacob Rees Mogg is a cunt.
Brexit worries sees city move £800bn to the EU
Incredible comments. When will the #Brexit debate address claims that some in the DUP want a hard border as a bulwark against GFA &amp; process of change. While the party pushes policies that will deliver a hard border, we have to assume that's what the party wants.
It sounds very like the #Brexit being advocated by the leave campaign in 2016 to me. Go back and take a look at what most of them were saying at the time.
Sounds about right.
Any Brexit, including the one which the Labour leadership currently advocates, would threaten jobs, industries and rights. If politicians were honest with the voters from the outset, we wouldn’t be in this mess, Time to start being honest with us, before it’s too late
Germany says EU ready to talk if UK rejects Brexit deal
UK parliament holds Brexit debate before crucial vote
some Remainers grew up in declining towns (try visiting Wolverhampton's high street) and know how desperate the situation is, but still know that Brexit will make things worse. Stop reinforcing the idea that all Remainers are affluent southern snobs, it's not helpful.
Price of #gold flatlines ahead of key UK #Brexit vote as US shutdown 'puts GDP growth at risk'
If we are any clearer at this time tomorrow, on what is going to happen with Brexit then I will show my arse in Greggs window.
Brexit EARTHQUAKE: Belgian MEP rejects backstop deadline - 'Belfast in EU PERMANENTLY!'
*desperately trying to trace my Irish surname back to find long lost ancestors*
James O'Brien's Unmissable Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote - LBC
Opinion: Britain's hour of destiny This Tuesday, MPs in the House of Commons are set to vote on the Brexit deal Prime Minister Theresa May has hammered out with the European Union. They should reject it, writes DW's Birgit Maass
Hahaha!!!! #jamesobrien just got his nappy owned by #JacobReesMogg what O’Brien didn’t you get chance to google any answers. #lbc
We are truly led by donkeys. Don't assume London's abilities are matched by your own incompetence Mr Mayor.
The link to Trump is just for the effect. JC is more than just slogans, and everybody knows that compromises need to be taken. JC is not silly and cannot be reduced to „his slogans clash with reality“. This is a simple smear with a false twist in the logic (Labour EQUALS Brexit).
Who said holding a referendum was great idea? Giving people binary choices on complicated decisions. I'm talking about you
Others buy less from us because our productivity is low &amp; our prices high. We haven't got much of a manufacturing base &amp; earn money mainly from banking, insurance etc. Like others in EU, we've been pushed to prosperity by Germany's manufacturing powerhouse. No more after brexit.
The UK's billions of £££ is all they're interested in. They are nothing more than parasites! LEAVE ON A NO DEAL BREXIT!! We owe German, France and Brussels NOTHING!
I wonder.....
Everyone, irrespective of who they normally vote for, should vote for UKIP if they believe in Brexit. Everything this man is saying is true and by the way I'm not racist.
Crucial day for Brexit: This is what's happening
And he's showing allegiance to the ziocons. In UK, except for Corbyn and McDonnell's threats to the City of London Corporation, nobody else gives much of an eff. With or without Brexit, the banking cartels have the City of London Corporation to avoid everybody else's laws. 2/2
How does brexit weaken democracy?
Has the #MeaninglessVote on #Brexit ended yet? Can we #DissolveTheUnion now ?
Blackford again claiming to speak for Scotland re independence YET Scotland voted against breaking up of the union! When will he accept that democracy along with #Brexit
Okay can people vote against the brexit please
But also egged on by London media which refused to tell truth or even leave bubble to report on what what happening outside London in UK and EU. Lexiters as irresponsible as rightwing EUphobes
The latest Dialog New Media Daily! Thanks to #brexit #russianasset
China grow plants on the moon. Good to see how the other half is living #hamberders #brexit
Gove sneaking lots of nanny state nonsense into law, like banning some stoves, all of a sudden, all under the cover of all attention being on Brexit?
Your deal won't deliever Brexit. It's as simple as that!
#Remain aka #SoftBrexit forces have brought about the current crisis by not respecting the #EUred decision to #Leave. Given her failure to negotiate a sensible #Brexit Agreement, it’s time for her to resign &amp; for to be PM and get on with the #CleanBrexit. #ukpoli
What ever generation you are or I am people make mistakes, division is sewn when people read a certain narrative and only see that. Eg all Muslims are terrorists or all Brexit voters are Nazi or far right.
Parliament. Just admit you're stuck and hand the issue back to those who can resolve the issue. Let US Take Back Control. #Brexit #BrexitVote #BrexitShambles
FX Markets Await Key Brexit Vote; DXY Index Rallies, GBP Stalls
I just drove past the noisy and happy group of remain protesters outside Parliament. Had to wind down the window and give them a large “Bollocks to Brexit which got a rousing cheer back. Keep it up.
Hi Luke, I've checked back on the Brexit vote, our constituency voted 61.1% in favour of remaining and Scotland overall voted 62% in favour of remaining. As our constituency MP I would ask you to reject Mrs May's deal this evening.
in response to the current caller, there was an election since the referendum, when many MPs were elected to oppose Brexit.
Inter-house debating results. Today's debate was on the motion 'This House would have a second Brexit referendum before leaving the EU. Top debater: Deiniol. Winning House: Cadog. Next week's debate will be between , , and
So you're saying if you ordered filet steak in a restaurant and were served up scrag-end scraps, you'd be happy? Because that's exactly what's happened with #Brexit. The current Brexit plan bears absolutely no resemblance to what people voted for.
Give it Corbyn til the end of the season
I do. This religion. A woman was killed in britian for a far right nut job for brexit. Which religion was he following? How is that any different to this incident?
Taoiseach accused of treating public 'shoddily' by not fully disclosing Government's Brexit plans
Brexit chaos? Surely not! Nice flag.
What a mess...
WHAT'S THE BEST BREXIT OPTION FOR BRITAIN? I voted SECOND REFERENDUM on CNN International. What's your vote?
Dear Tom Brake As my MP I demand you let me have the Brexit I voted for. Regards A Constituent #Done
And you are rude and wrong.
Those applying for #Irish #Passports should have their #UK #Passports revoked, and be made to apply to for residency in th e#UK so that they can be vetted to assess if they are threat to the #UK. #Brexit #EU27
Have you seen this ladies xx
At Westminster for ’s special #Brexit programme on #KentTonight this evening as MPs prepare to vote on the Prime Minister’s deal. Catch it live at 17.30 on #KMTV Freeview 7 and Virgin 159.
2. You havent answered the question as to how keeping a Tory govt in power will result in anything other than the worst possible Brexit.
I was going to suggest that, when he is older, Hugh Grant could play JRM in a Brexit movie. But I've just noticed that is actually the elder of the two by 9 years. Mogg can't even blame a hard paper round.
The brexit elite must be fearing the worse and have already started their brainwashing with weatherspoons brexit crap getting posted through the letterboxes. #brexitshambles
FX Markets Await Key Brexit Vote; DXY Index Rallies, GBP Stalls | #Forex
Brexit a huge mistake.
China Hopes Boost Stocks, Pound Near 2-Month Top Before Brexit Vote | Business | China Daily
Trying to work on my PhD thesis but really distracted by the whole #Brexit mess today. So much of my future hinges on what is happening in Westminster, and it's not a nice feeling to be absolutely powerless during the entire process #phdchat
Confused about Brexit? -
James O'Brien's Unmissable Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote
Brexit is not the only big story today
Government 'sneaks out' £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote - The Independent
Future Of Theresa May's Brexit Deal, And Brexit Itself, Hinges On Pivotal Vote #news
I agree with the man mentioned the media and the Tory BBC people know who the BBC support
If he thinks Brexit is so great, why has his company created offshore versions of their investment funds in Ireland? Proper wrong ‘un.
“The exchange of letters between London and Brussels is not a renegotiation, but it is more than cosmetic.”
Clearly political master plan by to release the letter one day before the #Brexit vote with ‘new’ concessions to the #British. #EU tries to lure #Britain into the agreement. Today we will see if this convinced #Tory backbenchers.
Government ‘sneaks out’ £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote
Factbox: Britain's big Brexit vote - What happens in parliament? [RTR
Can we just cancel brexit but still have the blue passport? Blue goes with my suitcase.
Future Of Theresa May's Brexit Deal, And Brexit Itself, Hinges On Pivotal Vote
. we’ve had the referendum? Abide by the democratic vote you total toss pot!
J R M was just too clever for JOB... Schooled! #JRMForPM #BrexitVote #Brexit
FX Markets Await Key Brexit Vote; DXY Index Rallies, GBP Stalls | #GBP #pound #uk #england #poundsterling #forex #fx #trading #trade #livetradenews #trader
"Brits failing to understand Ireland and being condescending towards Ireland" we see this all the time, they're always at it. #brexit
In which Charles Moore somehow blames Remain supporters for Anna Soubry being called a Nazi.
BURLEY, BREXIT, BURLEY, BREXIT HOW CREDIBLY BORING AND EXCESSIVEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Future Of Theresa May's Brexit Deal, And Brexit Itself, Hinges On Pivotal Vote
this is like the most obvious thing in the world but i just have to say it, Brexit is a fcking mess and the uk will lose no matter what the outcome is
James O'Brien's Unmissable Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote - LBC // Yes, unmissable, because it showed once again just what a blowhard James O'Brien is, #JRM as ever remained imperturbable in the face of his idiotic interviewing ;)
FX Markets Await Key Brexit Vote; DXY Index Rallies, GBP Stalls
Now, if I were boss the answer would be... Too late mate. You've had 2 years. We'll leave. Then we can talk. It's the EU that's on a cliff edge.
So, *he* is brexit secretary these days! I wondered who it was now. Lost track, you know.
So wait, it's ok to run a second vote then? I thought it was a betrayal of democracy...
Chief executive Theresa Grant says the council is preparing a bespoke report on Brexit and that it will be available shortly. (May need a crystal ball for that one).
Why doesn’t the PM just accept that no one wants the shambolic #WithdrawalAgreement It is not delivering on the result of the 2016 referendum. This is a #Brexit in name only. #DitchTheDeal
Brexit: Huge poll shows 60% favour second referendum
Because leavers rank Brexit as more important than anything. Remainers don’t. You might because you’re affluent and austerity hasn’t affected you so you don’t care who’s in power. But Labour voters know better
When No deal Brexit causes millions of job losses the real civil war will begin. These toffee nosed fucks like JRM will leg it from the UK faster than you can say ‘traitorous bastards’. It will outweigh any variation of gammon protest we’re likely to face if we Remain
This is a confusing time for immigration matters in the UK, but our specialist Immigration Solicitors are here to give clarity to any questions you may have! Call or email us to get in contact! #Immigration #Brexit #BrexitVote #EU #ManakSolicitors
Aside from Brexit today, this could also be a very significant move in US politics today -
I agree all these things are of huge concern, but Brexit will make them far far worse. So whilst Mr Corbyn is essentially backing Brexit, he won't stand a chance of winning an election, meaning Tories back in. I'm FBPE and nowhere near middle class or elite.
People surprised at Borehamwood coming out as aggressively pro-Brexit like you haven't all seen Tim Sherwood
... Meanwhile, MPs grapple with the invisible #Brexit beast, motivated by the cries of constituents who claim they've seen it, or heard it, and who *must* have it, own it, tame it, ride it ...
Nick Clegg has a lot to answer for. #BrexitDeal #Brexit
True dat. I wouldn't know whom to vote for these days. Not that I am allowed to vote, mind.
Be prepared: Explaining the unexplainable... #meaningfulvote #brexitvote #brexit #brexitdeal #referendum #norwayplus
Referendum two.. For Brexit
IT WOULD BE A LANDSLIDE #LammyForPM
Forget about Brexit for just 30 inane seconds
News flash!! Remoaner has no shame and makes up lies about Brexit upsetting his daughter
Very happy that my MP will be representing my wishes in parliament this evening!! #LondonIsOpen
Guys between hamberders and this inane and deluded Brexit debate I feel like I’m having a bad trip, this can’t be reality
Just all of you pro brexit MP's do your duty and vote this treacherous deal down! You can then move on to the next stages of defending against Labour's No confidence vote and leaving the EU in March!
The crunch Brexit vote: How the historic day is unfolding
DT Angus B MacNeil MP: RT Angus B MacNeil MP: From today, the day of the Brexit meaningful vote, - which referendum do you think SNP politicians should be speaking…
perhaps just listen to recent work on when Carry On came to Wales instead and pretend none of this Brexit nonsense is happening....
I will be on and before and after the #MeaningfulVote .... A momentous day setting a course for the country’s future #brexit
If they succeed we will be under dictatorship, being refused votes, our country run to the groound so the rich can trade off our assets to make themselves richer. Brexit is NOT for working families &amp; vulnerable. Labour should never support it
As I edit a chapter on the malware's 'zones of indistinction' whilst watching Parliament debate Brexit really shows how indistinction is a condition of the contemporary moment.
Quiz: how well have you been following Brexit?
They've got no hope with the six outstanding #brexit bills with him in the House.
No one asked you, so shut the fuck up!
This is good news, we'll get a no deal #Brexit if the #BrexitVote is a no.
Brexit EARTHQUAKE: Belgian MEP rejects backstop deadline – 'Belfast in EU PERMANENTLY!'
Those applying for #Irish #Passports should have their #UK #Passports revoked, and be made to apply to for residency in the #UK so that they can be vetted to assess if they are threat to the #UK. #Brexit #EU27
That’s 616 votes, Dave. One Labour MP is au desperate to vote for Brexit she had postponed her Caesarian to be there. The Soeaker and four tellers can’t vote. Then there are nine IRA/Sinn Fein MPs who refuse to vote. Maybe a few are suspended or ill. Interesting.
Dail Eireann returns on a historic UK day. Sad to see both Tories &amp; Labour depict the Irish backstop as central to their #brexit woes. They ignore what they committed to in the Good Friday agreement. The backstop is neither an EU bargaining chip, nor a threat to their own Union.
How will #Brexit affect your supply chain? One of the biggest risks of a Hard Brexit is #disruption to your supply chain. We can help you. information .co.uk |
It is an indictment of the shambolic character of this government that, on the day of the vote they themselves pushed back and rescheduled, they are *still* scrambling to find any course of action that will mitigate the damage that will inevitably befall them this evening #brexit
While Parliament dithers over Brexit, HBC (Harrogate Borough Council) kicks off another local plan. Today I photographed "Cooperville", their new magnificent council building. My mother's 700 houses on her land were accepted into this... best of luck!
Most of the MPs in pro Brexit constituencies will get voted out if it doesn’t happen.
"FX Markets Await Key Brexit Vote; DXY Index Rallies, GBP Stalls" #trading #forex
Seriously ? I'm an outspoken Leave supporter, yet upon opening Twitter, there's an advert for the "People's Vote" right in my face? That particular campaign is a deceptive farce whose goal isn't "the best Brexit possible", but simply to Remain.
Listening carefully to every word being said today. I hope members will exercise their duty of care to all Briton’s will join in calling for an extension of #Article50 &amp; #PeoplesVote #Brexit #BrexitVote
Brexit regardless of the mode, Norway Canada etc is going to crash our economy. This is economic suicide and a ludicrous decision. The tide of public opinion is turning against the result and we need to stop it now. The gvmt have had 2 1/2 years to get the best and have failed
New story on NPR: Future Of Theresa May's Brexit Deal, And Brexit Itself, Hinges On Pivotal Vote
Tim Farron on the Brexit debate: It's time to call a halt to physical and verbal intimidation
One of the most important events of our political times and the room is half empty. Where are all the MPs? They should be in their seats hanging on every word being said. #BrexitVote #Brexit #BrexitDeal #BrexitShambles #Parliament #HouseOfCommons
The responses to this are very telling. People who support remain thinks JOB did better and JRM talked nonsense. People who support brexit think JOB was disrespectful and JRM answered everything put to him. Basically there is no such thing as truth and we're all fucked.
"Deep state?" Hmm, do you think Boris maybe got this terminology from Brannon?
BREXIT IS COMING! AND WHEN IT COMES! ALL THE BEER WILL BE PUT IN LORRIES AND GET STUCK IN A TRAFFIC JAM ON A MOTORWAY WHERE YOU CAN'T DRINK IT. DRINK BEER WHILST YOU CAN. THIS WEEKEND. FIVER IN. GOOD TIMES.
False. The #Queen has not decided to escape to Canada because of #Brexit. She might be considering a stay in Canada for an indefinite period of time. It has a good deal with the EU, and their politicians are not bad. PM Trudeau has already ordered gin and Port wine. #Brexitvote
Who is the prick with the bell outside Westminster? #Brexit
The UK, doing a Brexit
jaguar land rover is axein jobs due to low sales. Brexit got nothing to do with it fatty.
Theresa May faces huge defeat and vote of no confidence in government on D-day for Brexit - follow live
Never mind Brexit, who new razors and vegan sausage rolls would be the downfall of this country
It is! Unfortunately this is completely the wrong source &amp; it’s only going to cause the sort of knee jerk PC gone mad comments you have already seen. All the young men &amp; boys round here (UKIP/Brexit area) are going to hear is adults laughing &amp; saying what a load of rubbish.
A bitter “no deal” surprise? “Hard #Brexit would double costs on #sugar imports,” exec warns
Hope parliament reject the no deal brexit &amp; Theresa May resigns I’ve had enough of the U.K. government 2 &amp; a half years &amp; still no progress.
Like they'd stop blaming all the problems on the EU and immigration after Brexit?
Ok, #Brexit fans. Will May win or lose and what will be the margin of victory/defeat? Gimme your answers and I'll sort out a little political prize for the person who gets closest answer.
how about ‘there last evidence of wrongdoing and outside interference in the referendum, and nobody can agree on what Brexit actually is, so we’re going to pause article 50 and take further advice about where we go from here’ Seems a sensible option.
should take the helm and deliver a fearless no deal brexit and guide the UK like a Briton should, not cowering in fear at the feet of his master.
Most scots are sick of people like you who don't know what scots pay to be in this unfair union and your claims that all nationalism is bad. English nationalism has brought you Brexit, Scottish nationalism will bring self gov for scots. Enjoy your Brexit though!
This tally is still running at a meagre four (including Frank Field). MPs who have been courted by May say it won't go much higher. Labour source suggests three more potential candidates: &gt;Ian Austin &gt;Caroline Flint &gt;Sarah Champion
Ian Blackford spends a few minutes attacking Labour and making impassioned calls for Scottish independence. Not much to do with Brexit but he seemed to enjoy himself.
What’s next for Brexit &amp; Britain if UK parliament votes ‘no’ on Theresa May’s deal? — RT UK News
Wells Fargo, JP Morgan and Brexit Vote Challenge US Stock Markets Today
As it goes, i am an advocate of brexit....and was trying to be helpful.
Umm. The comments by the German foreign Minister that are meant to indicate Brexit “concessions” - literally say not to expect any concessions. #BrexitforDayz
While I understand the #DUP are entitled to be completely wrong in their opinion of how dumb #Brexit is, they shouldn't be allowed away with this kind of easily disproved lie. #HardBorder
Parliament holds final Brexit debate hours before deal vote (LIVE) via
Not impossible. Why is it impossible? And who is "they"? Nothing is impossible. Leave with no deal and and Brexit achieved instantly.
#WATCH: "Brexit 2, May &amp; Trump vs Truth" - ...
Did they ever feel the need to take to the streets over inequality, mental health cuts, NHS under-funding, poverty and homelessness? Or just for a Brexit promise that everyone else has realised was a lie? Genuinely, what are they expecting to gain from Brexit?
May Faces Worst Government Defeat in 95 Years in Key Brexit Vote
and please take note. The volume of obviously fake and malicious actors on the CBC comments pages is problematic, in light of what we are learning about foreign "meddling" in the 2016 US election, Brexit, and more.
Hmmm, Is this Gazebo record territory? I know it got pretty full for the Conservative No Conf vote.
I found Joanna Cherry’s proposal fascinating and potentially do-able as it supplies a handy life belt to both Corbyn and May as well as escaping hard Brexit for England.
GBP/USD Forecast: Brexit Deal Defeat Is Priced In, The Margin Sets The Direction
So so true David Lammy
Remainia outside Parliament! #PeoplesVote
But the point being. Any company can make any product to any standard from around the world. They have to or nobody will buy them. We might not have a say in the eu standards after Brexit but, it will not affect us. At all
It's like a recap of the last two seasons on the hit TV show 'British Politics'
You can read the full text of my speech in the Brexit debate on Friday on my website, setting out the reasons why I will be voting against the withdrawal agreement.
Petition: Brexit re article 50 it must not be suspended/stopped under any circumstances
. will vote for Theresa May’s botched Brexit deal later today. Here’s what he said about the backstop, which is a central part of it, just a few months ago.
Despite #Brexit #Negativity GBP Is Still Above $1.28. How To #Profit? #Buy Or #Sell? Sign Up Now For #Algo #Alerts With 80% #Accuracy On Your #WhatsApp:
Not true we are already members....
New story on NPR: Future Of Theresa May's Brexit Deal, And Brexit Itself, Hinges On Pivotal Vote
Crashing out of the EU. The EU wont renegotiate, they've already given as much as they can. Won't be a second referendum. It's either this terrible deal or no deal.
'Don't trade the pound', Wall Street warns clients as markets brace for Brexit volatility (Telegraph, 15/1/19). Long Live Brexit!
When nothing less than the future of this country is at stake, it's heartening to know that our MPs can be relied upon to be utterly childish
Great stuff from SNP: "There is no such thing as a good Brexit" #BrexitVote #BrexitShambles via
So why did they say last year that they would be forced to make thousands redundant due to brexit last year? Also you've ignored that list of 204,000 other job losses attributable to Brexit, are each of those just coincidence too?
Bill Cash bigging it up for xenophobic, Little Englander Brexit
He’s a thief. He’s trying to steal the majority vote of successful Leavers in the 2016 campaign. He claims stopping ‘no deal’ but is using that as cover to frustrate Brexit altogether it seems. Why does he think he has the right to do this using his legal skills like a terrorist?
"For years prayer has been derided as being far less effective than politics. Those proposing this might wish to quietly reconsider their position."
“But they don’t understand.....etc”
The next generation will experience the greatest benefit of Brexit. Contrary to the stereotypes, some young people understand that. Unfortunately, some other young people will only realise how right their peers are once they see Brexit for real
Theresa May facing crunch vote on her Brexit deal – BBC News
Brexit, Steve King, Carol Channing: Your Tuesday Briefing
I have been living in the house for years and I still don't want to buy it! #Brexit means brexit
I don't want to sound insensitive - I live in the UK, I care about the British in general, and British young people in particular - but my sense is that the EU has largely moved on. Their discussions are not framed or defined by Brexit.
Hilarious .... completely owned by ... great listen
New story on NPR: Future Of Theresa May's Brexit Deal, And Brexit Itself, Hinges On Pivotal Vote #News #NPR
92% of 520 respondents voted that #TheresaMay should be sacked for selling-out #Britian. Retweet and Vote! #BrexitVote #BrexitMeansBrexit #BrexitBetrayal #10Downingstreet #Brexitshambles #Leavemnsleave #Parliament
"A managed ‘no deal’ is a fantasy, we would face immediate delivery shortages, disruption, additional costs &amp; uncertainty. Gov. &amp; parliament have a responsibility to take ‘no deal’ off the table or risk destroying this vital UK industry"
Stopped listening to his programme after he blocked me on twitter. He invites comments to his show and then blocks those he doesn’t like. He has become unhinged over Brexit.
I thought Canadian stocks would rise due to usa's government shut down and Englands Brexit shit. Smh Canada dunno how to capitalize
Parliament to vote on May's Brexit deal
#Brexit deal vote just hours away: Agri-food and e-commerce fears of cross-border chaos in “no-deal” scenario
Labour went into the last election supporting Brexit they don't know if they are coming or going - get out stay out no deal is best deal
British PM faces defeat in historic Brexit deal vote
You should go mentor at 's Brexit Hack on Jan 25th and 26th! That's the event I have been telling you and about!
(VICE):May Will Lose the #Brexit #Vote Tonight; Here's What Happens Next : A menu of the various flavours of constitutional crisis to chose from. ..
You lot have been in charge of #brexit from day one and look at the mess the country is in, so my advice to any Tory is to 'just shut up and go away'
Right like they ever get anything right. [RTRS] - FITCH SAYS SHOULD A NO-DEAL BREXIT MATERIALISE, THIS WOULD LIKELY HIT UK HOME PRICES AND LEAD TO MUCH SLOWER GROWTH IN IRELAND
how about ‘there evidence of wrongdoing and outside interference in the referendum, and nobody can agree on what Brexit actually is, so we’re going to pause article 50 and take further advice about where we go from here’ Seems a sensible option.
#Brexit is coming... or not... If I were Theresa May I’d kill myself, if there is no deal! All the buzz for nothing! The British population doesn’t know the deepest economics problem of this shit!! Come on!
Theresa May's Brexit deal faces vote in Parliament
The softest possible Brexit is the least bad way forward. Nothing else will work. Labour can deliver that. Watch this space...
27% of the people and 37% of the electorate voted Leave. And that was 2.5 years ago. There is no mandate for Brexit. Not then and certainly not now.
James O'Brien's Unmissable Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote - LBC
wankers support brexit
UK police advise shops to hire extra security for no-deal Brexit
This is a confusing time for immigration matters in the UK, but our specialist Immigration Solicitors are here to give clarity to any questions you may have! Call or email us to get in contact! #Immigration #Brexit #BrexitVote #EU #ManakSolicitors
Historic Day! Hopefully way forward finally becomes clear. #BrexitVote #Brexit #Westminster #BrexitDeal #Parliament
Watching debate on #brexit is painful. Divisions seem beyond reconciliation. The delusion of some about the EU is staggering. speaks of a Germany in control, a stagnant Euro. yet a small nation like Ireland finds its position completely defended by EU27
Petition: Brexit re article 50 it must not be suspended/stopped under any circumstances
I believe I should be high up on anyone's Brexit list.
James you must have a crystal ball then ! as far as i am aware nobody actually knows how it will go post Brexit, however 92% of World trade seems to manage ok. EU trade was 16% of global trade 20 years ago but sadly the EU beurocrats have overseen the decline of European industry
Government ‘sneaks out’ £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote
Exactly!
The latest The Equestrian Events Daily! Thanks to #brexit #gloucester
Former German Foreign Affairs Minister Sigmar Gabriel: "Even if the vote in the House of Commons doesn’t produce a majority, that doesn’t mean that we can’t keep on negotiating up to the end of March"
Utter bollocks. There will be nothing to push on with. Bercow will not even allow another vote. True Zombie govt until NC finally gets her. I think she'll call election. It will be over soon.
V.important, sign-up, sign and retweet #ScotRef #Indyref2 #EU
Brexit is simply a mess because it started as a bloody bigoted racist ignorant mess. A second referendum will prove how badly representation has been muffled to promote xenophobia.
Time until BREXIT is 73 days, 07 hours, 59 minutes and 59 seconds #BREXIT #BREXITCLOCK #CLOCK #EU #EUREF #LEAVE #ScotRef #Indyref #Indyref2 #FBPE From our friends - Looking for a new Heat Press? - Stahls Clam Basic #HeatPress #HTV
Just to be clear - I will be voting against the Brexit deal offered by the Prime Minister today. I believe that the EU will offer her something better after they understand how strongly we feel.
Government 'sneaks out' £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote. #Tories destroying lives of #Pensioners #Animals #Disabled #Poor #Sick
Doing a #brexit queue test in #Bournemouth
There are 1748 hours until we leave the World's largest trading bloc. It might sound crazy, but own Government has recommended that #UK Companies establish a presence there. Germany, anyone? #GmbH #Brexit #SingleMarket
i'm not averse to the idea of a GE, it's just... meh... i really like my MP, she grew up in the same town as me, she seems to genuinely care about what's best for leigh, and she's very much in favour of PR, but my vote will be seen as an endorsement of brexit.
No deal... Corbyn government... Scottish independence... 2nd Brexit referendum... Revoke Article 50... ...all possible results if the deal doesn't pass! Don't risk it! #BackTheBrexitDeal
With the "meaningful vote" finally taking place today, considers Post-Brexit job prospects.
There are 1748 hours until #Brexit - For a realtime countdown clock, visit
Boris Johnson blasted over claims ‘deep state' is betraying Brexit
The half-truths of Brexit and Trump #Brexit #BrexitVote #MeaningfulVote
'Brexit compromise is the only way but it must be a good deal for all'
How do you expect your business to perform over the next 6 months? Add your voice today - findings shared with government, the media and others to highlight the challenges and opportunities faced by UK SME manufacturers: #Brexit #manufacturing #ukmfg
#Brexit, the last judgement, titles Italy's . There is no majority in parliament and no plan B.
How do you expect your business to perform over the next 6 months? Add your voice today - findings shared with government, the media and others to highlight the challenges and opportunities faced by UK SME manufacturers: #Brexit #manufacturing #ukmfg
We arm marketers with all the important numbers they need in order to tackle the week ahead.
Everything you need to know about the UK #RealEstate Market Outlook for 2019 in our latest blog #Brexit, Beds and #Blockchain
Brexit EARTHQUAKE: Belgian MEP rejects backstop deadline - 'Belfast in EU PERMANENTLY!'
Brexit is 1760 hours away. #brexit
Switch and fix energy provider to avoid potential post-Brexit price hikes #smallbusiness #news
Considering the majority of the Opposition benches have no intention of doing as they were instructed (and, as many, promised) in delivering #Brexit, I hope they're left out of this process. Can't be trusted to respect the referendum.
Brexit: Voting down Theresa May’s deal is in national interest – Ian Murray MP #BrexitVote #Labour #PeoplesVote #FBPE #StopBrexit
What's worrying British universities at the start of 2019? Useful summary from Brendan O'Malley in this week's and it more than just a 'no-deal' Brexit crash out...
How will a Brexit agreement vote affect oil? #forex
They have ignored us for too long. Reject Parliament's plans for a wordy brexit and demand an artistic brexit!
What People Are Talking About Now ? Carol Channing Gillette commercial Gymboree Brexit Sake Dean Mahomed Katherine Schwarzenegger #trends =
Avast PLC | 299 | £3563.19 #largecap #smallcap #microcap #Trump #Brexit
To #Brexit fans who think the EU forces laws on us too soon, I saw this demonstrated to transport ministers at the informal transport council in Bregenz in Austria in 2004...
The event will be held on March 29 and bosses at the Doncaster pub say it is 'something worth celebrating'
Life aafter Brexit? here s glimpse from 1970s classic sf sereies the Cganges ...
"The government has lost control of events and is in complete disarray."
Buried under brexit bullshit. Hidden figures they don't want you to see.
Och, its just Richard Leonard #OchItsJustRichardLeonard
Thoughts are with today, who has bravely delayed the birth of her son to vote against the Brexit deal. We wish her and her baby the very best for the future.
What do you make of Boris Johnson's claim that the "deep state" is trying to block Brexit? Is this 'Trumpian' language?
Labour for a Socialist Europe (are you on Twitter yet BTW?) are joining up with AE today outside Parliament. Details on FB under older name Stop Brexit - Labour for a Socialist Europe.
... why isn't Labour leader?
The "meaningful vote": What is going to happen?
and this from - the Tory botched #Brexit not going down at all well with North West MPs &amp; unions!
#NavyCapital #barronsonline: British Prime Minister Theresa May Is Facing a Big Brexit Defeat
Food shortages and troops on the streets: A no-deal Brexit nightmare?
. called on MPs today to back the Brexit deal: "What are you playing at? What are you doing? You are not children in the playground, you are legislators" Because the PM's deal is "the necessary means to secure our orderly departure and unlock our future"
#Brexit"There are people who are Labour or Conservative who simply vote whatever their party tells them...There are just hardcore people who never listen to facts and no matter what you show them, they will never change their minds." Good luck für Brexit!
. please consider backing the People's Vote!
Love this message to the nation from . Keeping everything in perspective. #brexit
FX Markets Await Key Brexit Vote; DXY Index Rallies, GBP Stalls via DailyFX #forex #fx
As the United Kingdom prepares for Parliament’s momentous vote on Prime Minister Theresa May’s proposed Brexit deal, here are ten Foreign Policy pieces to help make sense of the Brexit chaos.
China hopes boost stocks, pound near two-month top before Brexit vote
wouldnt surprise me. Im actually thinking May has been making a deliberate balls of everything so that it ends up being Labours fault if Brexit happens/fails...
#Brexit Politicians!! It's all just a f***ing game to them!!
Typical establishment stitch up.
Would they? They’re happy to push ahead with Brexit. They said GE or people’s vote not both. Labour have been pro-Brexit from the start
Well said Bill Cash he spoke for the British people and BREXIT top man !
How to claim compensation for delayed or cancelled flights
Day' for Brexit: Possible scenarios of what happens nextBritish Prime Minister Theresa May's Brexit divorce deal ...
LabourList - Brexit amendment tabled by Labour waverers not selected by Bercow
#BBCBias is scared to report objectively on #Brexit because it fears the Tories might go after it when #Brexit is over. Problem is by then #BBC will have a greatly reduced audience comprising the over 65s and when the govt comes for them, no-one will care
This is exactly what I have been hearing from Airbus for over a year.
And this is the other side.... #Brexit #Parliament
Live Briefing: Brexit Vote: Parliament to Decide on E.U. Withdrawal Plan
GBP/USD Technical Analysis: Cable en route to 1.2800 figure as Brexit chaos unfolds via FXStreet #forex #fx
This tweet implies that the NHS is mainly made up of EU workers &amp; as a result of Brexit, would cause staffing issues, when in fact only 5.6% of NHS staff are EU Nationals., 7.1% are from outside the EU, 87% are UK, I think you depend more on people from outside of the EU.
She needs to be replaced and Brexit should be halted in its tracks. We still need out of this disastrous union though. YES2
Need a reminder on what exactly MPs will be voting on later? Let Raphael Hogarth take you through the PM's Brexit deal... More: #newsnight | | | #Brexit
... But there's no point to #Brexit. Just an elusive psychogasm.
#Travelodge in #Brexit #recruitment crisis they see vast untapped potential in parents who want to return to work
The pound could go wild tonight as parliament votes on Theresa May's #Brexit deal #deVereNews #BrexitNews #deVere #deVereGroup #NigelGreen #TheresaMay
You must be another unconcerned about Britain going forward. Brexit played no part in our knew what it was and still dont. We voted to leave or stay in the EU. There's been no vote on Brexit we must go back to the people &amp; remain must be an option.
“He's just plain cussed: he's only doing it because I asked him not to!” Is it cussed of me to refuse to take a strong and unequivocal position in relation to Brexit? A leaning towards changing the rules from the inside just ain’t divisive enough, it seems.
Notice how I'm not denying that leave won, I'm just stating there isn't the mandate for a hard Brexit or a no deal Brexit, no matter what your individual opinion on that is.
Today's big vote - no, not Brexit, but the Tenant Fees Bill
Gold edges lower as traders opt for high-yield markets. However, the Brexit vote today will have the final say as to where the price is heading. #Equiti #Market #EquitiME #FX #Forex #Economic #Middle_East #ME #Market_Forecast #Euro #US #Dollar #Federal #Gold #Brexit #Brexit_Vote
9) Back to Brexit for a moment. I am very pro-Remain. I maintain that it would be worth the stability hit to reverse Brexit, given how painful the transition will be, with or without a ‘deal’
Jeremy Clarkson Slams “Coffin-Dodging Idiots” Who Voted Brexit - LBC
As I edit a chapter on malware's 'zones of indistinction' whilst watching Parliament debate #Brexit really shows how indistinction is a condition of the contemporary moment.
Kemi showing everyone how the nasty party is
It is a nonsense for the BBC to repeat nonsense without calling it nonsense.
you know my views! #StopBrexitSaveBritain
An MP who talks common sense what a breath of fresh amongst all the toxic nonsense spewed out in HoC lately!
Boris Johnson delivers crucial reason why exit can't be halted
Brits, help me out.... Is the UK leaving the EU on 29 March 2019 no matter what? #Brexit
My MP is right about this and also totally adorable. Take that JRM, you mothershambles.
Theresa May's Brexit plan is expected to go down in defeat as the U.K.'s March 29 departure from the EU looms.
In fewer than 75 days—if all goes as expected—the UK is set to leave the European Union after nearly two years of negotiations and very few results. Brexit has already had an impact—and #privateequity hasn't been spared. Via
Northern Protestants will very soon be a minority if not already and as we've seen with Brexit 50% + 1 is enough to decide to reunite Ireland perhaps even by the centenary of partition in 2022
Hi All Read this article. It does not please me to say this "THE UK HAS A WEAK PRIME MINISTER, BUT WE DO". The European Union, is laughing behind the UK's Back. Get this information out, to everyone. Alex B
Hard Brexit likely incoming, Americans shutting down their government long term over a toddler's temper tantrum, and tariffs affecting world trade. We're gonna see some serious shit
As Brexit Vote Nears, Theresa May Races to Save Deal
No this explains #Brexit
How #Brexit would makes us all poorer definitive analysis consistent with my own work
Think you’ll find the establishment is as split as the rest of the country. Successive governments not the eu have ignored those who feel they don’t count. Brexit will make it harder to deliver a more prosperous society. What’s wrong with a second vote on the detail ?
Wells Fargo, JP Morgan and Brexit Vote Challenge US Stock Markets Today -
Forgot this
The latest #SocialResearch UK News! Thanks to #brexit #research
#Brexit won b/c voters thought better off outside #EU - even farmers who get 80% of income from EU! - but now know not true? #PeoplesVote
The results of the original #Brexit vote was not based on misinformation. It came about by NO information &amp; was therefore a more accurate reflection of public opinion - ie roughly half half. A People’s Vote is a TORY Construct to deliver their original intentions, only thru fear
#BrexitVote. Brexit is nationalism, hitler was always honest and realistic person. Hitlerism= nazism= nationalism= brexit
British PM faces defeat in historic Brexit deal vote -
TIL that Geoffrey Cox actually speaks nonsense, panjandrum is a made up word #BrexitVote #Brexit
Have you been posting fake NHS posters again big ears?? I suggest you back out of Brexit posts because you have no idea.
#NO_DEAL BREXIT MAY BE UNLAWFUL
The European Medicines Agency and its London landlord, Canary Wharf Group, will face off in a trial later this week, when the agency attempts to get out of a long lease as Brexit forces it to relocate to Amsterdam. (£)
Hi James, soz if already aware but I think a telling point, Jacob sure made one hell of a concerted effort to big up his *supposedly* non-preferred brexit.
The latest The Osama Bin Javaid Daily! Thanks to #adelaideodi #brexit
Lib Dems irrelevant since Tories successfully blamed every coalition mistake on them and took credit for every good Lib Dem contribution. Then cynical Libdem decision to oppose Brexit to get Remainer votes. Lib DEms still irrelevant, but N Lamb's work on health deserves credit.
Sometimes I feel embarrassed of ATFC, but then I remember the Boreham Wood club statements (not just that Brexit one) and feel a lot better about it all.
That's not what the ruling stated , seems to be making own conclusions, just as TM did with the eu letter yesterday
It makes me laugh listening to these MPs stating what kind of Brexit deal they want when this deal is rejected. They are like kids in a sweet shop well I want this &amp; that. They have forgotten that they decided to leave the EU not the EU leaving the UK. They are in a fantasy world
Theresa May is facing defeat in parliament over her #Brexit deal today, with the main question not whether she will win, but rather how large a margin she will lose by.
Which sounds like 'No Deal' really. And, considering how this farce is progressing, is probably what we deserve.
We need to put a stop to Brexit. #stopbrexit #RevokeA50
Brexit
Which is why the process should've been done cross-party. Far too many Labour voters (and MPs) will never get behind a Tory-led Brexit deal, because it's simply not 'their Brexit'.
Don't you dare allow for democracy to be destroyed in our great country. We voted to leave and whatever your personal feelings, your job exists to serve the people of this land and not your own agenda. #nodealbrexit #chuckacon
Everything you need to know as the #Brexit #Deadline gets closer via
All I see is people getting on with their daily routine. No division, depression or anguish but if 29th of March isn't brexit day they'll be anger and a deep running division, mostly aimed at remoaners. Hopefully you won't be happy about being a target.
Japanese PM warns UK: ‘World is watching’ on Brexit
Newspaper headlines: Brexit 'D-Day' provokes strong stances — BBC News
May can cut part of Brexit Gordian knot by adding Customs Union to deal. No-one any longer believes that UK poor export record will be remedied by embarking on years of trade negos with countries that want to dump food or get visa free access 100s or millions. LIam leaves. Yawn
I’m pretty sure they were langoustines away at the top of this thread. Youse both caused Brexit.
Read this interesting article from where they dive into the potential rippling effects on #tourism in Ireland because of #brexit. #PlaceBranding #NationBranding #DigitalCountry
Where's Gazza when we need him?
UK parliament to vote on #Brexit deal today - World Socialist Web Site
Opinion polls would suggest otherwise . Would require Labour making a massive comeback in Scotland which I think is highly unlikely given their stance on Brexit . If they back a 2nd ref , Labour could win .
There's one thing I really cannot wrap my head around with #Brexit. There are many who voted leave because they consider the #EU to be an #undemocratic institution (not to mention those who voted remain who, too, agree that the #EU is undemocractic in some shape)...
So the chap who was found in contempt of parliament is still treating parliament with contempt.
New story on NPR: Future Of Theresa May's Brexit Deal, And Brexit Itself, Hinges On Pivotal Vote
However there are plenty who still refuse to accept that the whole process of Brexit itself is undemocratic. The referendum campaign was fuelled with lies - not just leave, but remain, too. Democracy does not just entail having a 'say'. Democracy requires transparency...
UK Parliament due to vote on Prime Minister May's Brexit deal to leave the EU later today. The voting will begin at 19:00 GMT and we should have a result shortly after. The outcome and its consequences has the potential to induce volatility into the GBP and UK financial markets.
Factbox: Britain's big Brexit vote - What happens in parliament?
#House prices to grow 13% by 2023 despite #Brexit - forecast #ukproperty #propertynews #propertyinvestor
There is info on their website: - All the benefits of the single market, but no freedom of movement. All the benefits of the customs union but also separate trade deals. So, Unicorns basically.
Live: Brexit deal vote latest, analysis and commentary – Coventry Live
We pay our farmers not to farm; the textile factories of East London are now luxury flats, Brexit will entail the destruction of... you kidding, right?
How will U.K. Parliament members vote on the Brexit deal? Here's a look back at how their constituencies voted in the 201
So why did they not negotiate sensibly in the first place? They can get stuffed ! #Brexit #NoDealNoProblem
#dailyexpress #brexit comments How do I vote for junkers replacement? You can’t because you voted #Brexit. And weirdly had the UK sent representatives from other parties to Europe instead of UKIP, there is a possibility Junker wouldn’t have been president since 2014.
UK lawmakers expected to reject May Brexit deal
Despite political uncertainties around Brexit, we’ve upgraded the UK’s ad spend forecast from 4.7% to 6.1% in 2019. Learn more in our new #AdSpend report:
Tired of #Brexit Zen Gardens &amp; Asian Garden Ideas (68 images) – InteriorZine
. explores impact of #brexit on #braintumour research community with . Future collaborations must remain strong, progressive and engaged around the world
I think that your group of MEPs should let the likes of Verhofstaht sweat a bit and let it be known that even if the Remainers manage to nobble Brexit that at the next general election there will be many pro-Brexit MP's/parties that will take UK out unilaterally.
This is an awesome speech &amp; as with so many aspects /speeches /comments re. #Brexit, much applies here to what we need from Parliament re. what's unfolding on our planet. Please politicians, wake up? #SixthExtinction #PlanetaryBoundaries #ClimateEmergency
Brexit vote is ‘beginning of a process, not the end’, says UK ports body
#AM2DM is LIVE! We're discussing Brexit, harassment allegations about Bernie Sanders' 2016 campaign, plus sitting down with screen legend
Today on we're sitting down with Molly Ringwald, plus talking Brexit and... cheeseburgers
It's incredible how thick some MPs are. The Murrison amendment for a time-limited backstop was embarrassing by ignoring the terms of the WA and the importance of the GFA. He might as well have asked for a deadline on how long it should rain next Thursday.
James O'Brien's Unmissable Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote - LBC
"Rosa Luxemburg" and #Brexit vote trending on the same day. "Perhaps" if No.10 loses the vote tonight the old cry of "All power to the Soviets" will be revived. Frankly, tonight's vote can open any number of doors to the future (some obvious and some completely unexpected)
What are your thoughts on the matter? #TodayIsTheDay #BrexitVote
As today's meaningful vote on Brexit takes place in parliament, find out what it actually means to be British in 2019 according to South London author Candice Carty-Williams.
I also regret the fact that so much US media reporting is hopelessly biased and is not presenting an accurate view of why millions of people—of all incomes, ages, demographics—voted for #Brexit. ...that result was in the making for 30 years,and has nothing to do with Pres Trump
Life after Brexit as seen in 1970s children's science fiction series The Changes
#stopbrexit The Dutch will miss their overseas neighbors:
if Brexit leads to more economy puns in erotic fiction then that's all good with me
groupchat was talking about brexit earlier and I couldnt care less. my life was shit today it'll be shit tomorrow no woman like terresa may is going to make it better
Daily Market Insight: Markets remain cautious ahead of the vote on Brexit proposal #energy #marketintelligence #marketanalysis #marketinsight #Brexit
Factbox: Britain's big Brexit vote - What happens in parliament?
Can anyone out there tell me why you would want to bother wasting time starting trade deal negotiations with a government who can't even agree about exiting the EU? What country would want that headache? Life's too short. #BrexitVote #Brexit
Your expecting labour to ignore leave voters that’s dangerous
You'd have to have the intelligence of a Brexit supporter, that's for sure
I'm not sure how a 2% margin based on an illegal campaign being pushed through is a win for democracy at all. lets the British public down time and time again, fuck Brexit and fuck the Tories.
The Latest: Germany plays down Brexit deal r via #UnitedKingdom #EuropeanUnion #TheresaMay #Brexit
In most parts of the EU he’d have also got a good old fashioned shoeing. Shame. We’ll never be able to do that if we Brexit.
GBP/USD Forecast: Brexit Deal Defeat Is Priced In, The Margin Sets The Direction
Factbox: Britain's big Brexit vote - What happens in parliament?: Prime Minister Theresa May must win a vote in parliament to get her Brexit deal approved, or risk seeing Britain's exit from the European… #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachKavanaugh #TheResistance
[wow ] Is Germany getting a little nervous???
Feeling curious
Via : Factbox: Britain's big Brexit vote - What happens in parliament?
Today’s Mirror editorial, coming out in favour of a Norway compromise Brexit solution, is the most important newspaper article of the year so far. It means that this is being talked about favourably in Labour circles.
What do you think of #brexit? RUFF!
#Brexiteer Steve Double speaks up for 300,000 No Deal #Brexit petition
I'm pretty sure the speaker can reject this if they attempt it.
Government 'sneaks out' £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote - “Dear God?” “What next??” The Independent
Factbox: Britain's big Brexit vote - What happens in parliament?
A pleasure to meet , Chair of the Seanad Brexit Committee, at the Oireachtas today. There was plenty to discuss :-)
What a load of tosh especially with brexit ting labour party
Brexit deal vote: John Bercow delivers fresh blow to Theresa May as he blocks key amendment that could have reduced her loss: Follow our live coverage of the final hours of Brexit debate here
#Brexit vote live: MPs begin debate for Theresa May's deal - #Financial Times
Stocks struggle for direction at opening bell as traders await key Brexit vote
Easy answer. "Here's Brexit, do you like it?". Vote yes if you do, no if you don't.
&amp; “bung for dung” hasn’t even hit the headlines yet.... #Brexit
Or She-Ra. But I suppose that’s about standing together and not isolating ourselves. Forget that idea. How about: a series of unfortunate events that led to brexit? “Just look away...”
In Classical Greece, 'agon' described a fierce contest between opposing forces, but one which - through a dialectical process - might ultimately result in resolution. An appropriate #WordOfTheDay for all those distracted but the Brexit drama unfolding in parliament
Why will Brexit fail today? "Brexit is already causing us damage, in output, costs and jobs, but this does not compare with the catastrophic consequences of being cut adrift from our biggest trading partner overnight.”
Translation: EU unified tax is on the way, it’s time for Ireland to pay their Brexit bill
My god that man is the most detestable, the most odious, the most disingenuous, the most mendacious, the oiliest, hypocritical, doublespeaking piece of shit I’ve ever come across!!!! A new level of hate for that is rivaled only by my hatred for .
Wells Fargo, JP Morgan and Brexit Vote Challenge US Stock Markets Today
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
Never let it be said that the Belgians lack a sense of humour
Future Of Theresa May's Brexit Deal, And Brexit Itself, Hinges On Pivotal Vote
Boris is right - we have a deep state in UK its called the establishment what they hate is the peoples opinion
No it doesn't look that way thankfully.
Stop Brexit and all you'll see is a PM elected and then months later, people wanting another vote and spitting their dummy out. Democracy will be ruined and the country will go backwards. Accept leave won.
Theresa May's Brexit deal faces vote in Parliament
Brexit vote: When is it and what happens next? Sent via
Which is another reason why it will fail
Honestly, I think we’re beyond that. Positions are far too entrenched. This is the best ‘deal’ available which delivers Brexit, which has been agreed and is on the table now. No other deal will achieve consensus either. It’s this, in or out with no deal.
TD Securities: #Brexit will be all the rage (again). The UK's Meaningful Vote will take place today, though it is likely to fail. The margin of dissents will be an important indicator for #GBP risks in the coming days and Brexit/No-deal Brexit prospects as well.
And damn noisy it is too, accompanied by drums. Meanwhile banned Steve Bray from playing his not-too-loud music on grounds that amplifers are banned. Bizarre.
No deal Brexit could be the deal-making opportunity of a generation
Corbyn campaigned on a platform of remain and reform in 2016.
How to claim compensation for delayed or cancelled flights
we can no longer be playing this tinpot club in the preseason again, can we?
It's really simple. Forget about tying the UK into EU pillars or rules or protectionist custom union or any decree of ECJ jurisdiction over UK citizens and decide if a free trade agreement without political ties is more valuable than any EU political agenda?
Going to move to and grow vegetables on Mars, because of Brexit! Remoaners are a bright bunch!!!
Today is Brexit decision day
MPs are lining up to say why they won't be voting for Theresa May's Brexit deal | The Canary
Brexit latest: Jacob Rees-Mogg is still a cunt.
#BrexitVote #RevokeArticle50 #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy “What are you playing at? What are you doing? You are not children in the playground, you are legislators.’ We are playing with people’s lives.....” - Geoffrey Cox
In Parliament, Bill Cash calls for the Prime Minister to 'consider her position.' Open mutiny on the Tory benches. #Brexit #HoC #BBCParliament
Your typical Brexit voter #BrexitVote #brexit
It is indeed spectacularly good. But I’m too busy rejoicing to pay attention.
Parliament debates and votes on May's Brexit deal – watch live - Guardian News
The result of my recent poll as announced by John Bercow
What if the city of London and the British Crown actually controlled Europe and brexit was nothing but a big game of chess by the elites on the brainwashed masses,,
The latest The kreativbox Daily! Thanks to #brexit #netzlese
A former London Mayor, former Government minister and strong contender to be the next PM pushes the alt-right Bannonite "deep state" conspiracy theory. I mean… just… process that. This is actually happening. Where are we now as a country? What's happened to us? #BrexitVote
Chief Minister : "We can't afford to fund higher pay rises by increasing the budget defecit, and neither can we raid the rainy day fund, which the Island needs to weather the severe economc shocks - particularly the possible impacts of #Brexit." #StatesAssembly
Early Brexit.
Go #HardBrexit and just bomb out! Screw the #EU and escape. #TheresaMay the Globalist must go!!!
Hahaha Brexit FC. There would be great irony if you folded as a result of Brexit.
Inflation up,interest rate rises,reduced value of the pound,slow down in growth,2 years of uncertainty, increased public borrowing and job losses as a direct result of Brexit.
Or without looking harder at his sources- the "Independent" group formerly known as Economists for Brexit.
PM took over as she's an poor autocratic leader who refused to listen to her Brexit Sec. Remember, It's the #politicians at fault not the #electorate...remain HoC, remain HofL, remain cabinet &amp; civil service..... see the uphill task the ppl have..
"cool"? The immaturity is mind-boggling. They were lied to &amp; manipulated into voting for Brexit with the use of big data and Trump's billionaire friends. The leave campaign also cheated by breaking the law. "Democracy was hijacked":
This afternoon in com #BuitenlandseZaken: draft legislation agreement international agreements, followed by questions about #brexit, oa dreynders #Filipijnen murders, elections in Russia-Ukraine, #Congo tensions
Agreed Roger #LetsGoWTO #NoDealBrexitBrexit #NoDealNoProblem #nodeal #LeaveMeansLeave
You could sneak a peek on YouTube. You might be surprised. Sky actually has had excellent critical coverage of the Brexit fallout. I know it's Murdoch owned, but so is the WSJ.
Brexit won't cause head of state to fall. That's silly. However 2010 Commonwealth survey found only half of those surveyed knew Queen was head of Commonwealth.
I don't know what I'm more sick of, Trump or Brexit.
We in Scotland are desperately inflating our Indy life raft. All this pish should have been sorted prior to the brexit referendum. This lot could not run a bath
#Brexit Go get 'em
Factbox: Britain's big Brexit vote - What happens in parliament? ...
‘I don’t trust the government to look after me or my dog’: meet the Brexit stockpilers. Brexit boxes may be amusing but securing medicine supplies for epileptics, diabetics and coeliacs are a serious matter
The Labour Party have consistently shown themselves to be the enemy of Scotland and her people. Labour's support for Brexit again shows they are no friends to Scotland. Blackford speaks for Scotland , Corbyn and May speak against.
Factbox: Britain's big Brexit vote - What happens in parliament? #Britain #Brexit #WorldNews
Hilary Benn igniting party policy and making leadership bid right now. For centrist takeover of Brexit negotiations. No thanks! #GeneralElectionNow #NoPVYesGE
James O'Brien's Unmissable Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over #Brexit Vote - #LBC
Despite my rather apolitical stance in the tweeter world, I couldn't resist sharing this. This is a brilliant snapshot of what has happened so far. Absolutely shambolic! [Better get back to work!] #Brexit #BrexitVote
The latest The Waverley Daily! Thanks to #leadership #brexit
Perhaps I’m too much of an optimist,but I’m still convinced that the future of millions of young people won’t be held hostage by one referendum built on lies and misinformation. Brexit can’t and won’t happen #MeaningfulVote
Will Ford still build engines in the UK ? Or has #Brexit screwed that ? BBC News - Ford and VW agree alliance to build vans and pickups
You won’t have any in Moseley post-Brexit chap (Socialist Scaremonger News edition 8, page 210)
Long night ahead in Strasbourg as MEPs from Brexit steering group plan to meet #EU Brexit chief after #meani #brexit
BBCNewsnight: Need a reminder on what exactly MPs will be voting on later? Let Raphael Hogarth take you through the PM's Brexit deal... More: #newsnight | Raphael_Hogarth | RhodaBuchanan | #Brexit
Brexit already
Brexit FC
Here's a look at the performance of sterling since the #Brexit debate started at 1pm (UK time) today. Data from 's Eikon. #gbp #usd
It was always going to happen v The #Brexit Cup
Regional Voice
I didn’t attribute you to that to be fair- You have to acknowledge it’s ubiqiutous on here. These people have fought Brexit from the beginning, they have no interest in accepting the result and never did.
Best Brexit headline I’ve seen so far.
Brexit vote; Bank earnings; China stimulus - CNN
sorry Paul,nothing to do w your tweet but i've to ask you:today on this lib europhile IT newspaper there's"literally"a title w:"Brexit,the longest day:Race to buy food and medicine." What do you think???
This is the best summery of the current state of Brexit that I've read today... #BrexitIsaLie #BrexitIsACrimeScene #StopBrexitSaveBritain #PeoplesVote
Boris Johnson delivers crucial reason why exit can't be halted
You lot have had over 2 years already, the whole Brexit process flawed from the very start when you let a remainer lead the negotiations. Trouble is none of the pro Brexit crew could be seen once they’d won!
Stock piling: Brexit reality. #type1diabetes #toriesout
Brexit BETRAYAL: How John Major 'hid facts to tie UK to EU' before 2016 referendum
#BrexitVote #pensions #UniversalCredit Government ‘sneaks out’ £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote
Will draw on my co-authored OA article on Global Britain in Orbis
Labour vows to bring down Theresa May within 24 hours and could overturn Brexit completely
Greg would set his pubes on fire if it got him Brexit
WHAT PART OF THE BREXIT VOTE IS NOT UNDERSTOOD?
Any politician using this line is gambling with the future of the UK people. As gambling goes this is the biggest in history, no gambler has ever risked so much
WTF there a UKIP flag in with the EU flags on Sky News #Brexit #BrexitDeal #BrexitVote
The has consistently demonised those who vote against Brexit by front page naming &amp; shaming. There’s not a chance in hell there will be enough room on tomorrow’s front page to name the hundreds of MPs who reject the destructive #BrexitDeal tonight. #BrexitVote
HISTORY BOOKS Brexit is the issue which finally killed off the archaic Tory Party in UK.
Hopefully this is the end of #brexit now. Stupid mistakes by daft racists. What a mess.
Negotiated in November, the Brexit deal is expected to be rejected by lawmakers, including by members of the prime minister's own Conservative Party.
Stocks struggle for direction at opening bell as traders await key Brexit vote #news
I suspect Ken Clarke knew full well that revoking Art 50 meant cancelling Brexit. He is after all on record saying he’s looking forward to the day the British Parliament is reduced to a council chamber in Brussels.
#brexit in #uk stay tuned to for all the details. Meanwhile, a behind the scenes picture of bossing us around ... and we love it!
Theresa May 'did not even ask Brussels to scrap the backstop', Arlene Foster claims #lbc #fbpe #libdems #conservatives #labour #plaidcymru #snp #ukip #abtv #waton #stupidbrexiteers #itvnews #bbcnews #c4news #5news #skynews #peoplesvote #bbcparliament #gmb
Brown dogs will sadly be a thing of the past, post Brexit.
Bollockism - a new offshoot of sacked Brexit ministers
Time to pop out and get some snacks and drinks for tonight’s historical political debates and votes. Please, I beg any of you, if you have this today free, acknowledge the political changes going on today. Watch BBC News or Parliament and follow closely. #Brexit #Vote #Deal
British MPs set to vote on May’s Brexit deal
Tory MP Bill Cash just told Theresa May to consider her resigning "with dignity and without rancour" when her Brexit deal is voted down tonight.
Factbox: Britain's big Brexit vote - What happens in parliament?
Pro EU parties were hammered at the GE only those with a mandate to Leave did well, Labour don't have a #Brexit plan
Your question mirroring the brexit mp with a remain mp and vice versa was obviously too hard for that thick individual who did want to answer #clown
DT Wera Hobhouse MP: Here's my full speech on #Brexit from late last night. In the 21st century the battle to save our planet is insepar…
#Brexit chaos: The winners didn't think they'd win... The losers didn't think they'd lose... Both sides didn't plan and ran terrible campaigns. The coming generations would suffer!
Theresa May vows to fight on for Brexit deal
Hi guys, haven’t followed the news for the last year or so. Can anyone just tell me in a sentence or two how Brexit is going?
Our first Brexit, excellent
The merits of #brexit #guardian #bloomberg #nytimes #financialtimes #marketwatch #cnn #cnbc #bloomberg #reuters #businessinsider #uk #EuropeanUnion #eu #theresamay #newyorktimes #history #economics #economist #stockmarket
She didn't win a majority of MPs 217/650 or a popular vote with 42% in the election. She NEVER attempted to build a national consensus and she has never had a mandate from parliament or the voters of the 2016 Election for her Brexit. I'm surprised it lasted this long.
My thoughts for today is.. #brexit #stilltime #stay
Story NPR: Future Of Theresa May's Brexit Deal, And Brexit Itself, Hinges On Pivotal Vote
BBCNEWS 7:00am BREXIT DEAL VOTE
Just out of interest - what is the Green Party strategy if a People's Vote is held, and the result still favours Brexit? I ask as a firm remainer.
Therein lies the whiff of a crafty victory by if too many loyal-leaning opponents abstain #Brexit
#HFT #Buy #Signal triggered (x2) on 51.20 and 51.22$ on the #CL (#Crude #Oil from #NYMEX) at 2.36 and 2.51 PM CET ! 51.77$ right now ... 52.00$ reached few minutes ago on the #PRE #BREXIT #spike! #Quant #Spread #Metter |
Pensions minister Guy Opperman announced the changes at 7.20pm on the eve of the crunch meaningful vote on Theresa May's Brexit...
Theresa May should not have pulled the MV before Christmas, prolonging uncertainty for the country. Reality is : Theresa May has managed to get a deal that is not acceptable even for Tory Mps she should accept responsibility and fuck off.
This is an awesome speech &amp; as with so many aspects /speeches /comments re. #Brexit, much applies here to what we need from Parliament re. what's unfolding on our planet. Please politicians, wake up! #SixthExtinction #PlanetaryBoundaries #ClimateEmergency
Government ‘sneaks out’ £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote
Why can’t Boreham Wood have a strong view on Brexit? I don’t necessarily agree with it but they’re perfectly entitled to publicise it.
This is how you deal with the withered knitting needle that is Jacob Rees Mogg - call. him. out.
Why can I only listen to the commons debate via the CBC website? Has the Brexit rot set in already over there?
Fuck that to hell with the EU no more talking we walk away with no deal, they have tried with May's help to bully us into accepting a deal that would keep us in forever I voted leave I did not vote for any deals I voted to walk away END OF
Don't forget Privy Somethings (I will not get over it, that Counsellor of the Loo(not really but it makes such a nice picture), was one of the titles she was selling Brexit votes for).
Sure, I have only lived within #GreatBritain a few months. And sure it was such a long time ago. But as a European and tourist to this wonderfull kingdom, I fully agree with on #Brexit.
Latest News: Theresa May facing crunch vote on her Brexit deal Theresa May is expected to be defeated when MPs vote on the terms of the UK's withdrawal from the EU later. 2019-01-15 14:46:39Z
Colin wanker #brexit means brexit we don’t need the rest of the world
If I had to guess which club was going to publish a bizarre, ranty Brexit piece, Boreham Wood would have been my main guess. This is the club that had a tantrum b/c they had to let visiting club staff without selling them a ticket and banned radio commentary from their ground..
I suspect I know why they were cherry-picked, however:
British MPs to vote on ‘Brexit’ on 29 March. #brexitagreement #BritishMP #UnitedKingdom #Vote
'He' will not allow a no deal. Is his vote worth more than those that voted to LEAVE? Eletists like him think they are a law unto themselves. They are merely a clique of anti democratic MPs that cannot stand not getting their own way.
You can't overturn the Brexit vote when it's not been implemented into British law yet. That's not democracy. If people change their mind, you have a vote AFTER Brexit. That's democracy. Have a good day too.
Answering Questions to UKIP's leader in Wales, reminds the chamber that UKIP's stated aim of a hard Brexit will damage the Welsh economy #FMQs
EMA’s Brexit woes.
Big day today, Brexit vote in the UK and Barr’s confirmation hearing on Capitol Hill.
That says it all about how BREXIT has emboldened the hard right tin this country. #GTTO
All the BBC political heavyweights are here in Westminster - as you would expect on a day like today. Trying to make sense of #Brexit for a younger audience with the help of and news LEGEND
almost like brexit is a giant enduring mistake and every financial agent recognizes it and we should just not do it instead
Write to front-bench #Labour MPs to urge them to support a #PeoplesVote using our handy form. They need to hear how strong support is for a final say for all.
Well, you can import solution for the deep state from #Kashmir, we have many experts claiming so. #brexit
Government ‘sneaks out’ £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote
UK parliament holds Brexit debate before crucial vote
The irony is that we are finding out the "United" part of the United Kingdom has been for a while EU dependent / SNP: There is no such thing as a good Brexit vía
I did say here that "The economic news on Brexit continues to be bad, horrid or disastrous"...agree?
Judging by new polls I think a few could get deselected.
I liked your decision. Good Luck.
Parliament debates and votes on May's Brexit deal – watch live via #Enough is enough...!!!
The 'legal' minimum wage in Portugal is apprx €4. Less than 1/2 of what it is in UK. Plus unemployment is over 30% in the under 34yr age group. That will be the deciding factor, not Brexit.
In ’s newsletter today: The reason the United Kingdom is having such a hard time deciding on the precise terms of Brexit is that there are no good terms
Live Briefing: Brexit Vote: Parliament to Decide on E.U. Withdrawal Plan
FX Markets Await Key Brexit Vote; DXY Index Rallies, GBP Stalls -
British Jews reclaiming German roots in path to Europe after Brexit via
Hilary Benn ignoring party policy and making leadership bid right now. For centrist takeover of Brexit negotiations or PV. No thanks! #GeneralElectionNow #NoPVYesGE
Ditch the dreary six counties or forget Brexit#brexitforslowlearners
Looks like there's plenty of old, white retired folks standing up for Brexit.
what do you mean 'against the people'? 'the people' elected parliament! I thought #Brexit-ers believed in 'parliamentary sovereignty' and that's why you wanted to drag us out of the EU?
Stocks tripped by earnings angst, sterling huddled for Brexit vote
The DOOMSDAY Brexit Preppers! Meet the British families stocking cupboards with food
Look at it, it's mental. This is all for the smokescreen that is Brexit. Where is the media circus for over 120,000 deaths due to austerity, 600 people dying homeless on our streets last year and the millions of children growing up in working families in poverty?
Brexit vote latest: Labour MP Hilary Benn withdraws amendment to kill Theresa May's deal and no-deal EU exit
UK parliament holds Brexit debate before crucial vote
AfD Tones Down Dexit Ideas in EU Elections Manifesto Amid Brexit Uncertainty
I left the UK almost a year ago and I'm still slowly sorting out the admin. Changed a credit card address last week. Finally got my tax back from HMRC this week. When does it end? Personal Brexit is just as time consuming as the real thing.
is now a bizarre joke. Lacking leadership &amp; demonstrating no sense of responsibility towards the citizens of the UK
They did this very thing with goverment days after brexit vote .worrying time for eu trump likely to slap 10% plus tariff on autos if he does not get his way on agriculture.which he probably wont .difficult for eu to interfere with CAP eu sacred cow
Once the deal is likely voted down, discussion will turn to what type of Brexit to persue now, which the Cabinet is sharply divided on. One faction arguing for a softer Brexit (Norway Model), other arguing for mitigated no-deal
Dear PM, what EXACTLY is the Brexit deal that you have agreed? Where is the document listing ALL items / conditions that have been agreed and are yet to be agreed?
Stocks tripped by earnings angst, sterling huddled for Brexit vote
Who goes first? #Sandwell #Brexit
Wow wow wow Sorcha!!! You do not speak for anyone regarding brexit. You have absolutely no mandate to represent anyone regarding brexit. Brexit is neither a devolved issue nor a local council matter. Therefore you don’t represent them. You have lost the run of yourself.
As Brexit nears, EMA improves staff retention forecast, commits to uninterrupted drug evaluations &gt;&gt;&gt; #strategy #competitiveintelligence #marketing #pharma #biotech #CI #healthcare #pharmaceutical
i hope brexit completely bankrupts me so i can get scurvy
To misuse a phrase, will NO-one rid us of this pesky traitor?!
Every brexit soundbite rolled into ignorant near 1500 word piece. Lovely stuff
Presumably not a European beer.
finally getting called out for the absolute lying tosspot he is.
have You seen labours plans for Brexit? They are living in fantasyland just like the tories.
FX Markets Await Key Brexit Vote; DXY Index Rallies, GBP Stalls
POLITICO Brexit Files: The big vote — ‘Glistening cherries’ — Ex or eg?: View in your browser. TAKEAWAYS JUDGMENT DAY. It is 35 days since the meaningful vote was scheduled to happen in December; 657 days… #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachKavanaugh #TheResistance
I know you have an MoJ role and will be required to be loyal but, as a constituent, I would like to see you vote against this withdrawal agreement because it will be harmful
FX Markets Await Key Brexit Vote; DXY Index Rallies, GBP Stalls | #GBP #pound #uk #england #poundsterling #forex #fx #trading #trade #livetradenews #trader
New story on NPR: Future Of Theresa May's Brexit Deal, And Brexit Itself, Hinges On Pivotal Vote
I don't know what to do about this whole brexit debate vote . is it thoughts &amp; prayers , change my avatar, add a banner , or post a video .. what am I supposed to be doing !!!
Slowly but surely, the uncertainty over Brexit has taken a toll on Britain’s economy. Via
While the current #Brexit deal (set to be voted on by Members of Parliament this evening) remains the U.K. government’s top priority, it understands preparation for all scenarios is necessary.
Can you spot the #Oppositon in this interview? We can't.
It implies the West has not been doing enough because of the shutdown and Brexit, and also if not for those two things it would be doing more. But I think the West should have been doing much, much more to help the Russian people since at least the 1990's...
Breaking: bears live* in the woods * your verb may vary
Final Countdown: May braces for crucial Brexit vote amid tough debates &amp; calls for new election
Debate begins on historic Brexit vote in UK Parliament
British MPs to vote on ‘Brexit’ on 29 March. #brexitagreement #BritishMP #UnitedKingdom #Vote
7) no smoking gun or indictment of any of Donald, Ivanka, Donald Jr., Pence, Nunes, Jared, Ryan, etc.
Government 'sneaks out' £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote - The Independent
I agree, it's my belief however that the biggest swinger encouraging people to vote Leave was the immigration 'problem'. Do I really want to live in a country where, whatever happens regarding Brexit, the majority of people are bigoted fools who believe racist, immigration lies?
I would say the best thing would be a general election except I struggle to think of who I would vote for. Corbyn's stance on Brexit makes him as bad as the rest to me. I feel totally disenfranchised.
MPs told they face a choice between order and 'chaos' as May heads for huge defeat on Brexit - Politics live
Last scene: the Brexit bus is teetering over the edge of a cliff, with the deal slowly sliding out of reach. "Hang on a minute" says May, "I've got a great idea..."
But it's only retraced on the website.. People will read it and believe it. Damage done. The cun#s like jrm won't post the fact either as it supports his narrative of lies. Only he and other very rich people benefits from brexit not regular people.
Final Countdown: May braces for crucial Brexit vote amid tough debates &amp; calls for new election
Evening I hope you’re planning on voting on behalf of your remainer majority constituency, and not backing your PM’s faulty deal.
James O'Brien's Unmissable Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote - LBC #FBPE #StopBrexit #BrexitVote
#My1stConcertWas Last year watching at the 02! #Japan #london #TuesdayThoughts #Fun #Brexit
The makeup of parliament suggests we're more likely to be pushed in the direction of Art50- extension and possibly a second ref. Then we might get no Brexit. It baffles me that Brexiteers have become so purist they will only accept no deal...
If you’re a Sculptor in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a fiasco for you. If you live in the East Midlands then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this misery! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Brexit vote live: MPs begin debate for Theresa May’s deal via
Brexit: Six things EU could do if Theresa May’s deal gets voted down
Oh, and their chairman (who is probably responsible for the Brexit statement) is a really lovely chap.
Labour's Hilary Benn withdraws amendment to May’s Brexit deal
YouGove poll, August: 53% to 47% to Remain.
This thread from a businessman in Ireland: "Some of my clients have been interviewing their supply chains to ascertain if anyone felt Brexit would create any issues, overwhelmingly the answer was No, even though a lot of the materials we use come from Europe." #BrexitVote #VoteNo
Unfortunately Corbyn will not do this. He wants to be the next PM and deliver Brexit to Ex. Labour Voter's who obviously voted UKIP. Corbyn is pro Brexit and I don't believe he is fit to be the Labour Leader, nor that twat Richard Leonard.
Voting Hitler to own the Remainers
All had planned for No Deal: "...whether that was by stocking up on important materials or by engaging import-brokers to do all the paperwork &amp; ensure smooth imports immediately after a No Deal Brexit." #LetsGoWTO #BrexitVote #VoteNo
The Indy ref was based on lies. The Brexit vote was based on no facts whatsoever Scotland voted remain in the brexit vote. He’s honouring the results. Just not the basis of the means to achieve those results
If you sit on a Parish or Town Council you must declare your interest in issues, and leave the room for any discussion or votes on the matter. If that rule applied to HoL and HoC re Brexit or EU there'd hardly be anybody left to debate it. Why doesn't this rule apply to them?
Good Luck to my British friends across the water! Hope you get the whole Brexit deal sorted! Parliament to vote on May's Brexit deal
Have we broke it yet?? #brexit #hitsitgitsit
New story on NPR: Future Of Theresa May's Brexit Deal, And Brexit Itself, Hinges On Pivotal Vote The U.K. prime minister delayed a critical vote last month because her deal didn't have enough support. Now, the vote is back on — but its odds of approval s…
Oh mate.
Day of decision in the British #parliament. Will the deal by get accepted? If not, consequences look more than unclear right now. A #No would increase the chances of the #UK staying in the #EU, as well as of a No-Deal #Brexit.
The Result of my recent poll as announced by John Bercow. The speaker in the House of Commons.
Theresa May will be relying on Labour MPs to help get her disastrous Brexit deal through parliament. You can lobby your Labour MP to vote down the deal here:
Looking forward to covering the #Scottish angle &amp; setting out position at this event on Thursday morning #Brexit #MeaningfulVote
May’s Brexit deal would impede trade, harm growth, hinder businesses, slash public revenue, and leave everyone worse off. via
UK won’t say yes. EU can’t say no. #Mayday #BrexitVote
Future Of Theresa May's Brexit Deal, And Brexit Itself, Hinges On Pivotal Vote
New story on NPR: Future Of Theresa May's Brexit Deal, And Brexit Itself, Hinges On Pivotal Vote
If she won’t quit, kick her out!
Remain is out of the question! as majority has already spoken! #Brexit #BrexitDebate #BrexitDeal #BrexitVote
If the UK withdraws from the EU, the diplomatic and economic repercussions will be felt globally. DON’T DO IT!! #NoBrexit
The DOOMSDAY Brexit Preppers! Meet the British families stocking cupboards with food
I think it’s not the first time she’s deployed “take no notice...”
The DOOMSDAY Brexit Preppers! Meet the British families stocking cupboards with food
May's message: do-nut vote down my Brexit deal
New story on NPR: Future Of Theresa May's Brexit Deal, And Brexit Itself, Hinges On Pivotal Vote
Anthony Hilton: Theresa May’s only path is to revoke Article 50 and ditch Brexit
Thank You My best Morning Four Amendments Threaten to Derail May's Deal: Brexit #Article50 Update
Really feeling optimistic when my bank emails me to say they are extending office hours today to deal with potential disruption in the foreign exchange markets due to the Brexit vote...
Theresa May facing crunch vote on her Brexit deal
All this talk about taking our country back once brexit is done is absolute shite, take it back from what? All that's gonna happen in that regard is that the Tories will have MORE powers over us not less.
At the moment the EU hold the cards, the deal rejected today will make them believe a new referendum or election, new referendum was already rejected Dec 20th 2017 with 23 ayes , election? I doubt the Tories will allow, which means no deal. May will hang on to deliver Brexit.
It is, in fact, also exacerbating the destitution of the British people and destruction of thousands of lives that is already the result of Tory policy. We must halt Brexit and force a new government that will work in the interests of the working poor with a government
I expect you to consider the future, not your fantasy Alice in Wonderland were the UK is head of a non existent empire.
Chaotic scenes in Westminster as both remain and leave voters gather ahead of tonight's #BrexitVote. has all the latest as MPs hold a final debate:
Historical oddity - Bill Cash speaking in the Commons now about the Norway vote in 1940, and Chamberlain quitting etc, which I think took place on the exact day he was born, 10th May 1940. (also odd how Norway makes 2 appearances in the Brexit saga)
That sums it up - a big con and we already make our own laws and EU dont manage any part of life in UK
Immigration worries drove the Brexit vote. Then attitudes changed.
Unless the PM can buy off around 100 MPs with peerages and pork barrel politics by 7pm tonight, her #Brexit deal is going to be voted down in the House of Commons, writes
This might help - but bear in mind it’s from the BBC and both sides of the brexit debate are claiming the BBC are biased towards the other side! Brexit: Your simple guide to the UK leaving the EU
Wow there sure are a lot of Leave campaigners outside Parliament today...scary. #Brexit
Hello Everyone, I am providing the services of #Autocad2d #Floor_Plan #PDF_to_CAD and many more design in Autocad. You can also Hire me at fiver Thanks
Factbox – Britain’s big Brexit vote: What happens in parliament? #UK #UKBiz #England #Britain #UnitedKingdom
Patrick Minford is correct: leaving the EU and customs union without a trade deal will all but eliminate manufacturing industry in the UK. In manufacturing's place will come further financialisation and tax-slashing. The UK will become a tax haven and little else.
Brexit Vs. Longest shutdown. There might be German Europe. #BrexitVote #BrexitDeal #Shutdown #wall #BorderSecurity #Politics #German #EuropeanUnion #Europe #European
Nooooo! Forget Brexit, has swapped Tenable for David Dickinson. My working from home soundtrack is ruined.
Why is it that nobody thinks that the result will make any difference to Theresa May's obstinate refusal to do the right thing !
Prime Minister Theresa May of Britain is in a desperate race to make the defeat of her Brexit plan a routine setback rather than a historic failure
Brexit: What's next if MPs reject May's deal?
Theresa May Syndrom #Brexit #BrexitVote (Cartoon Marcus Gottfried)
Sweepstake on the government's margin of loss on the #MeaningfulVote Drink in it for the closest #Brexit
Agreed. They're a bit fucked. A second referendum is their best hope. Now that they've seen what brexit is going to look like it's the most logical thing to do. But it's never going to happen.
The latest The GoC1930 Daily! Thanks to #bl #brexit
unemployment at record low levels SNP cuts to public services decimating them it is giving us back our rights and Blackford does not speak for Scotland or its people the majority are against the little crofter millonaire
factcheck
Or a so called 'soft Brexit' if not leaving is indeed impossible.
Posted...
Spider-Man please. At least get a StanLee reference in if discussing Brexit
Dad shouting from the living room: They're about to vote Brexit, again
Tulip Siddiq MP has delayed giving birth in order to vote on the Prime Minister’s Brexit deal today.
Business should not be able to hold democracy to ransom. The political future of the #UK was decided in the #referendum. Business at that point should have made a changes to allow them to continue to trade after #Brexit. Their failings should not be the public’s responsibility!
Today is the day that the UK remains in the EU, gets a second referendum and all trust and faith in politicians, democracy and the country. Bad times for those of us who voted leave #brexit #Article50 #leave #EU
Where've we heard this before?
Wow. Didint realise the season finale of #BREXIT was today.
The people who are fuming Tories gave us Brexit trust Tories with a peoples vote See how none of that makes any sense what so ever Its because its just a cover story to try bring Corbyn down Nothing to do with Brexit what so ever
Hilary Benn claims that going back to the people is the best option and let them decide. But ONLY on his choices. No Deal Brexit would not be an option. Doesn't sound like that's much of an option to me. #BrexitDebate
long over due that the self centerd MP's did what the refarudm promisted, not what they want , that is 2 stop brexit 4 ever
Yep. With order being remaining in the UK and chaos being Brexit.
#Brexit is irrelevant while this is going on in #Gateshead and #Bristol... Anyone who does not speak out will NEVER be forgiven.
Least credible argument is that "people are bored of Brexit and we should just get on with it" for the simple reason that the House is even more deeply divided on the future relationship than they are on the WA and have lost all discipline. It is unsafe to proceed on that basis.
Strong and stable.
and have one thing in common, neither one of them has a grasp on reality
Peak out of touch arrogant politician.
Parliament likely to vote on May’s Brexit plan around 2000 GMT #UK #UKBiz #England #Britain #UnitedKingdom
Close ties is fine by me but not at the expense of the UK still being bound by EU regulations. Whatever the Brexit outcome the UK &amp; EU will still carry on trading etc etc as it is in all our best interests to do so regardless of the doom and gloom predictions from some quarters.
You go, girl!
It’s kinda cool that the one day in travelling to London for work is one of the biggest days in Brexit, future grandkids watch out here comes a story!
Theresa May's Brexit plan is expected to go down in defeat as the U.K.'s March 29 departure from the EU looms.
How every Yorkshire MP plans to vote on Theresa May's Brexit deal - and why
FX Markets Await Key Brexit Vote; DXY Index Rallies, GBP Stalls
Theresa May faces worst government defeat in 95 years in key Brexit vote - Bloomberg
"we would not have truly left the EU if we are not in control of our own laws" No more needs to be stated #Brexit
it's now more than 2 1/2 years since we voted to leave! When will 17.4M people 408 of 650 seats &amp; every region of England except London get the brexit we voted for?
Cool immaturity! The great British Brexit robbery: how our democracy was hijacked "A shadowy global operation involving big data, billionaire friends of Trump and the disparate forces of the Leave campaign influenced the result of the EU referendum."
The state of this! Rees-Mogg is a charlatan if the highest order!
Tory MP Bill Cash just told Theresa May to consider resigning "with dignity and without rancour" when her Brexit deal is voted down tonight.
The DWP used Brexit to sneak out another benefit cut | The Canary
I’m a remainer, but two wrongs don’t make a right. People’s vote is a bad idea. It will fail to answer the real questions and will divide this country even further. Brexit needs fixing, one way or the other, so that we can get on solving other (more important) problems.
UK parliament holds final discussions on PM May’s Brexit deal ahead of key vote
Global Markets: Stocks tripped by earnings angst, sterling huddled for Brexit vote #india #indiabiz
Factbox - Britain's big Brexit vote: What happens in parliament?
She gets a 'meaningful' vote. But as it turns out the public didn't! #Brexit #BrexitVote #UK
BREXIT
Hard Brexit expected to hit Danish bacon, butter exports to Britain
Germany must help Europe’s response to Brexit ‘warning’ – Finance Minister #UK #UKBiz #England #Britain #UnitedKingdom
So tell me #PeoplesVote (PV) campaigners, what Brexit is going to be put up against Remain in the PV you want, if our Sovereign, Parliament, has already rejected both Theresa May's crap deal &amp; 'No Deal Brexit'? Anyone see the problem? A GE makes more sense than a PV #Politicslive
The new episode of 'At the heart of the matter' with is coming up tonight on MTV at 22:25 in #Finland, and I'll be talking a little about #brexit. Tune in!
Brexit was a people expressing their will to survive. It was beautiful. It was life. You're a crass woman with scribbles on her butt.
ResFortnight: The European Medicines Agency and its London landlord, Canary Wharf Group, will face off in a trial later this week, when the agency attempts to get out of a long lease as Brexit forces it to relocate to Amsterdam. …
NPR: Future Of Theresa May's Brexit Deal, And Brexit Itself, Hinges On Pivotal Vote
idk, brexit anxiety always makes me feel less alone. what is the word for schadenfreude when it’s not malicious, more of a relief that we all need to get our shit together?
Parliament vote threatens May over no-deal Brexit British Prime Minister Theresa May suffered another setback to her Brexit withdrawal deal Tuesday as members of her own Conservative Party joined opposition Labour Party MPs in favor of a vote to curb
Future Of Theresa May's Brexit Deal, And Brexit Itself, Hinges On Pivotal Vote #freeticketmaxims #Updates #FTM
Quiz: how well have you been following Brexit?
Look familiar? Open the .gov and then we will talk? ! #MAGA #TrumpTrain #trumpville
Government ‘sneaks out’ £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote
Council pledges to support residents during Brexit fallout
A club piping up about Brexit when half the people in their constituency voted remain. I’m sure remain voters are loving that their club has gone all political it’s beyond embarrassing.
Government 'sneaks out' £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote - The Independent
So many Brexit bots about right now. Swarming all over threads. You can tell them by: - generic profile - handful of followers - thousands of argumentative replies - few original tweets Block and report! Do not engage. #FBPE #PeoplesVote #RevokeArticle50
TD Securities 1/4: The big vote on Theresa May's #Brexit deal takes place tonight (GMT), with the vote happening around 8pm GMT. We expect a significant defeat, with about 70 Conservative MPs not supporting the deal (for a loss margin of around 150, depending on abstentions).
BREXIT WRECKING! Theresa May’s deal dealt fresh blow as Bercow blocks key amendments
. was on our list as Probably voting against - upgraded now to definite.
so who is the deep state blocking us from getting the Brexit we voted for??
TD Securities 4/4: Hopes for No #Brexit may prevail initially, but the risks of No Deal will also cast a long shadow.
I’m in Glasgow and don’t cover Brexit, so no I haven’t went to Parliament and spoken to anyone. I’m sure some people have travelled to be there. But my point is that relatively small protests outside parliament are as detached from most people as the politicians you bemoan.
While your giving your opinions, could you elaborate on why a no deal brexit would be a good thing your consituants and their families please?
Anyone out there that could explain to me the effects Brexit will have on the EPL regarding overseas players if any?
conversations with young people in my office cont: a) who is this boba fett b) has anyone made a film about nazi bounty hunters in south america as they should and c) can we play music from the last ten years. And I thought brexit was frustrating....#stafftraining
Today, votes on whether or not to ratify the #WithdrawalAgreement with the #EU. Want to understand this #DealorNoDeal #Brexit vote &amp; what's in the WA? Check out our easy 2-minute explainer (link below!)
It's a pity the money spent on Brexit had not been spent on education when we joined the EU.
take note.
BBC News - How does Brexit affect the pound?
May’s deal, how would you would? Here are some results so far... #Brexit #BrexitDeal #BrexitDeal #73DaysToBrexit #EU #Article50 #Bercow #BrexitVote #EUWithdrawalBill
Even Andrea Leadsom "has concerns that there will be no Brexit at all', making it sound like a burnt Sunday cake.
Thank you very much for saying so! I further assert that Russia is behind Syria/refugees/EU destabilization, Brexit/propaganda/dark money, and rise of right wing in the EU...(in addition to US/Trump debacle).
I’m looking forward to the Pin The Amendment On The Meaningful Vote stall and Guess The Weight Of 17.4 Million Votes
James O'Brien's Unmissable Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote - LBC
Get ready for #Brexit. Are you ready? We are: the Dutch website is up:
What is going on today regarding #BrexitVote ? Do not miss today's monographic report here:
I mean, surely just get past March, Brexit is done, then it's all about shaping the future framework and remain is no longer an option and re-accession is unlikely, that campaign would take many, many years to build up a head of steam.
BestForBritain: Thoughts are with TulipSiddiq today, who has bravely delayed the birth of her son to vote against the Brexit deal. We wish her and her baby the very best for the future.
#Brexit amendment that might have limited PM's losses is rejected
Theresa May facing crunch vote on her Brexit deal-“Krispy creams for No 10- army rations for food banks!”
Not really, I felt proud to be British during the Olympics, Britain looked fantastic to outside world. But Brexit has urinated on that pride, it's pushed xenophobic morons onto a platform, gave them a voice. Made scum feel their racism is important or acceptable. It's shameful.
HAVE YOUR SAY: What should happen in tonight's crucial Brexit vote
You're conflating research on the causes of Brexit of which is there is plenty from many different disciplinary directions, and work by credible social scientists, economist or humanities scholars supporting Brexit. The latter has as much credibility as climate change denial.
London tenants are over £1,800 better off since the Brexit vote: #London #renting
Watching the Brexit debate. I must say, If I had Theresa May, in a dungeon, bound and naked... ...I’d leave her there and go on holiday for a fortnight.
Neil Warnock on Brexit: ‘To hell with the rest of the world’
#CharityTuesday Please retweet this devastating example of the impact of #Brexit on our #education system &amp; #family life. #Autism #Disability #SEN
“What could happen if the Government lose the Brexit vote” DON’T BLOODY CARE!! Just tell me when, not if
Poor sods. The DOOMSDAY Brexit Preppers! British families stockpile food
Today is a bad day to compete for international attention, especially with no visuals coming out of Harare. Here are some of the other games in town today: Kenya Hotel Attacks Brexit Vote Gabgo ICC ruling #ShutDownZimbabwe #ShutDownZim
Wants a hard Brexit Feels that the EU stops clubs from signing players from around the world (cursory glance anywhere would say that's a nonsense) In league with Farage Wants to employ an experiences journalist and editor on £27k Brilliant stuff to be proud of as a club, that
Immigration worries drove the Brexit vote. Then attitudes changed.
After listening to that I wouldn’t buy a used car from JRM.
Immigration worries drove the Brexit vote. Then attitudes changed.
MPs told they face a choice between order and 'chaos' as May heads for huge defeat on Brexit - Politics live
immigrants*
MAKE A CHANGE #PEOPLESVOTE #GIVEUSACHOICE #DEMOCRACY #BREXIT
Well, you don't say..... Germany says EU ready to talk if UK rejects Brexit deal
Not only that. You need to put the negotiated #Brexit deal to the voters. They have a right to decide whether this deal is really what they wanted, when they voted on a non defined Brexit in 2016.
Grow up and show some leadership- that’s what we need from Politicians. A 5yo knows ‘in EU’ is better than Mays Deal or No Deal. About time some people made this clear to electorate. If people then insist in full knowledge that they want to be worse off then so be it #Brexit
can we disband Brexit, on account of the poo-pooing?
May’s Brexit Deal Vote Is Finally Here. What Happens if (When) it Fails?
FOX BIZ NEWS: UK Parliament on cusp of historically momentous Brexit vote
#SouthAfrica: Does Theresa May have the votes for #Brexit deal in parliament?
Renew is calling for MPs to reject the proposed deal and then offer the country a Final Say on Brexit. #RejectTheLies #ReformPolitics #RebootBritain
Are you capable of only one thought a day? I'm pretty sure a member of Corbyn's team can tweet out something as completely inoffensive as this, then forget about it and focus on the business of the day in the HoC. He's been useless with Brexit, but this is needless nitpicking.
Hey Ad van buddy! We had our Brexit themed van on the streets of London today too!
nothing wrong with hard borders - Eire is an independent separate country from UK why the fuss stay in EU and suffer the EU dictatorship
NO to #Brexit. It would be a fatal blow to British art, fashion and culture. Between 30-40% of losts in shipments and taxes. It's time for the United Kingdom to lead the European Union, with a stronger leader and to postpone the Brexit project for four to five years.
Brexit and Beef: if the EU wasn't faithful over BSE, how can we trust them with our liberty?
Very biased bit of video, completely avoiding all the LEAVE banners. #Brexit
Theresa May facing crunch vote on her Brexit deal - BBC News
'It really is quite something to be at the centre of and reporting on' #BTS with as we await what is expected to be a rejection of the prime minister's Brexit deal later tonight
Beautifully articulated there Tom - and not in his first language - this is true in my experience as well - however those locals blinkered by the tabloid lies know no different and do not seek the knowledge - very sad. Good must overcome the rotten brexit somehow! #stopbrexit
LIVE – final day of Commons debate on the Brexit deal ahead of the vote ... via
What planet are you on? Your people need you to focus your mind on the nightmare they will be living if Brexit happens. You're hiding from the tsunami with a paper bag over your head mate!
Blog zum Brexit Yes or No? #BrexitVote
LOL have you seen the shambles that passes for Govt advice? If you export to the EU, post Brexit you need to register and account for VAT in each state you sell to. For us that's 18 countries, 18 VAT returns, all different, all in their language. Am passing costs to the public.
Remainers seeing Today at Westminster - Parliament doing Government at Westminster and Not EU System of Government doing Parliament . Why Westminster system is coped the across world... #brexit
making an excuse for a vote they don’t agree with. Plenty of people who voted are wondering when Brexit will happen
Haha.. just seen your Wiki profile which states that you are part of the initiative for free trade. So how do you square that with a no-deal Brexit old chap?
As today is the day of the big vote we thought we would share our thoughts on this thorny issue
Elections have consequences. Trump should get his wall and Britain should get Brexit. I’m a liberal but it people doing want to get off their asses and vote this is what happens.
EU Flag being burned outside Parliament at sirens wail... set to be an interesting Day! #Brexit #YellowVestsUK #BrexitVote
New story on NPR: Future Of Theresa May's Brexit Deal, And Brexit Itself, Hinges On Pivotal Vote
Have any questions about #BREXIT ? Later I will being doing a Facebook Live #AskABrit segment with over on the FB page. Post Qs here and we will try to answer. Will also accept related trivia questions. #Cor #Blimey
Congratulations Conservative party, keep pressing your self destruct buttons. #rejectthelies #ReformPolitics
My God, Rees-Mogg is absolutely insufferable!
...or scrapping Brexit in the UK national and every citizens interest. Strong leadership required to stand up to Brexiteers and far right and say No!
Brexiteer Steve Double speaks up for 300,000 No Deal Brexit petition
This is very good. #Brexit #Brexiteers
What could happen if PM’s Brexit deal is rejected
Patriots Power of Virtue and common Sense is greater that blunt force of money!!! BREXIT May’s deal dealt fresh blow as Bercow blocks key amendments
“The NOs have it.”
The tentative Brexit announcement today has many currencies sitting in a "wait and see" mode. Be aware that when the announcement/vote hits it is bound to cause volatility! You can follow details here:
Second thoughts. Second chances. #TuesdayThoughts #TuesdayMotivation #TuesdayMorning #MartinLutherKingJr #BrexitVote #BrexitDeal #BrexitShambles #BrexitBetrayal
Last forex news
Jacob being taken to the cleaners by James, great listening
#NO_DEAL BREXIT MAY BE UNLAWFUL
this really is a surrender agreement!
What could happen if 's #Brexit deal is rejected? looks at all the different scenarios that could play out -will it be renegotiation or a motion of no-confidence?
ICYMI: My column: Why we should all celebrate this particular UK Government #Brexit humiliation
The UK public did not understand the impact of BREXIT at all. It’s crunch time.
Theresa May's Brexit deal 'does violence to the union', says , who adds there's 'no need' for the Irish border backstop
Thread.
#BrexitVote Brexiteer Tory MP Bill Cash brands Theresa May’s Brexit deal ‘ILLEGAL’ and needs to be STOPPED
Theresa May Faces Defeat in Parliament over Brexit Plan
Sorry, like the EU with Brexit, we're not bending over backwards to make your life easier, you want to be a separate country, get your own currency. When you had your last referendum, the UK told that you couldn't have it. Why do you think anything has changed?
Last forex news
I hear this all the time.. remainers changing to #leave #brexit #probrexit #leavemnsleave
BREXIT WRECKING! Theresa May’s deal dealt fresh blow as Bercow blocks key amendments Same as France and the Netherlands. The people hate the EU and the elite like to stay in the EU. Jobs for the happy few. Sorry ... Democracy ... My ass …
Brexit crisis should be shaped by action on the streets via
Petition: Brexit re article 50 it must not be suspended/stopped under any circumstances
We've already voted. The only way forward is WTO Brexit.
Looks like this Brexit deal has a lot of "holes" in it.
Parliament to vote on May's Brexit deal Are you pro or anti Brexit? And what makes you have the opinion that you do?
bunch of retards living im their sjw bubble of reality. Brexit will serve them right
Wells Fargo, JP Morgan and Brexit Vote Challenge US Stock Markets Today
James O'Brien and Jacob Rees-Mogg clashed in spectacular fashion as they debated #Brexit vote.
Here
May has warned lawmakers that if her plan is rejected, no #Brexit at all would be more likely than Britain leaving the EU without a deal.
Brexit: Six things EU could do if Theresa May’s deal gets voted down
I'm really mortified that a British paper would publish a comparison of the UK's self-inflicted #BrexitShambles with the awful circumstances of WW2. I'm not sure how I can apologise enough to German friends and colleagues for this level of ignorant rhetoric
Neil Warnock's previously unknown hacking abilities.
only a break of 124.34 $GBPUSD on a closing basis would warn of a #technical near-term change in #trend-#Brexit #TheresaMay #currency #USD #markets #charts #centralbanks #ECB #BOE
People of UNITED KINGDOM r forgetting that Britain is a democracy and EU referendum delivered as BREXIT as a majority was the will of people; collectively. Prime Minister May delivered on the result and kept her promise.
If this shit continues the season tickets do not get renewed.
Download Report to setting out political developments from #Brexit referendum to date, steps taken by to protect &amp; promote Jersey’s interests, &amp; implications for Jersey over the coming weeks &amp; months. #ReadyBrex
Business should not be able to hold democracy to ransom. The political future of the #UK was decided in the #referendum. Business at that point should have made changes to allow them to continue to trade after #Brexit. Their failings should not be the public’s responsibility!
Hilary Benn showing more real talk and coherence than obi wan Cornbyn has in 3 years. #Brexit
Listening to James O’Brien interview Jacob Rees-Mogg is very much like watching someone trying to knock down a Weeble. #Brexit
Bloody hell, a woman's work is never done! MP delays Caesarean birth for Brexit vote.
James O'Brien's Unmissable Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote - LBC
Something to take your mind of #brexit for a short time at least When I was born my Mother said when saw me for the first time “oooh ain’t he ugly” now what’s worse, that she said it or ........ told me she said it FYI I’m not handsome or ugly
If I was so pro-EU and hated Brexit Britain, I'd be off in a shot to Spain, or Italy, South of France, maybe even Lithuania (lovely birds over there). I wouldn't stay here whinging that the country voted to leave my beloved EU.
They didn't vote for a Tory toff who opposes gay marriage and abortion. Nixon invented the "silent majority" so he could claim to speak on their behalf. Brexiteers have invented the idea that 52% want a no-deal crash-and-burn Brexit.
Sorry Pauline, but if you believe that, you'll believe anything.
If you are short get out of the way. This market is going to rip. I’ve been stopped out of all positions. #VolQ is down -152 bps today. Live to fight another day / BREXIT later :)
Atikulooted,u people are responsible for the Nigeria retrogression. We have ur Dozier.
#BrexitVote New Evidence Emerges of Steve Bannon and Cambridge Analytica’s Role in Brexit November 17, 2018 .
What's best for the country is no Brexit. What the country voted, however, was to leave. I don't believe that for most people this deal satisfies that.
You’re a lying piece of shit! Nobody said or wanted that! The majority if not all of your constituents wanted your support regarding Mark Duggan’s death and what appeared to be an unlawful shooting. Rather than just being upfront about however you truly felt, you went in circles
The majority voted remain ( I was not 1 of them ) but DUP argued the overall result was for Brexit. They voted in support of the Govt. When the Govt. needed them this time but they voted against the PM.
For me personally as a type 1 diabetic it is a nightmare. But maybe the example has been modified to account for what will be available to eat after brexit to avoid starvation
Big #Brexit vote in the UK tonight. Catch up on our indepth coverage to find out what it means for #pharma and healthcare.
If #Brexit does not occur, even though democratically approved in a vote, what is recourse but armed insurrection? If failure to #Brexit doesn’t trigger a revolution, what would? Every vote after would only have whatever weight the state decided to give it.
"Confused about Brexit?". Then you've been watching the BBC, Brexit Broadcasting Corp. Wise?
I’ve had to mute the old Brexit debate now because Bill Cash and Ian Blackford, the honourable member for Deutsche Bank, are doing a power of yelling.
Ahead of #Brexit deal, here's minute-by-minute guide to UK Parliament votes
will Theresa May do a Paul Daniels (lovely) and pull a Brexit rabbit out of a hat - or will it be a turkey (gobble gobble)
Brexit deal vote: John Bercow delivers fresh blow to Theresa May as he blocks key amendment that could have reduced her loss
PSA: If anyone sees me doing this- it's okay I'm just researching my increasingly depressing thesis
James O'Brien talking over his guest and determined to bully and dominate with his own questionable views. Dreadful, pointless interview.
James O'Brien's Unmissable Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote - LBC
No I did they are the remainers that will do and say anything to stop Brexit . We do not want the same rules . We wa t our own rules . Leave means leave that’s what we voted for
Been waiting for this since Colin Wanker wrapped up his press conference last weekend. Did not disappoint. Amazing work as always Mr Squires. And I got your book for my brother for Xmas - bloody hilarious!!
What is Bill Cash doing in the Commons? Please, bring him back to the British Museum. Thank you very much. #MeaningfulVote #brexit
May Will Lose the Brexit Vote Tonight; Here’s What Happens Next
I'm in. Easier than i thought. #Brexit #Westminster #HoC
Hello! I will #document edit, #pdf edit, #fillable pdf from, #Photo edit.. for $5 on Fiverr, Check it out!
Brexit times call for brexit measures
Non-league football club demands MPs reject Theresa May’s Brexit deal
I hate to say it, but I do believe that the Iron Lady would have managed to get a deal on immigration that wouldn't have led to a Brexit.
This article from The Guardian illustrates the impact of a no deal Brexit on a start-up company. They say the potential import tax and increased administration will kill their margins. What risk does Brexit pose to your start up?
“With UK fintech sourcing 42% of its employees from overseas, the future relationship with the EU will be key to the UK maintaining its competitive advantage.” Will #Brexit put a dampener on UK #fintech? Via
soft brexit is a term made up by your side of the argument!
The idea that it wold be undemocratic to have a 2nd referendum, whilst risky in some ways, is unjustifiable. On the contrary, people are now far better informed &amp; more young people now eligible, those who'll be most afftd by Brexit, shuld hav a chance to vote.
Pro Brexit? Really... Pro respecting the result of a referendum yes, but from start Labour campaigned on the whole for Remain. Some officially and were part of the reason why remain failed. Others, like JC, made right arguments but were marginalised. By those that screwed up.
What is Theresa May’s Brexit deal and what are the alternatives?
I just read a headline that said, 'Sterling Slips Ahead of Brexit Vote' and my first reaction was, that wasn't a slip, it was a blatant dive.
Brexit SHOCK: How Cameron told Juncker he wanted to 'dock Britain PERMANENTLY in the EU'
The votes this week continue to constrain Prime Minister May, without providing meaningful direction in terms of what might be an acceptable Brexit outcome to the Commons. #BrexitDeal #BrexitVote
What evidence is there that they’ll renegotiate with Labour? What evidence is there that a Labour Brexit won’t be just a slightly smaller disaster than a Tory one? Sorry, but a GE now doesn’t make sense. Stop Brexit first then have a GE. What’s wrong with that way round?
Ygritte has reminded us many times that Jon Snow knows nothing &amp; so it is with Michael Gove. Perhaps he's been at the milk of the poppy.
The SNP do not and will never have a credible argument on Brexit whilst they continue to push for a 2nd independent vote.
can you please reassure me that if a no deal where to occur there would be no disruption in my daughters insulin supply and other fundamental parts of her prescription which is currently keeping he alive?#type1diabetes #brexit
Brexit means brexit. We’ve known that for 2 years! Keep up!
Top-tier council leaders in #Hampshire &amp; the Isle of Wight have written to Government ministers to warn of post-Brexit disruption to their #transport networks &amp; ask the Government &amp; to do more
Bye Dominic take care. I'm sure Germany will allow you etc to claim political asylum when the British public refuses to forgive.
Hear from Gartner on how to prepare for #Brexit and why organizations should do so now — regardless of the final position. #CIO #SupplyChain #Strategy #News #Legal #HR
Brits in Sweden 'could stay for one year' in event of no-deal Brexit [ ]
Rang by 'Liberty Helms'
Chartist - Another Europe is Possible: Mobilising internationalism in the fight against Brexit
Seven questions with Anton Gromoczki, a final year student who says one of his UCL highlights has been his research on #Brexit and a trip to Brussels where he got to speak with senior EU experts and policy makers.
"Snake... Do you think love can bloom, even in parliament?"
This.
Hear, hear!!!!!!
public school boy has his arse handed to him. You are not an interviewer, you are a soaring gobshite, who talks over the person we are all trying to hear speak. Well done
A vote for independence within the country is only half the story; it would be a pyrrhic victory without the approval and recognition of Europe and the rest of the world. Ireland is worried about England’s Brexit; so should we be. Having an impoverished neighbour is not good.
The debate over a second Brexit referendum: Why a second referendum is sensible via
Whatever challenges your business faces, break them down easily and effectively with #mindmapping. Our #brexit checklist is one of many templates available to help you get started
Brexit is happening, remainers are just delaying the inevitable with their anti democratic pettiness. They’re EU mummies boys. If we stayed the EU will want more and more ,because its in financial trouble with no audited accounts to show.
What time is the Brexit meaningful vote in Parliament tonight, and when will we know the result? via
MPs have been urged to vote against Theresa May's Brexit deal by...Boreham Wood Football Club
Debate begins on historic Brexit vote in UK Parliament
WP stating the obvious.
Well good luck with that Pauline, not sure this tweet will age well
Decided to use my lunch break to indulge the sights (and sounds) of this historic day #BrexitVote #BrexitDeal #Brexit
Paul #Collier's new book is a response to the twin shocks of 2016: #Brexit and #Trump #economics #capitalism #EU
Only one poll counted. It was taken &amp; the results have been announced. Brexit must happen.
Brexit: where does our industry stand? and where do you stand?
#Leavers knew what they were voting for! #BrexitVote #StandUp4Brexit #Brexit #BBC #SKY #LBC #ConservativeParty #Labour #UK #EU
Brexit Day #Brexit #PeoplesVote #BrexitVote
Speaking to reporters at the European Parliament, Heiko Maas said: "The agreement stands, as it is. I doubt very much that the agreement can be fundamentally reopened. If there were a better solution, it would already have been put forward."
She must leave her post , about as much use as a chocolate teapot ! #mayout
I bet she's a lefty corby loving Brexit bashing twat
There is NO renegotiated Brexit deal with the EU under the Tories or the Labour Party. They all need to get a grip on this.
Plenty of UK manufacturers will be able to restart after we stop being mandated by the EU to take there second rate stuff. Same with computers - I had a rather wonderful British made Acorn computer in the 80s. No need for foreign made anything post Brexit
This royal subject quasi-decrees that the UK execute the BREXIT.
Do sign the petition!
Hate this Government. Poorer pensioner couples will lose more than £7,000 a year, under a cut "sneaked out" while MPs are preparing for the showdown Brexit vote.
Faith in democracy was shattered the moment the #Leave campaign won the #EURef on an undeliverable set of promises, and its proponents ran away from the scene in an attempt to avoid blame. #Brexit is a disaster for our country. Time for honesty in politics.
The latest updates as MPs prepare to cast 'meaningful vote' on Theresa May's #Brexit deal at last
Always a sign that things are going super well, uh huh. Ahead of a crucial #Brexit vote, Brits are buying gold
wait till you see Plan 'C'!
is there any high profile academics that have had the courage to come out as Brexit supporters?
I mean we all know how well the last government order or ‘chaos’ threat turned out...
New story on NPR: Future Of Theresa May's Brexit Deal, And Brexit Itself, Hinges On Pivotal Vote
Nearly finished A level mocks. And Brexit.
You have obviously read nothing about BREXIT over the last couple of years ,it's up to you to find out the facts ,or are you so hooked on remaining in a corrupt organisation that you can't see beyond the end of your Euro
EU's options if UK MPs reject Brexit deal - BBC News
Brexit Vote is Scheduled at 20.00GMT (8pm) and this is how it will affect the Market. If Brexit deal is voted yes, then there is viable room for the GBP to surge higher and if No .... . . #EGMNigeria #Forex #ForexTrading #Trading #brexit #Investment
How So?JRM did not put the Referendum to the Country. JRM did not make us take the Brexit option. A professional Interviewer would have contained his personal feelings to get the best out of the Interview. This was not an aggressive interviewer but an incompetent out of depth one
That did seem to be the gist of what they were saying, yes. Amazing how at pains they were to point out how inclusive the club is in that statement before effectively calling the whole of Europe bullies in this Brexit statement.
U.S. #won't escape the pain of Brexit - #ManagementConsulting #news
No it isn't a genuine solution. it's your delusional, snidey way of trying to stop Brexit. You and Grieve disgust me. you ought to be de-selected. Go and join Labour!
BBC posting this clip time after time. But Here is what they ignore
Brexit zealots push to leave E.U. with no deal. One interviewed here even said ‘give (no deal) a try, we can always go back in’. *bangs head on wall*
However, if another £billion or 2 is on the table it might be doable... Foster says May's Brexit plan won't succeed as crunch time approaches -
Now we know what Yer Da used the crowdfunder for.
70% back No Deal Brexit in Sunderland poll
Wells Fargo, JP Morgan and Brexit Vote Challenge US Stock Markets Today
May's Brexit deal is not just a capitulation – it's a decapitation of our great nation
#brexit short term loss for long term gain . Money money money let’s talk about people the builders the average joes the EU lowered the standard of living for the masses . I bet Italy I bet Greece can remmber the days before theEU . give it time it will destroy itself
If want to retain influence, don’t #Brexit
Bercow backs proxy vote on Brexit for pregnant Labour MP
idea that it wold be undemocratic to have a 2nd referendum, whilst risky in some ways, is unjustifiable. On the contrary, people are now far better informed &amp; more young people now eligible, those who'll be most afftd by Brexit, shuld hav a chance to vote.
If the Rothschilds get their way and history repeats then the banks will crash and be bought for next to peanuts. Just like it did in Napoleon times and has done every 100 years or keep one an eye on the stock market as brexit may make you rich long-term
. explains today’s big Brexit vote to a couple of clueless Americans #AM2DM
In short, yes. Tho a lot of my twitter feed do too. Read the section on money; there's no amount of money Treez could allocate to NI that would convince the DUP to vote for the backstop BBC News - Brexit: Did Theresa May fail to understand the DUP?
Tell us why you want brexit?
FX Markets Await Key Brexit Vote; DXY Index Rallies, GBP Stalls | Visit Now -&gt;
New story on NPR: Future Of Theresa May's Brexit Deal, And Brexit Itself, Hinges On Pivotal Vote
Yes Theresa because last time we were offered a choice between chaos and stability it worked out so well eh?
Brexit deal vote: John Bercow delivers fresh blow to Theresa May as he blocks key amendment that could have reduced her loss via
'Beyond even Brexit itself, the UK's political stability is at risk', Prof discusses the options we have to protect the UK's political integrity in
I'm looking forward to the sequel's sequel, "Brexit: Oh God Why Does It Hurt So Much".
What will happen if you lose that vote on Brexit?
Couldn't do it before brexit!
BBCNEWS 7:04am Sir KEIR STARMER MP. Shadow Brexit Secretary
‘The EU are in Trouble‘ Warns DUP Brexit Spokesman via
New story on NPR: Future Of Theresa May's Brexit Deal, And Brexit Itself, Hinges On Pivotal Vote
"FAQ : MASTER TKL, Gilets Jaunes, Brexit, Trading" : via
We have Brexit which is bad enough, but to shut down an administration to build a wall I don’t do you get anybody to work for you? All those people unable to pay bills, where is your compassion for the misery you are causing .
Old Witch
I wonder if there's gonna be any mention of #Brexit in #SpiderManFarFromHome? I mean, he's heading to Europe and there's shots of London in the trailer so what's the political climate like in the MCU? #Mysterio #TomHolland #JakeGyllenhaal #BrexitVote
What could happen if 's #Brexit deal is rejected? looks at all the different scenarios that could play out -will it be renegotiation or a motion of no-confidence?
Nicely sums what we all realised, very quickly was reality of the situation and absolutly what May should have done.
Why aren’t you listening ?
Would have loved to have seen/heard taking on the DUP RHI scandal. No shit taken
I have wondered if the end times might coincide with Brexit.... #justsaying
OK, here's an arguement. Did you listen to interview with JRM this morning? The economist JRM sited as predicting a rosey future after Brexit, also said "Brexit will decimate our agricultural industry" There's a good reason to remain. We need to eat Sean, even racists.
I do hope Americans are watching closely the #Brexit situation in UK.
my feed has me bouncing between #brexit and the usa shutdown like the shittest pinball game
“It is now planning to increase its sales in Germany, the Netherlands and Nordic countries in 2019.” Shall you tell them about Brexit, or shall I?
Comment: Tulip Siddiq should not have had to delay her son's birth for Brexit
I can recommend this &amp; the following comments which would be very funny if the situation &amp; analysis weren’t so accurate &amp; serious #BrexitShambles
#brexit should die a painful and humiliating death.
NewsLandlords: London tenants are over £1,800 better off since the Brexit vote: #London #renting
PM MAY, and the rest of the Corrupt and Evil British Political Class, will be putting on another Phony Brexit Show today. We shall see if The Brainwashed British Population swallow the coming Bull Schitt or not?
Just had this boy come to me front door n dump vegan sosig rolls all over the front garden, not to mention said "i'd suck ur willy for a quid", couldnt find me keys to open front door to spark him, did a flying brexit kick through door by then he'd fled, let me kno if u see him.
One would think Hilary Benn wants to extend Article 50 #Brexit #HoC #BBCParliament
Hard Brexit to hit Danish bacon, butter exports to Britain - OECD - Reuters
Hilary Benn is brilliant again. #brexit
WHAT TO WATCH FOR TODAY The UK parliament votes on Theresa May’s Brexit deal. The embattled prime minister is expected to face a heavy defeat, which would leave her with three days to come up with an alternate...
#Freedom Today is the Fulcrum of political choice. We must choose to do something curb the theft of our nation or choose to set a course for the reclamation of what our ancestors sacrificed good men for. There are very few ways the reclamation of freedom happens #Brexit #Patriots
May faces defeat as parliament debates Brexit before crucial vote | dpa International
Social work bytes is out! Stories via #brexit #highered
Brexit vote D-Day as May faces defeat and a vote of no confidence #news #things #dailymail #feed
Bad decision. Shouldn’t be a Brexit
Does it matter what they are? MPs are determined to stop Brexit come what may - no pun intended!
Over/under for /r/me_ira being amplified by the same people who amplified Scottish Independence and Brexit (Russia)?
absolutely fucking not
Better get in quick before Brexit. Then there will be loads of forms to fill out!
British industrial giant announces a massive mew investment in ... ... Belgium. Thanks Brexiters! #BrexitVote
' and the promised that the #UK would leave the #EU with #nodeal if a bad deal was the only alternative. She must keep that promise or the #ConservativeParty needs to be vanquished for their LIES! #StandUp4Brexit #Brexit #Tory
We, your constiuency, voted for Brexit ... we demand you do too or call a by-election No deal is better than No Brexit. #PeopleAlreadyVoted #Democracy
Wait, isn’t this … um, bullshit?
If someone shows me the side of a bus saying ‘you’ll need an allotment’ or ‘you’ll be worse off but we’ll be out of EU’ then I’ll accept its the will of the people. Until then don’t #brexit
Today’s Brexit vote is a historical point for the UK follow the format with this guide. The big Brexit vote is upon us and all bets are on Theresa May’s deal...
. braces for a heavy defeat on today's parliamentary vote; alternative options from a no-deal #Brexit to a #secondreferendum
Govt uses Brexit chaos to try to sneak out policy changes, but we see them. From 15 May pensioners have to claim Universal Credit - if their partner is below pension age, they won't be eligible to jointly claim Pension Credit. This is the action of a Govt which refuses to listen.
I didn't realise everyone got a personal Brexit
Government ‘sneaks out’ £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote
The worst thing about brexit is that everyone is a bloody expert in politics and economics now
the #Brexit vote is today. Follow the live stream of the UK House of commons live here:
Yeah - that's what she said! #MargaretThatcher #Mansha #businessbeforepeople #ApproachingEmpty
Juncker planning to meet May tomorrow? Commissioner Moscovici says the Commission president can't attend a debate in Strasbourg with the Spanish PM tomorrow because he has to be in Brussels to deal with Brexit
These Facebook Pages Are Spending Thousands Of Pounds Trying To Influence Your Views On Brexit
I agree it is an issue, dialogue and listening will bring better conclusions. If the government listened to concerns there would be no need for Brexit as they would have targeted the issues.
NP Also, is *the* expert on the border, Good Friday Agreement &amp; the implications of Brexit And there's itself, another humorous acct that is v serious about being upheld
How would a ‘No Deal’ Brexit impact the UK software market? Read predictions on the #IDCUKIBlog: #Brexit
Hi Mark Read this article. It confirms that THE UNITED KINGDOM, has a weak Prime Minister and that The European Union, is laughing behind GREAT BRITAIN's back. Alex B
Oh. They have a fancy promo for 'At the heart of the matter'. I mean, it's not as good as my Jasmine Masters gif, but it's something. Tonight, MTV, 22:35 I'll be talking a little about #brexit.
Suffolk Tory MPs solid behind May as key Brexit debate nears climax
Theresa May’s deal dealt fresh blow as Bercow blocks key amendments.
The key vote on May’s Brexit deal will come at about 8 pm London time
SNP in bed with the Tories since 1976 when they campaigned alongside Thatcher to smear working-class Labour Voters. A former Fascist Leader of SNP helped. SNP won Scottish Elections in 2007 by ONE Vote. They went into a coalition with Scottish TORIES. #WithdrawalAgreement
Drug firms preparing for no-deal Brexit told to sign 'gagging orders'
Gonna go buy a new wedgewood teacup in hilary benn's honour #brexit
Ah not because of Brexit like many in the UK would have us believe! GM cuts jobs in face of bleak outlook | Financial Times -
Government sneaks out benefit cut announcement on day before Brexit vote via
Parliament debates and votes on May's Brexit deal – watch live - Guardian News
UK parliament likely to vote on May's Brexit plan around 2000 GMT
Factbox: Britain's big Brexit vote - What happens in parliament? #topNews
THERE. IS. NO. 'GOOD'. BREXIT. DEAL. By backing it, Corbyn is supporting fascism just as much as May, UKIP. Scots have a decent govt &amp; nation, we're not flushing them down a fascist sewer for Brexiteers &amp; Lexiteers. Finland can understand that, Little Englanders can't...
May's Brexit Deal Is Not Just A Capitulation – It's A Decapitation Of Our Great Nation Sent via
Factbox: Britain's big Brexit vote - What happens in parliament?
The good stuff is at 13:13 He is really addressing the ERG 'no deal' contentions. #Brexit. Chris Bryant at 13:17 is also spot on, Gov has been running down the clock.
"For beyond all the noise, precious little has moved in #Britain politically for the past two and a half years. This is not chaos. This is paralysis." #Brexit #BrexitVote #UK
Remember when The Poke used to joke about the news?
In response to your question in the Metro, “History will ask... did we deliver Brexit?”, by which you mean if your Deal delivers Brexit, I can tell you the answer right now.
I was a great fan of Tony Benn. Son Hilary I'm not quite so impressed with even less with his determination to wreck #brexit via a second referendum. Methinks he protests too much generally and is an arch-remainer
Brexit has dominated the news it seems for the last two and a half years, hopefully the end, one way or another, is in sight. This week's quote of the week summarises it perfectly... "The time has come, the Walrus said..." Lewis Carroll. #BrexitVote #decisionday
Smelling the shit that comes off most politicians as they try and stop Brexit.
and are two cheeks of the same arse,
{editor} Farmer Focus: Australia could inspire post-Brexit Britain
There was a people's vote, it was called Brexit.
How do you feel about this Kevin? #Brexit is insignificant when British people are under attack from their own government. And #Corbyn is silent.
Shameful!
James O'Brien's Unmissable Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote
Shock horror! A seriously bad take by a Tory!
My meetings for the day are concluded, just tuning in to Brexit debate...no surprise so far, Theresa May getting savaged by both sides. Call for her to leave with dignity. I maintain this is the major difference between May and Thatcher. Thatcher cared about her dignity and quit.
NO DEAL BREXIT? HAVE TO RETAKE MY DRIVING TEST? dear lord
EXPLAINER-What happens if PM May loses vote on her Brexit deal?.
"May faces defeat in parliament over Brexit plan" -
"Britain faces a simple and inescapable choice - stability and strong Government with me, or chaos with Ed Miliband" change the sodding record!
May faces defeat in parliament over Brexit plan
Via : What time is the Brexit vote? And how is it going to happen?
Brexit Wood FC
I would like there to be a little consciousness about all the boyzz creating the #Brexit mess, then dumping the implementation on the new woman PM, then undermining her over and over and over.. and then saying she's the worst PM ever. Misogyny and smug men all over this map.
It seems ridiculous that heavily pregnant people or very ill people are dragged into the commons. I really think they should prioritise finding some other way, after Brexit has some direction. There should be some electronic form of voting for exceptonal cases.
Sounds like the ideal plan to me. Revoke A50, spend a few years realising how idiotic Brexit is in every form, then watch as Farage and the Russians spend a few years lying trying to get the gullible to vote for Brexit again
A moment of truth is coming for the Brexit deal. After two years of negotiations with the EU, the house of commons will vote later today. #Article50 #BrexitDeal #BrexitVote
James O'Brien's Unmissable Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote - LBC
Ian Blackford (SNP Westminster leader) argues that the House must take back control, based on the facts of the matter such as Jaguar and Land Rover cutting jobs (of which he claims Brexit was a contributing factor).
May works for the EU so her perspective is she’s doing a good job. She’s unaffected by the brexit brits opinion
In a word
I'd rather attend the upcoming WEA Llanelli lecture on Thursday 17th January 7.30pm on Brexit and the Future of British Politics FREE
And away they go the Brexit way...
The posh man ducking and diving.
Complete shambles. She has to resign tonight when this is inevitably defeated
Prime Minister Theresa May sold #Brexit voters down the river.
Trouble wiv #EU is it's gone way beyond original intention - A CommonMarket EU become 'government' of member states undermining what states want 2 do themselves! A '1 size fits all' not giving way for different states unique #politics &amp; identity #Brexit
"May’s #Brexit deal would impede trade, harm growth, hinder businesses, slash public revenue, and leave everyone worse off." #Brexshit #BrexitShambles #FBPE
Or no brexit at all ? #suitsme
Translation - the #ukgov must stop democracy and bring in fascism so that the people can vote the right way for our #EU masters. #LeaveMeansLeave #leave #snp #DissolveTheUnion #Brexit #indyref2
I wonder - would it help if someone told Jeremy Corbyn that Hamas has issued a press release supporting a second referendum on #Brexit?
Merkel gave May ‘no assurances’ on Brexit deal in pre-vote phone call – POLITICO
Looks like the roadmap for Brexit
Theresa May facing crunch vote on her Brexit deal - BBC News Media playback is unsupported on your device Media captionTheresa May: "Give this deal a second look"MPs are...
Failed to think through what she planned to say, as clueless as May’s Brexit.
New from James Millar aka : If only Cameron and Osborne had joined me and listened to Scotland before Brexit
With the amount of insults the have made toward the EU in this debate. The EU should just say to the UK "keep your £39 billion, now just fuck off" #Brexit
#leavethennegotiate can we all get behind a Leave Then Negotiate “LTN” movement. A stronger deal with a desperate Europe to suit the populace can then be put into place. It is simple, practical, appeases Remainers and curbs the extremists. Also we can chill out. #Brexit #LTN
Wells Fargo, JP Morgan and Brexit Vote Challenge US Stock Markets Today
Wells Fargo, JP Morgan and Brexit Vote Challenge US Stock Markets Today -
Meanwhile, back in Blighty, May's government clutches at straws no-one else can even see..... Unreality.
Well at least when CERN eventually collapse a wormhole smack bang in the middle of Europe, Brexit will become a largely moot point
A political choice Corbyn is making by backing a hard, job destroying Brexit.
The same Liam Fox MP who said that the Brexit negotiations would be the "Easiest deal ever"?
For anyone keeping up with the Brexit vote
Nobody has been stronger than you Andrea. You have been an inspiration to the Brexit cause
So let me get this straight - your argument for Brexit is: -The EU might be a little worse off, but we will be worse off than them? -Give money to China and everyone drives sub-standard vehicles? Honestly, mate, go take a long look in the mirror. What a joke.
1.1480-90 area was strong resistance last week as well as on previous spikes high in $EURUSD let's see if it can get there before #BREXIT fireworks
Why does Michael Gove keep saying May's deal delivers on the #Brexit mandate of 2016. Did he get a different mandate from everyone else?
Theresa May will be relying on Labour MPs to help get her disastrous Brexit deal through parliament. You can lobby your Labour MP to vote down the deal here:
Highlight: British Prime Minister Theresa May faces the worst government defeat in 95 years in Brexit vote. joins to discuss: "The country for certain will be in limbo."
FX Markets Await Key Brexit Vote; DXY Index Rallies, GBP Stalls #news
Great petition - get it signed and re-tweet #Indyref2 #FBSI
In which case you will be more than happy to discuss &amp; refute the following?
We, your constituency, voted for Brexit ... we demand you do too or call a by-election No deal is better than No Brexit. #PeopleAlreadyVoted #Democracy
Brits were sold a bill of goods with Brexit, just like the Americans were with Trump!. Too bad people aren't smart enough to recognize a con when they see one!
To save Great Britain please can you become a British citizen and become our Prime Minister to save all of us from Theresa May and Brexit , much appreciated p.s bring Michelle too
He’s not in power, you are. And you aren’t doing a very good job at running the country or Brexit.
I was planning on having a Caeserean section this evening, but I'm delaying it so I can watch the Brexit vote. Such a shame it's this week of all weeks when I decided to identify not only as a woman, but a pregnant one! I'd have had a natural birth but my prostate is in the way!
BBC posts about Cox relentlessly but ignores 300,000 completely
BBC News - Brexit: Theresa May faces 'meaningful vote' on her deal
Labour love hypothetical arguments airy fairy EU deal! #Brexit
When Theresa May’s #BrexitDeal is rejected, the #Tory party need to give her “A big push” towards the nearest mental health hospital, if she still believe her dead as a dodo deal is the only option. #RevokeArticle50 #GeneralElections2019
I think the oxygen was being absorbed by your socks! :) Do us all a favour and kick that Corbyn off the benches and take back control of the Labour party #notmylabour #brexit
If ever a tweet summed up Blackford trying to protect the future for young people all across the UK asks for Labour help in defeating Tories Labour blow kisses, pathetic!
Some of these speeches today are farcical. might as well do a handstand and let his arse do the talking! #Brexit
Watched brexit: the uncivil war last night and cried again just like I did on July 16th 2016
Japan's Norinchukin bank to open Amsterdam unit, due to Brexit - #Amsterdam #News
Was at Westminster earlier. Not sure of the Welsh for Brexit is Bollocks but that...
As for beige, we will see. There is a surge in nationalism across Europe. Collapse of Yugoslavia shows dangers of ethnic mixing. When it goes wrong, it can become ethnic cleansing. People are genuinely angry and I fear foreigners may be targeted if Brexit is frustrated.
I strongly disagree. There's only one solution to people being too ignorant to know the difference between fact and fiction. Education. The vast majority of the people are uninformed, misinformed or uninterested. Until this changes, we're screwed. Brexit and Trump.
How well do you remember before the EU really? Life was good for more people than it will be after Brexit. You throw away the future of my kids based on some nostalgia fuelled pipe dream if you like but don't expect those who will actually suffer the consequences to do so.
Where is the cancel #Brexit option ?
you're backstop is in the news!
Theresa May 'did not even ask Brussels to scrap the backstop', Arlene Foster claims
God. This is boring. Why do MPs love ‘mooing’ so much #Brexit
Another Brexit blow for May
Thank God for , otherwise we would be the No.1 laughing stock for the rest of the World! #BrexitDay #Brexit
"FX Markets Await Key Brexit Vote; DXY Index Rallies, GBP Stalls"
We do a lot of our own stories and coverage of big issues such as Brexit nearly always move the story forward. We will look at updating the website more in Ireland but for now we are a morning edition.
And her deal, she missed that bit. Brexit is the threat to their precious union.
Government 'sneaks out' £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote
Theresa May gave a speech asking MPs to back her Brexit deal in a factory awarded £429,000 by the EU
Brexit vote: what could happen next? via
Hey yourself, mate. Isn't today bloody weird? I want to go back to cat videos, baby pandas and a cute internet for a bit. Between Brexit and TRA it's all a bit horrible
news link kabar trending China, Brexit, Australian Open: Your Tuesday Briefing: Let us help you start your day. no porn porno jav ok bukan asia sex diary
I honestly don't think there's another person on this planet that I dislike more than .
Translation - the #ukgov must stop democracy and bring in fascism so that the people can vote the right way for our #EU masters. #LeaveMeansLeave #leave #snp #DissolveTheUnion #Brexit #indyref2
This was a great dumb idea. #Brexit
And so they should be! They now get what they deserve. Davis: German industry 'very afraid' of No Deal Brexit
British Member of Parliament Postponed Baby Birth to Vote on Brexit deal
I’m commenting again, because I love nothing more than hours of debate on Brexit...
British Member of Parliament Postponed Baby Birth to Vote on Brexit deal...
We've got less than 24 hours left to stop Theresa May's bad Brexit deal. If we work together we can end this mess and get a People's Vote. Sign up at
On the day of the #BrexitVote, here's my essay in on #Brexit and the Latvian centenary #LV100:
this is probably the most important vote of your lifetime. As your constituent I am contacting you to tell you I want you to vote against the #brexit deal offered today by brexit will permanently damage every facet of British life #remain #iloveeu
if she said it again and called the remainers bluff she could stay on as PM
It's a huge day for Brexit but the divorce deal appears doomed
When all is said and done on brexit, I hope that the Tories are punished hard in the next general election. They have created a mess from their own inability to form good policy. Such a party shouldn't be allowed to govern.
so now what? Brexit or not
‘Brexit is bad. Immigrants make Britain great. They also cooked and served your food today’ says the till receipt at the Westminster Grill reports . Restaurant near Parliament putting anti-Brexit slogans on receipts
This is a very useful page:
*my mom giving me her nuanced take on Brexit* "Why don't they just be like, we tried it was too complicated, let's just forget it?"
Reminds me of a certain David Cameron tweet.
look at him. he's so sick of all this brexit bollocks.
Is it “ to may be or to maybe not” that the question.
Interesting to see this outside perspective
I agree with Kirsty. What are the brexiters afraid of? Losing. Of course, they'll lose. #StopBrdxot #PeoplesVote #RevokeA50 #FBPE
Brexit vote: What could happen next? #Brexit #BrexitVote
Are You Looking For Photo editing e-commerce service design (ClippingPath, #RemoveBackground,#PhotoRetouch, ghostmannequin/Neckjoint, masking, #Shadow,etc)? Contact-
queen
Woz at bargain booze gettin some carling coz I’ve bin banned from asda when some poofter asks if I want some dark froots. Red mist descends, steam starts flying out of ears. Brexit chokeslam him through the counter. Nick his wallet and carling and fled the scene
Would a Brexit deal bring a bounce for unloved UK shares?
It would have been if this clusterfuck brexit hadn't happened!
Strange, I've read no reports of the UK ripping up the Paris Agreement or revoking the Kyoto Protocol. Maybe can enlighten.
Tinkering with Brexit won’t work. “The best choice by far is to stop the clock and consult the public, as a majority of voters now want.”
They won't.
Shows the (poor) value of these various polls, but this is nonetheless quite realistic and reaffirms what several other polls have concluded.
Of course as any one who invests, there is a strict warning that past performance should not reflect what the future may bring #BrexitShambles #WithdrawalAgreement James O'Brien's Unmissable Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote - LBC
*katie voice* BREXIT
Worth a listen #MEP P. Lamberts Greens defending the Good Friday Agreement (#GFA)- has not #UK reputation any good to be seen not to take GFA seriously. For many in Europe that alone should have precluded #Brexit
#Brexit: The jargon explained
“Hilary Benn, the Labour chair of the Commons Brexit committee, is speaking now. He says he thinks article 50 will have to be extended.”
BBC posting Cox over and over but not once did they mention:
Usual bloody drivel .... cant sort out nhs, uk , brexit or any of that but lets protect ‘open’ societies,am I allowed to deny holocaust ?? Or say that Gove and his ilk r islamophobic; Or that prevent is a nonsense ... do people know what words ‘get monitored’ by open societies ?
An actual MP saying 'one vote is not really going to make a difference'. This may be a different kind of vote but the point still stands: Your vote is your say, each vote is as important as the last.
You might mention this instead of keep talking to leave voters who are out of touch with what's happening.
Festival of Brexit Britain starts prematurely #BrexitVote
Quite canny in their approach I think. Theresa May constantly alters her position, but thinks her political backers will never alter theirs. I think the principal of propping up the government, but not the PM is kind of genius. ;-)
British industrial giant announces a massive new investment in ... ... Belgium. Thanks Brexiters! #BrexitVote
The recent Survation poll had Remain at 51%. If there's a General Election and Labour oppose #Brexit, that 51% will be shared between Labour, Lib Dems, SNP, Plaid Cymru and Greens. Meanwhile, the Tories would have the 49% all to themselves.
James O'Brien's Unmissable Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote - LBC
The deal with Brexit is only till 31 Dec 2020
Debate begins on historic Brexit vote in UK Parliament
Future Of Theresa May's Brexit Deal, And Brexit Itself, Hinges On Pivotal Vote
"Parliament to vote on May's Brexit deal"
#Remain aka #SoftBrexit forces have brought about the current crisis by not respecting the #EUref decision to #Leave. Given her failure to negotiate a sensible #Brexit Agreement, it’s time for her to resign &amp; for to be PM and get on with the #CleanBrexit. #ukpoli
we’re really just in a race to the bottom against the UK
Brexit can suck my tit
Feeling excited about #Gpsbehindcloseddoors on tonight! Sod the Brexit vote!
Whatever your political persuasion, he is right
Raab: In law we Brexit on 29th March 2019
HILARY BENN WANTS EU REFORM INSTEAD OF BREXIT DREAM ON The eight EU reforms David Cameron wants from Brussels
Which is actually good for May... As she can go back to the EU. And say give up the backstops. Or brexit. And No Deal.. Parliment has voted on your deal. And said no.
Theresa May facing crunch vote on her Brexit deal
Hilary Benn talking bollocks about 17.4 million leave voters Half of them were well-off older people in towns and villages in the south where no foreigners have been see since the 1950s. #brexit #brexitvote
Honestly I do not understand the point of Norway option. It does reinstate FOM but it makes us rule takers - not better than the status quo. And they don’t want us to come into this group anyway. I think Norway is a distraction from the fact that any #Brexit leaves is worse off
despite all his bluster and bellowing it is a still a bad deal and he knows it . It is in efffect BREXIT IN NAME ONLY and BOTH THIS DEAL AND REMAIN and EEA and EFTA is not taking back control
If #Brexit has done something, it has woken a lot of people up. Social media shows people do care about democracy.
Concerns Brexit uncertainties will drag on
The end of the Conservative Party ?? Bring it on please - the sooner the better
I’ve been behind on #brexit updates, but this was a helpful updates summary. “Whatever the outcome, the vote will determine how - or whether - the UK proceeds with Brexit, and the parliament's role in that process.”
Factbox: Britain's big Brexit vote - What happens in parliament? (Reuters)
Who’s future are you looking after today ? Your constituents and your country’s or just your own? Vote down this bad deal and support a #PeoplesVote
Why would they claim joint pension credit if only one of them is a pensioner and the other is economically active?
Brexit, definitely Brexit.
Quite smug about my score of 13/15 on this...can anyone beat me? (No, we don't have a Brexit badge)
Not out of our hands until we scribe Brexit.
who wants May's job ? None of you want to sort #brexit MPs have just wasted 2yrs on this and its still not sorted #BrexitVote
Nasty kippers with the dog whistle 'give me my country back'. Frankly that alone is good enough reason not to brexit for me. We should do nothing that please or placates these shits
Based on the cask report very few. But one thing that won’t be helping any pubs/licensees is all the cost pressures of inflation, brexit, rents, minimum wage, etc. Leads to bad practices sadly, even though those pubs would do better serving a better quality product
Savills expects lower property sales as Brexit concerns take a toll on investors’ confidence
The real problem with the whole #brexit debacle is that there isn’t a positive majority for anything. So easy to say what people don’t want, but what is there a majority for? Put every option to vote for in the HoC and then see where we get to...politicians need to get a grip.
Factbox - Britain's big Brexit vote: What happens in parliament?: -
UK finance chief warns of no-deal Brexit 'catastrophe' for banking industry via
So they BLOODY SHOULD
The Bird Box sickness was actually politics. It started overseas in Russia and Eastern Europe. They say it on tv in the midst of receiving healthcare then it happens here. (Think brexit/the wall). The WW turns to BM for help, only to die protecting her. Lastly, she ends up in
BBCNEWS 7:06am BREXIT DEAL VOTE. MPs will vote tonight on proposed deal to leave EU; I Chiet Political Corresponde&lt; BREXIT DEAL...
“It has often been said of the Suez war that it was a military success and a political failure. Rather, it was a military failure and a political disaster.” via
SMMT urges MPs to 'take no deal Brexit off the table'
The latest Contract Furniture NEWS! Thanks to #fromthearchives #brexit
Now Benn, who did not remotely anticipate Brexit, is explaining to everyone what caused Brexit. "A cry of anguish" etc. Not mainly. Most people just don't like being governed from Brussels.
'It's shameful': Britons in Europe hold breath ahead of Brexit vote but more limbo awaits
Therese May's warning ahead of today's crucial Brexit vote
Where's the option for cancel Brexit?
Thank you Twitter for today promoting this newscast from 9 months ago explaining Brexit to dumb Americans
All you need to know about the Brexit vote #BrexitVote
#wells #fargo, #jp #morgan and #brexit #vote #challenge us #stock #markets #today #instabtc #btc #ripplenews #trading #cryptocurrencymarket #cryptocurrencymarket #coinbase #FreeCoin #trading $JPY $BTCUSD #markets
Deal = bad. No deal, still brexit = terrible. Stay in EU = good, but likely riots etc.
No Brexit. #RevokeA50
Your Daily Dose of Financial News by | 1.15.2019 - Today's Top Story: Brexit Plan Vote #Brexit #PGE #1MDB #RMBS #Gannett #DeepWork #RewritingTheOdds
No easy way out. Even a second referendum is a world of its own- both in normative and practical terms... #Brexit #MeaningfulVote #SecondReferendum
Drug firms preparing for no-deal Brexit told to sign 'gagging orders'
"Who needs sleep, eh?" &lt;--- on what it's like to cover today's Brexit cliffhanger
"May readies for historic Brexit defeat" #honestheadlines #bbcnews #Brexit
Indeed. Brexit is either his fault or Willian! Killing the rain forest - blame Alonso or Morata or Willian. And don’t start me on climate change or Trump!
There may be a Brexit metaphor in here somewhere...!
Some of the Brexit vox pops today have been totally nuts. Clip of a woman saying something like, 'If they don't get it through I will never ever ever ever vote for anything again,' on the radio. WTF, love?
Peak Brexit
BREXIT : today is MAYDAY-MAYDAY!
This week will determine whether some of the economic damage from the Brexit decision can be reversed... or will get worse via
“If we’re not careful we won’t actually #Brexit” being delivered in a parental tone like if we’re not careful Christmas will be cancelled! No! Christmas is nice. This is DENTAL EXTRACTION!! #NoBrexit
Lib Dems vs Brexit Joan Walmsley: The people must have an informed choice
Brexit amendment that might have limited PM's losses is rejected
any #socialwelfare tied to your relationship status is actually putting strain on any relationship. I have given up on this simplehuman drive, because I would not only be a mental burden but a financial one as well. #BasicIncome
As Parliament does its thing today, this dog’s face sums up the mood of the British people watching. #BrexitVote #Brexit
One for those in the UK who take extension of Article 50 for granted
Attn
Wait... isn't there a party that's banging on about a 'permanent customs union and close single market alignment' ? One that hasn't confused austerity with migration and can thus make the case for FoM? Maybe i imagined it? #JC4PM2019 #NoPVYesGE
Or is it just that football is largely run by wealthy old white men, and so is Brexit?
It’s like a cult or something the SNP would do
Accepting the Brexit gig reveals everything we need to know about the political nous of Dominic Raab.
The brexit issue is there big concern now
A polite request from Europe: wake us up when you know what you want from Brexit | Joris Luyendijk
The House of Commons is preparing to RESOLVE the BREXIT agreement. Opposition wants ANTICIPATED elections
I’m glad my MP is going to be voting against Teresa May’s Brexit Deal. To make it clear I’m against all forms of Brexit but I do feel that Europe needs to reform to make it more relevant to ordinary people. Remain but Reform, that’s my slogan in a 2nd referendum.
LIVE: PM vows to respond 'quickly' as she faces huge #Brexit deal defeat
While at the same time get police to hassle pro brexit hecklers and protesters
I liked a video MPs debate Theresa May's Brexit deal ahead of vote
You DO NOT EVER SPEAK FOR LEAVERS -&gt; We speak for ourselves. You heard us in June 2016. We WILL NOT compromise. You never did. You insulted, attacked and demeaned us. You continue to attack our democracy. Shame on you. #Brexit #BrexitVote #StandUp4Brexit
#Remain aka #SoftBrexit forces have brought about the current crisis by not respecting the #EUref decision to #Leave. Given her failure to negotiate a sensible #Brexit Agreement, it’s time for her to resign &amp; for to be PM and get on with the #CleanBrexit. #ukpoli
Is serious about #EU reforming? #DavidCameron came back with a flea in his ear when he tried which is we are where we are in #Brexit.
Couldn't agree more but the alternatives aren't appealing either
Brexit's failings makes a great case for technocracy. The last 3yrs + current constitutional crisis suggest that things our country relies on - economy, trade, immigration, NHS, security, nuclear - are too essential to let incompetent &amp; extremist MPs wreck them. #BrexitVote
Brexit vote: MPs told they face choice between order and 'chaos'. Where have we heard that before???
David Squires on … football spying and Neil Warnock's Brexit views
It might be the last good sleep you get if brexit-geddon destroys everything. Lol
All economic models show a negative impact on the economy, ergo it's hard to argue that is going to be beneficial for the poorer in society? surely? Besides, the Tories own brexit and they love poverty.
EU confirms no UK MEPs means default Brexit 2 July latest. New ref ruled out by timescale
Check out our cake supplies we sell at the shop. Always a special offer on. 3 for 2 on all colours. #moulds #cakesupplies #bargains #exeter #localsupplier #happytohelp #cheap #win #brexit #yes
"All of this has happened before and will happen again..."
so you didn't hear about how russian propaganda influenced the brexit vote? do you feel any shame that a goddamn yank knows more about your politics than you?
An armed police officer delivered doughnuts to Downing Street and people made the same Brexit joke
You fucking centrists. Fucking constantly pandering to bigots, while presuming to advise anybody vaguely left of you on *sensible* behaviour. 2+ years after Brexit, &amp; you've still learned absolutely nothing. You appeasing bullshitters.
For anyone unsure of what the *heck* will happen in Parliament tonight, this explains how things will play out ft. all the amendments selected by Bercow:
interestingly, May’s “two questions in one” can only ever have opposite answers. Brexit chaos in a nutshell.
The standard argument when people point out the public have been bullshitted by politicians being dragged out again "I don't think the electorate are that stupid" No one's saying they are but they can only use the information they're given. #BrexitMeansBullshit
Is voting for Mrs May more about potentially avoiding an election to keep your MPs pay &amp; perquisites?
Eurosceptic is not the same as pro Brexit. Thats the biggest lie of whole thing. Im sceptical of lots of what the EU now does. It needs to be reformed. But like Corbyn said, on more than one occasion, the benefits outweighed the cons. Hence why he and I both wanted to remain.
yeh look at France because the agenda is being smashed look at italy the agenda is being smashed look at Hungary the agenda is being smashed look at BREXIT the agenda is being smashed
“May’s Sunday night phone call with Angela Merkel was a productive one, and that Merkel will help her soften up the backstop — perhaps even by inserting an end date — after the “blood letting” of tonight’s vote.”
I was about to question his parenthood myself :-) #Brexit #LeaveMeansLeave #BrexitVote #newsnight
I think I am changing my mind on Brexit. I used to think it was a clusterfuck, but listening to our esteemed leaders I've been convinced that it is actually an utter clusterfuck.
No Deal No People Vote Leave, Leave, Leave
No, this isn't NewsThump. "Brexiteer MP calls on Theresa May to suspend parliament until April in order to "guarantee Brexit"" via
Will brexit ever end.
I've started stockpiling for Brexit.
NOBODY voted for a #BRINO!
Fair enough, although I thought the Mad Hatter was Rees-Mogg.....
The devastating future for Welsh manufacturing predicted by a Brexit economist
Brits could get unified EU-residency rights under no-deal Brexit. By . #Brexit #residency #NoDealBrexit Read it here:
#jacobreesmogg being a feckless, pompous ass again! Won't take responsibility for the mess he and the other monied #breiterrs have caused! #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote #StopBrexitSaveBritain Television host to Jacob Rees-Mogg: ‘This is all your fault!’
typical Politic s , lies , Porkies Stupidity , one thing , #May has shown a lot of Courage , trying to get #Brexit across the line even though she has the Opposite view . Labor would not have a Clue , Boris is Hopeless , just a lot Fluff , no backbone , best of luck Britain ,
via AfD Tones Down Dexit Ideas in EU Elections Manifesto Amid Brexit Uncertainty
please note &gt;
Predicted food shortages. That's a no-meal Brexit!
Brexit vote: MPs told they face choice between order and 'chaos' as May heads for huge defeat - Politics live
Good Old Sunderland - 70% No deal polling - no messing about and no changing of minds
Brexit amendment that might have limited PM's losses is rejected
We won’t forget your betrayal in 2022’s next election (or sooner as is likely)
Did just suggest that the #EU should consider reform (as a sign of good leadership) to prevent other countries from considering leaving? #Brexit
Not just Brexit being discussed in today. Just popped into Westminster Hall for a debate on Local Government Funding. Won’t get to speak due to number of MPs already into do so, but attending shows support. #BoostTorbay #TorbayHour
Arlene Foster just said "There never was a hard border in Ireland." Tip for UK readers: she's lying to you because she thinks you're thick or won't check - like all Brexiteers she's forced to lie because her position is ridiculous. Naturally this thread is not going well for her.
Finally got a response from - still cannot fathom why thinks it can win an election at this stage with the polling consistent across the board. Call for and that would flip over night! #DecisionDay #Brexit
You won't get that. If anything Brexit reduces the ability of the UK to meaningfully act. Sure there a *few* of trade related things the UK government will become solely responsible for, but the power to act meaningfully reduced (and anyway lost again at first treaty signed).
Some thoughts on keeping UK HE attached to the world after #Brexit from
What I feel. The first time I heard someone say it out loud in public. So far not a single person of knowledge has offered me guidance on the problem I have with the word `unequivocal` in the ECJ verdict. noone has answered my question about who will judge, if we were sincere.
Getting worried that the cash cow (UK) is on its way out . Brexit quick as you can .
That’s the problem Europeans coming over here with their cheating ways we won the World Cup can’t brexit fast enough football has not cheating in England before Europe take back control xxx
I spoke in the House of Commons last night on the #EUwithdrawal debate, a pivotal parliamentary moment. "My fear is Brexit will become the biggest domestic policy disaster this country has ever known." Read &amp; watch my speech here with thanks
#Brexit Comedy can lose it's humour after a while. In all my days, I've never seen anything so unimportant, so pointless, so fkn barmy. Nobody cares you absolute, soulless, brain-dead morons. We don't care, either way, you posh idiots!
Jacob Rees-Mogg makes so many TV appearances yet never gets this much grief from interviewers.
The Speaker has just impose a five minute limit for backbench contributions. The former Brexit Secretary of a brief period, Dominic Raab is speaking.
Immigration worries drove the Brexit vote. Then attitudes changed. - The Washington Post via
we know you have already stated your support for the PMs deal but it's not too late, vote against the deal tonight and get a #PeoplesVote
This country is out of fashion and out of touch with the rest of the country the Scottish Independence, European Election and Brexit Referendum results should’ve been a wake up call
, fancy some pips post Brexit vote? The fear in me has locked out my account and reduced me to a mere spectator today
Future Of Theresa May's Brexit Deal, And Brexit Itself, Hinges On Pivotal Vote +1 EuroBot #Europe #news
amazing the English voted for Brexit and sold a a story without the facts and were also lied to. NHS payments of 200 ml paid back and no mention of borders with Ireland and its impact
Brexit vote: Decision day for Theresa May’s deal as UK Parliament holds key vote
Hi, tweaking my book, while I listen to Brexit debate and trying to think. On some days I don't write a word and just think and overthink. TV needs to be turned off as it's just distracting background noise, until now. Tomorrow, hopefully, more constructive with no politics x
Global Markets Mixed Ahead Of UK Brexit Vote #EURUSD #GBPUSD #Brexit
British Ports Association statement ahead of Brexit Vote
Two brilliant speeches in the House of Commons on #Brexit, one from and one from Kenneth Clarke. What a shame that both sit on the backbenches.
Brexit voted by people whose ancestors benefited from British imperialism
Me after hearing #ArleneFoster say "there has never been a hard border in Northern Ireland". #Brexit
Parliament debates and votes on May's Brexit deal
Isn't that just cause they thought they were getting rid of the foreigners?
The unheard Tory Mantra that reverberates within Downing St Any BREXIT At any COST With shameless disregard for the damage to the UK &amp; its people Poorer UK economic decline less control &amp; sovereignty 'The Tory Brexit Prize' A healthy democracy will judge ALL those responsible
We are not afraid. Brexit 1975 MP Peter Shore attacks Project Fear via
not often I will agree with Bill Cash but YES she should resign and non of those Cabinet minsiters past or present party to this fiasco should NOT be considered to be considered for the vacancy, they have helped destroy our nation.
We don’t need to ask the EU for anything. May is a deep state traitor who must be put out of her miserable existence as PM straight after her humongous defeat tonight. Then we TELL the EU to do one. Brexit delivered in a nutshell. And vote out every one of you EU loving MPs
Faced with rising oil prices, Brexit and air traffic control strikes, the good times may soon be over for airlines, says Gary Noakes
#CAGEurope CANADA STOCKS-TSX opens higher as energy shares gain #ReutersCES #EU #BusinessNews #Finance #Brexit
you dont know what a cheese string is? youve crossed me for the last time brexit means brexit
[REUTERS] UK parliament likely to vote on May's Brexit plan around 2000 GMT |
[REUTERS] UK parliament likely to vote on May's Brexit plan around 2000 GMT |
Lol @ Boreham Wood being pure Brexit
POLITICO Brexit Files: The big vote — ‘Glistening cherries’ — Ex or eg? – POLITICO
Pound May Celebrate Brexit Deal Defeat as US Dollar Gains on PPI #forextrading #trader
Good words fromThe Palace.
There are bigger issue's than Wagner leaving Cat i agree.. there are also bigger issues than worrying about Immigrants.. Once Brexit has happened, the refugee problem will disipate into nothingness... #MEGA WWG1WGA.
Can Parliament stop a no-deal Brexit?
Brexit: How will MPs vote? - BBC News
Hear from Gartner on how to prepare for #Brexit and why organizations should do so now — regardless of the final position. #CIO #SupplyChain #Strategy #News #Legal #HR
Just a reminder, Dominic Raab was the Brexit minister for about 4 months.
Labour Shadow Ministers Clive Lewis And Marsha De Cordova Back Second Brexit Referendum
Please delete Brexit and delete your government
the UK is in absolute shambles? biggest debate of the entirety of Brexit and there's no fuckers turned up. #BrexitVote
Is there anyone we can trust to help us fathom the intricacies of Brexit? has published a guide to the top 50 political journalists #media
Some more timings and details on the Brexit vote here:
A casualty of Brexit for me is trust in . Sammy often bends facts and truth to suit what he’s talking about. He is often in error and frequently disrespects NI voters. Most interviewers either don’t know the facts or let them go. Watching more and
Fine. But what was the number 1 or 2 reason people voted to Leave the EU? (Btw I've long been a cautious proponent of the Norway model. But, unlike half the country, it seems, I respect the reasons people voted for Brexit. Ending FOM.)
via UK parliament likely to vote on May's Brexit plan around 2000 GMT Reuters World News
New story on NPR: Future Of Theresa May's Brexit Deal, And Brexit Itself, Hinges On Pivotal Vote
via Factbox: Britain's big Brexit vote - What happens in parliament? Reuters World News
She'll vote down Theresa May's Brexit deal tonight (unless there's an emergency) and heavily pregnant will be back if needed tomorrow to vote no confidence in the Government. #BrexitVote
"creative thinking" = pissed.
Hopefully a comic of comparable brilliance will one day be made about our current Brexit drama. But who could possibly draw it as well as Christophe Blain?
BBCNEWS 7:08am BREXIT DEAL VOTE. MPs will vote tonight on proposed deal to leave EU; I run-m1- »... unw-. MPs will vote tonight...
"It’s now time for MP’s to do their jobs and do their duty and firstly vote NO. Then they must get ready to unite the whole of the UK by working night and day on a new Brexit deal...or be prepared to walk away with a NO DEAL in July"...says the National League club. Me neither.
Our remain parliament only ever pretended to believe in #Brexit. A handful of MPs have been honourable and remained true to their manifesto promises. The rest simply made fraudulent use of their manifestos just to renew their employment contract.
Defeat? No Rout? yes Utter humiliation is certain. And STILL the blind armour-plated rhinoceros will continue in office, charging up her dead-end. In the opposite direction to free trade and Brexit.
Merkel won't help: Berlin denies sweetening Brexit deal ahead of seemingly doomed vote in Parliament #
Why say all this now it should have been said by your colleagues in government all the way through the Brexit process we're not called Great Britain for nothing!
Sunday – Brexit – Food and Farming – Can Scotland feed itself post Brexit?
Keir's consistent focus : the causes of the Brexit vote.
In GE2017 my city removed a Tory + elected a fighting Remainer MP with the express intention of stopping you + Brexit. You lost your majority. So where do you get off telling elected MPs that they are thwarting the will of the people ?
We're hiring! Shake off the January job blues and come and work with us on , the 's #RealBritain column and a new Brexit project One year contract based anywhere in UK
13/15. #brexit the gift that keeps on giving joyous quizzes.
Delingpole: Theresa May‘s Deal Is Toast; So Probably Is Brexit via
Maya Lester QC will be speaking on 'sanctions post-Brexit' at BPP 2019 Sanctions Forum in Edinburgh on 30th January
See a lot of Brexit support with veiled (and not so veiled) hints as to effect of immigration on this country. All we seem to have done is switch EU immigration for non-EU immigration. Was always gonna happen. It’s down to Government to control this with the power they always had
Meet The New Brexit 'Doomsday Preppers': Housewives Stockpiling Food And Medicine | Zero Hedge
THE REFERENDUM WAS THE ESCAPE CHOICE FROM THE EU PIRATES
On my way to TVN24BIS studios to talk about today's historic House of Commons vote on Brexit. What next?
Disappointing to learn that MP for S.E. Cambridgeshire is expected to vote in support of Mrs May’s Brexit deal. Won’t get my vote in next GE
You don’t mean to say that finally the penny has dropped with the non-Corbynistas and they’ve realised the public is unhappy with their politicking over #Brexit?
Alternatif link:
Big day for the UK today. That said, I’m not sure today’s vote makes too much difference in the grand scheme of things. May probably loses and comes back Friday with the same plan. I still think the markets will ultimately decide what #Brexit looks like!
FX Markets Await Key Brexit Vote; DXY Index Rallies, GBP Stalls #Forex #ForexTrading #AIM
Excellent speech. I wish that all MPs would listen to you and follow your call for a sensible way out of the Brexit shambles for all in UK. I fear they will not. Scotland has to save itself by wrenching away from Westminster. Scottish Independence ASAP.
Make that palladium producers. “We see a sizeable physical deficit in palladium. Fundamentally, demand is also strong,” Newman said, adding that prices could continue to strengthen through 2019.
Disorderly Brexit a ‘real risk’ to labour market, warns employment minister #BrexitDeal #recruitment
John Fenty will be releasing a statement on Brexit in the next few minutes
Alert: Brexit Vote Chaos only the most important news.
Why is it that supposed grown men feel the need to insult. Had some old remainers on heat that has a totally different opinion to mine on the Brexit/remain view. Obviously we are never going to agree so he then resorts to insults and pathetic remarks.
James O'Brien's Unmissable Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote - LBC
Supper b4 watching Brexit vote debate.
Your only a tourist mate so who cares. I blame Brexit personally XD
Well eu is run by the super rich who wants a super continent, in a policed state run by armed forces and a central bank and currency so they can control the population Brexit only slows that process but i reckon these elite will get their way long-term
And almost every question in the article can be accommodated within the EU. Anti Immigration rhetoric is the nuts and bolts of Brexit. From your article 54% overall support for the 100k immigration limit significantly higher amongst leave voters. A lot of people were lied to.
Expecting demand boom, Samskip introduces pre-Brexit peak surcharge
Palace are winners just like the Brexit voters. COYP
You don’t care if us poor plebs get shafted by a deal Brexit, because you’re a multi-millionaire psychopath, you WMD.
Didn't trust to start with!
When is the vote on Theresa May's Brexit deal? -
Sadly, my MP is Adam Holloway and he's the very epitome of an interactive tool.
Three hours till the end of Theresa May's political career. #Brexit
Putin is trying to weaken the western alliances and using nationalism as his main tool. Hence Trump and Brexit. Stop it already!
Brexit at risk if lawmakers vote down deal. #BrexitVote #BrexitDeal #Brexit
Government ‘sneaks out’ £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote
I didn't vote Remain for the reasons you outline, although it would seem insane to take a course of action that would make many of us poorer and jobless for no perceivable benefit. BTW Brexit linked job losses are 200k+ and £800bn has left London already.
Brexit: Travelling to the EU with a UK passport - Skyscanner News #UK #Travel
The Boles bill would see the liaison committee taking control of Brexit process if PM’s deal is defeated
I switched off English speaking radio to get away from the reality of the day and BR Klassik is telling listeners it is playing nice piano music to calm your Brexit anxiety
Brexit mou
Tonight I will be voting down Theresa May's bad Brexit deal. It fails to meet the promises made in the referendum and settles nothing. #BrexitVote #VoteDownTheDeal
The USA negotiating a trade deal with post Brexit Britain. Guess which is Britain.
. just try and remember just how many of your constituents backed remain and actually do what &amp; want you to.
If they try to foist a second Brexit referendum on us, there will be public disorder and angry crowds at every polling station stopping people from entering. Things will get very, very ugly indeed, and, whatever the result, this country will be scarred forever.
Actual British person explains what's happening with the Brexit vote
The EU is the source of many problems but not all of them are realised by many Brexit supporters. The real issue for me is democracy. Brexit voters will have voted for a host of reasons. Bringing down the failing establishment is one of them
The Remain campaign literally didn't stop going on about the economic damage it would do:
This week will determine whether some of the economic damage from the Brexit decision can be reversed... or will get worse via
FxWirePro: Brexit vote might provide directional cues as retail sentiment falls to neutral before event
What a truly stunningly stupid statement. Brexit was supposed to be about “bringing back sovereignty “ so when the Sovereign Parliament decides it is not happy with the decisions of the Executive it’s corrupt? No that’s the actual sovereignty in action.
Our tally of those Tory MPs opposing the deal now stands at 76.
Airfreight could ease Brexit bottlenecks...
Geoffrey Cox speaking from the dispatch box for 30 minutes but turning around and addressing his own backbenches. Says it all really #BrexitVote
Find out what said in today's #StatesAssembly meeting about preparations for #JerseyCI in the run up to #Brexit, and implications in the coming weeks and months #ReadyBrex
I built a life for myself in the UK, now Brexit has unravelled it
Why is this woman always getting naked in public? Not the first time I’ve seen her in the nude, unfortunately. Keep your clothes on, lady
#BREXIT WRECKING! Bercow blocks key amendments
I don't trust the Lib Dems. Should you even trust yourselves? You love Europe, PR and your party and by going into coalition with the Tories you harmed all 3. Tory lite, you let in the Brexit Chaos.
With just over two months to go until the scheduled Brexit date of March 29, Britain is still bitterly divided over what should happen next and the only suspense over the vote is the scale of May’s defeat.
Outside Parliament feeling strangely emotional. Watching hundreds of cold and probably hungry officers and can relate to that. Watching protesters that I may not agree with but welcome the democracy that gives this right. Really feeling the enormity of Brexit.
The entire trade argument is a red herring. Brexit is not about a trade deal. It’s about who makes the laws we have to live by. Trade is a smokescreen for the consolidation of unaccountable political power and the disenfranchisement of the nuisance formerly known as the voter.
Just brilliant!
My prediction is he will do whatever is good for a no deal Brexit. The Corbynista are under the impression they need Brexit to smash the economy so they can bring about a socialist one party state! Scary stuff, they want to smash all four UK nations to bring about Marxism.
New customs declaration could make bad Brexit worse for pharma manufacturers:
Last night I challenged the Government's (latest) Brexit Secretary about the votes on the PM's deal tonight. It's clear that the best deal on offer is the one we currently have as a member of the EU, and that more democracy is just that - more democracy. #PeoplesVote
In fact I doubt Brexit would exist as everyone I speak to says it was primarily immigration that forced their vote to leave the EU, hoping to regain control of our borders
Referee
Theresa May facing crunch vote on her Brexit deal -
The headline is perfectly clear. 70% say they want no-deal brexit.
Listen sad dick khan dont tell the voters up north whats needed we know and we voted for it keep your nose out you twat
You can turn on my notifications if you wish to keep informed about the important political matters, news and updates throughout this afternoon and tonight in regards to Brexit, Theresa May, Jeremy Corbyn and the political parties. #BrexitVote #Brexit #Deal #NoDeal
And again, what about the other 60%? The big question for me with the Labour leave voters is why they voted to leave. If it’s because of austerity, or the NHS, or housing, or education, then perhaps address those directly rather than by Brexit (which actually harms them).
She’s fucking mentally challenged ye know, she really is!!
Total circus outside Parliament. Everybody protesting about everything, and mostly amongst each other. Just like inside. #Brexit
A clearer view of Brexit than in any British paper I’ve reads.
i honestly am gobsmacked over what is going on in westminster right now, despite the wishes of the british people, Mays Brexit deal completely fucks us all over, so no deal, no fucking deal!
Will of the people For the many #PeoplesVote
I am now going to *have* to get doughnuts on the way home and it is all Brexit's fault.
Top #consulting firms rake in £75 million for #Brexit preparations! Great news from #smeuk #uk #insurance #finance #business #eu #europe
John Major makes sense, inter alia, attrition of protagonists and antagonists, and geopolitics plus pending trump lunacy recession / depression. Brexit on ice is Major's wise counsel and should not be ignored.
#jacobreesmogg just got hammered
If the Brexit issue has shown anything up it’s how out of date the political system has become and totally unfit for the for the 21st Century. It shows how appalling are the MPs and we should demand less MPs and better quality! A requirement to be able to speak would be good
Don’t fall for Theresa May’s threats of her deal or no deal. That’s simply her trying to initiate + bully people into voting for her terrible deal. Theresa May won’t allow a No Deal to go through because it will destroy the Conservative party. #BrexitVote #Brexit #Deal #NoDeal
I would #Brexit his arse
An armed police officer delivered doughnuts to Downing Street and people made the same Brexit joke
James O'Brien's Unmissable Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote - LBC
&amp; You Sir, need to shut up! Your the petulant child in this statement! Agree to £39 billion for nothing! Stop Behaving Like 'Children' And Back PM's Brexit Deal, Attorney General Tells MPs Sent via
Wise words
I see you met a cultist. They say they care about the worse off but vote for Brexit which makes them ....worse off. That’s why anyone I’ve ever met that’s successful is not hard left Corbynista
A polite request from Europe: wake us up when you know what you want from Brexit | Joris Luyendijk
Obscure pro-Brexit group spends tens of thousands on Facebook ads
What's thwarted Brexit is the criminal cheating by the Leave campaigns and their shady proxies. If the results of the referendum had been won fairly then your argument would carry weight. Criminals should never profit from the proceeds of their crimes.
Brilliant speech (again) by on Brexit. Wish he was Labour leader.
You are not going to BELIEVE what I've been writing about -
Hard Brexit expected to hit Danish bacon, butter exports to Britain
should take note of that 17.1 million whom stated clearly that wanted brexit
Showdown im Unterhaus via
POLITITIONS have caused chaos in the first place...retards all of them
Who had Silvio Dante from The Sopranos as anti-Brexit in the sweepstakes?
Brexit amendment that might have limited PM's losses is rejected
idk why im not doing anything is it because 1)back to work tomorrow and this is such a sunday feel or 2)i feel like i can¨t do shit until i know the brexit verdict?? like is there even any point?
Germany says EU ready to talk if UK rejects Brexit deal | Article [AMP] | Reuters
Brexit: Six things EU could do if Theresa May's deal gets voted down
The latest 9NEWS Colorado Roundup! #brexit #goavsgo
After these comments I am astonished if anyone in the House of Commons votes for the existing #Brexit agreement. &gt; Brexit: Maas: Weitere Brexit-Gespräche bei Ablehnung des Austrittsvertrags via
Make sense of the Brexit debate by scrapping the Leave v Remain polarisation or some notion of Left v Right. This is a 3 way issue: Lexit &lt;--&gt; Remain &lt;--&gt; Brexit There are right wing reasons for Remain (see Cameron, Osborne, May, Johnson (pre-u-turn etc.) &amp; legitimate progressive
Politicians should be challenged, should be forced to back their own assertions and have their feathers ruffled. JRM has been a huge figure in the Brexit debate , he refused to back up his claims when put on the spot . had every right to push for answers .
Brexit: where does our industry stand? and where do you stand?
Strange bedfellows Brexit certainly is that .
UK parliament likely to vote on May's Brexit plan around 2000 GMT
no overnight positions for me with this brexit vote noise.... impossible to predict outcome and market reaction #ALSI
Well there you go a privileged lifestyle trying to tell poor people how they’ll suffer under Brexit????
#Brexit Games Mean Brexit
Brexit: where does our industry stand? and where do you stand?
I'm sick to the back teeth of these dick heads trying to stop brexit, we democratically voted to leave the EU with a majority of over 1.2 million people, you all scream and shout about democracy until a vote doesn't go your way. Suck it up, stop winging and accept the result.
If Brexit has taught you anything, I would have hoped it has taught you and all of not to make unsubstantiated claims. If you’re going to offer independent European nationhood, I want to know in advance how that’s going to work. No speculation - hard facts only, please.
Brexit latest polling: Public hate Theresa May's deal - but still back leaving' | via
You can be watching the all cricket match from this website get this link let enjoy the match Thanks
Hitler lols
Forgot to mention the ridiculous lying Sun article
Because Tory and Labour.
Erm starts with bell finishes with end!!!
AfD tones down Dexit ideas in EU elections manifesto amid #Brexit uncertainty
Subscribe Here to get a few chapters for FREE from the book Please #RT #gold #silver #stocks #trading #trades #markets #Investing #today #rich #education #hope #dreams #Giveaway #free #positivity #focus #goals #life #money #success #fun #levelup #brexit
Who is queueing up to do deals? Please enlighten me. I see much more of this sort of thing. NZ, USA, Australia and here, Russia. Learn about the WTO please.
There will be noor only limited catastrophe if #UK financial sector relocates 2 #EU27 now
I’ve been quiet about Brexit so far. Deal - not ideal but gives us a timeframe to prepare before leaving. No deal - leaving without a deal will cripple industry across the UK. Jobs will be lost and companies broken. Today, I’m scared....
Great article-makes some very good points. The remain camp needs to change its approach if it wants to win a 2nd referendum.
At last! Someone stands up to the drivel spouted by Rees-Mogg. Thank you
As a result of the UK Parliament's #Brexit agreement vote, we are extending our trading hours due to expected market volatility. You can reach our dealing team from 17:30 until 00:00 GMT on +44 (0) 207 197 2421.
So.. May's deal: worse for UK than status quo. No deal: worse for Tory party, much worse for UK; No brexit: worse for Tory party, better for UK; To act in national interest, MPs must vote against May Any MP supporting May is putting Tory interests before those of the country.
Disgusting.
Current mood #Brexit
She was elected on a manifesto with six brexit tests which this deal doesn't satisfy.
Brexit = self inflicted humiliation
This is how Tuesday's crunch Brexit vote will play out - and what happens if May loses
Absolutely get rid of Tories but Labour must change Leader if it hopes to win. JC s obvious lack of opposition to Brexit has lost mine and millions of others vote
BBC News - Brexit: Vote historic for wrong reasons says Arlene Foster If Theresa chooses to prolong the process what will be served? Time to give people the choice.
Suffolk Tory MPs solid behind May as key Brexit debate nears climax
Stock them up for Brexit
UK chemicals firm announcing €3 billion of investment in Belgium
Clusterfuck Brexit Bollocks to Brexit #Unabhängigkeit
no real solidarty by SNP lackeys who do not speak for me
Germany CAVES IN: EU urged to find a 'better solution' as no-deal #Brexit fears hit
#Yorkshire check how you MP will vote ....For or Against the Brexit deal provided by May
We wish #PM May all the best in this #Brexit vote.
Be sure to read &amp; ’s explainer of today's big Brexit vote (yes, even if you’re American) #AM2DM
brexit means brexit
Much of this whole #brexit rubbish is that so many people don't listen but cling to the fallacies they bought 3 years ago. I suspect many of those who are so vehemently anti-EU only discovered they felt that way during 2015/2016, when the #DailyExpress had told them enough times.
James O'Brien's Unmissable Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote
A General Election would give a chance to get rid of the Tories then tax the very rich instead if the Working Poor. Halt sale of NHS Halt Universal Credit Build Social Housing Stop the Bedroom Tax Finance Local Councils. Brexit need a People Vote to end the money wasting
BBCNEWS 7:08am BREXIT DEAL VOTE. MPs will vote tonight on proposed deal to leave EU . I BREXIT DEAL VOTE. MP5 will vote tonight on...
U.K. PM's contentious Brexit deal faces critical vote in Parliament at 2 p.m. ET | CBC News
Theresa May facing crunch vote on her Brexit deal - BBC News
Deal or no deal? Theresa May’s Brexit vote, explained. #Brexit
I presume this was a little Thankyou from the government
Lies lies lies. The “Brexit Deal” depicted does not exist. Why do you believe you can continue perpetuating lies.
May faces defeat in parliament over Brexit plan
Last week the media manufactured a story. "Right-wing Fascists Intimidate Politicians &amp; Media." Now all Brexit supporters, not just the tiny minority of thugs, have been cleansed from temporary media city at Westminster, making it easier for media to push pro-EU/2nd referendum
I thoguht this was a photoshop job but no. It is an apparent stunt though.
Stevie is not wrong....the E Street Band is never wrong...
interestingly, May’s “two questions in one” regarding how the history books will view Brexit, can only ever have opposite answers. Brexit chaos in a nutshell.
Brexit = Brexit
Note to self: Any Brexiteer MP who says anything about WW2 &amp; brexit, except to say that you can't spell WW2 without two Ws and a 2 is an almighty idiot
‘Brexit boxes’: Hundreds sold as Britons stock up for no-deal food supply disruption
Made what happen? There will be no more Brexit votes. We’ve had six now. Don’t need a seventh.
HERE ARE SOME TOP TUNES! BONZA FOR BEING IN THE CAR WITH THE LADS HEADING TO THE PARK. #sesh #brexit #hardbrexit
Geoffrey Cox is irritating the heck out of me - he sounds as if he is auditioning for a Kingly role in some BBC drama. Just say the words and stop trying for some sort of pivotal Brexit remembered glory.
Mainstream media like CNN almost never refer to sources other than themselves. Interesting.
But who speaks for united opposition to Brexit/appeasement? That's the difference here. At least from an ocean away, watching nervously, thinking about the Irish border (as so many liberals here are).
My two cents on this #Brexit vote day and how no deal would #NoDeal impact the software spending in the UK, particularly #SMB
But where Cash is off beam is that Parliament is dove-ish over Brexit while it was forced to be hawk-like in 1940. Cash is a hawk.
Oh the fucking cheek, I remember when the msm said north sea oil had no value during the Scottish Referendum. Make a your minds up lads.
After Brexit Pt 1 Queen Meggin had prevailed and already affordable housing in the form of mud huts were appearing all over Hampstead Heath and Wimbledon Conmmon.
A product of true democracy .
No, by taking stocks out of the current supply chain it would cause temporary shortages at the moment. They may view some small shortage now is worth it for longer run post-Brexit. But then again, I'm only guessing....
When May's #Brexit deal is voted down, Germany will come to talk because. 1. They're entering a recession. 2. £39bn is off the table and they will have to pay the shortfall. 3. WTO rules will damage their industry further. Lets agree a free trade deal. It works for everyone.
#Gold in British pounds popping past £1000 ,signalling markets think tonight’s critical #Brexit vote is a going to be a shambolic failure
Almost £100k of public money spent on Brexit deal Facebook ads - - Government has spent £96,684 in past week on Facebook ads backing Theresa May’s deal. The UK government has spent almost £100,000 of tax...
Ein Klasse Interview, passt auch zum BREXIT :-) Warren Buffett: Just Looking At The Price Is Not Investing | CNBC
You think things can’t get worse? Really? All the reforms Labour want are going to cost money and any kind of Brexit is going to leave the country worse off financially. What’s wrong with stopping Brexit first and then having an election? The Tories will be in tatters
Parliament certainly a hive of activity this afternoon with pro and anti Brexit protestors looking ahead to the vote.
Is a “No Deal” Brexit Still Avoidable? via
Yes even if that wasn't the case, we would still have to adhere to EU rules and regulations as well as international standards. Brexit is not the key to the cuffs and we are building our own prison
LIVE: House of Commons holds final debate and vote on May's Brexit deal
Meanwhile, in Holyrood Pt II: MSPs to hold inquiry over Alex Salmond row Were it not for the #Brexit vote this would be even bigger as a story
germany fear a no deal brexit.. because Tehy then wont have control of our bank. Boom suck that germany WW3 is economic, and we will win as we have the richest reserves of natural resources in the world or at least europe. and we can boost the pound by simply mining minerals
Germany says EU ready to talk if UK rejects Brexit deal | Article [AMP] | Reuters
The only economic study showing Brexit will benefit UK has been debunked as 'doubly misleading'
Is this on top of the 500,000 jobs lost 'immediately after the Brexit vote'?
but they don't mind him being an anti Semite, just as long as he'll support another Brexit vote. Go figure
Cabinet Source: May Could Resign if She Suffers Heavy Brexit Vote Defeat via
#TreasonMay was, is and always will be anti Brit anti Britain anti #Brexit
Not doing much with equities as unable to react to the Brexit vote after the ondon close but plenty of potential in the futures market manually added short S&amp;P 2605.73 ... Back in short 1st lot #FTSE 6898.9... strong impulse move need to position size correctly
BREXIT: expect the worst - hope for the best.
The biggest divide in the UK is between those who have and those who don't. Some people think they are well-to-do because they have a bit of money. But the real wealthy think as little of you whether you have £100,000 or £1. This divide is much bigger than Brexit.
Oh my lord! Get a hobby!
Parliament debates and votes on May's Brexit deal – watch live - Guardian News
Reflecting on this .. it's interesting! Brexiteer Tory MP brands Theresa May’s Brexit deal ‘ILLEGAL’ and needs to be STOPPED
I WILL ONLY BUY CRAB THAT HAVE BEEN STUNNED BEFORE HEATED ALIVE. UNFORTUNATELY OUR LOCAL FIRM AS NOT GOT ITS STUNNER ANY MORE AND DUE TO BREXIT ARE MOVING THEIR EXPANSION TO VIETNAME BECAUSE OF BREXIT BANNING FREEDOM OF MOVEMENT FOR US AND EUROPEANS, NO WORKERS, NO SUNNY RETIRE
BREXIT: expect the worst - hope for the best.
If they believe, for example, that immigration harms the NHS, education etc - when in fact it helps all of those - where is Labour’s duty? Is it to help the NHS which is what they really want, or to do Brexit even if it harms the NHS (which it will)?
poll: Second referendum expectations dropping, belief in no-deal Brexit rising. #BrexitVote
Would that work with those MPs or voters who are ideologically committed to Brexit? Before the referendum when on a walk in Dover I saw a large billboard announcing a large redevelopment project for the Western Docks paid for in part by the EU. Dover still voted heavily for Leave
And follow our blog (currently manned by ) for live updates as we approach the big vote here...
Right, so Mind responded to the NHS long term plan; still, some years ago, that would of been a more high profile announcement; mental health maybe getting addressed still, but it certainly doesn't cut through the time given to Brexit in Parliament.
This twat doesn't care one jot how much anybody else is affected by Brexit, just so long as he and his mates are no longer subject to the new EU anti tax-avoidance legislation.
Now that's a flag that deserves to be burnt!
David Lammy is officially the best MP
#CAGEurope US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-S&amp;P 500 opens flat as JPMorgan results weigh #ReutersCES #EU #BusinessNews #Finance #Brexit
No, not all hold that view. But you have to accept all people that are xenophobic/racist are pro-Brexit. They see it as a mechanism to get rid of people they dislike. Since 2016 I've experienced this directly and seen it with my own eyes. It's not pretty, &amp; it is just bloody sad.
'Brexit' 'report'. (Some of the worst over-acting I've ever seen!) But WHY ARE THERE NO 'ANTI BREXIT/REMAINERS PROTESTORS' IN THE LIVE AERIAL SHOTS? I put it to you these treasonous actors (all with identical props) were filmed in advance; the live reports now using GREEN SCREEN
WASTED YEARS: Batten SLAMS “Engineered Betrayal” Of Brexit
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
by the power of Brexit
Tick… tick… tick…
#Brexit BETRAYAL: How John Major 'hid facts to tie UK to EU' before 2016 referendum
Today could make or break Brexit
About as surprising as Neil Warnock supporting Brexit given their *ahem* colourful history.
Factbox: Britain's big Brexit vote - What happens in parliament?
So #Brexit is still going swimmingly, I see.
Lunch with a banker and ended up discussing Brexit - we voted differently - and managed a pleasant and respectful debate. Nice to know such things are possible, at least.
#Brexit #PeoplesVote Facist mps vs the people Bring it on
1. Brexit will mean way more austerity. 2. I see it as a RW coup to turn us into a US style economy. 3. Brexit will probably see my employer move abroad as it's a pan Europe call center.
Not in a million years will I ever change my mind! #LeaveMeansLeave #brexit the “common market” as it was has has become the tyrannical bully boy EU and is no longer just about trade and I want no part of it!
Looking forward to seeing what the UK government decide to do RE #Brexit so they can reach new levels of incompetence over the coming weeks.
Hit the iron when it's hot!
Oh no, please tell me again how Brexit isn’t a cult.
Good to see in action on #Brexit and the need for MORE democracy
The British people want BREXIT fully with no concessions to the EU
"Tony please change your mind about Brexit, you thick racist" Even though I'm a thickie brexiter thickie, I can spot the subtle flaw in this approach.
I’m an Economist by training and Brexit makes no economic sense! I truly wish the Best for the UK &amp; Ireland That means remaining part of the Largest Economic Union in the world. Together you stand, divided you fall! #Brexit will benefit no-one except #Putin and his Kleptocracy!
I mean I understand the sentiment. Since Wetherspoons came out with their pro-brexit coasters, I've avoided their pubs like the plague.
A dance floor anthem inspired by the chaos that is Brexit.....
The parliamentary process around Brexit has at least put loads of back benchers on show to remind us just how many MPs are utterly bizarre people. So many strange, posh, unfathomable weirdos.
What’s the outcome gonna be then craig? General election no deal or no Brexit or vote again, and does go tonight?
What not happening....IOPS II.....Ireland #pensions #trusteeship #Ireland
Whatever our views on Brexit and the deal, the fact that our MPs only have 5 mins each in this debate is totally bonkers. It'll probably be 3 minutes by the end of the debate
James O'Brien's Unmissable Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote - LBC
JRM citing Minford, which is the ONLY economic forecast showing anything remotely 'positive' about Brexit, sums up todays state of play.
3. David Cameron implied in a speech about the "serried rows of white headstones" that World War 3 would be upon us if Brexit occurred. The last time I checked the UK had not invaded Poland or any other country, and therefore we must conclude this was a lie.
James O'Brien's Unmissable Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote O’Brien’s already proven his credentials, twat
The #GBP/USD retreated from highs above 1.2900 to trade at mid 1.2800s as the risk of Brexit deal rejection is pricing in.The UK Prime Minister Theresa May made a last minute attempt to push the deal through with a speech but she is unlikely to succeed.
Seems to forget we are Brussels along with 27 other countries. We have major influence on future direction, which will all disappear with Brexit
My wife informs me we need some soft toilet paper.I have reassured her if we delay, Remain or have a very soft Brexit our paper of which 60% is imported will still arrive. I am however unaware of any arrangements in the deal negotiated by the honourable lady the prime minster ;-(
How will MPs make their decision on May's Brexit deal and what will they vote on? - MPs will ... via
See if they do revoke Article 50, will we go back to the status quo that includes all those concessions that Dave Cameroon secured?
Theresa May's Brexit plan appears doomed as key Parliamentary vote looms - NBC News
To be fair if the vast majority of Leave voters never voted again it would be a blessing
Hi Jason You don’t like Panda’s shame. I feel positively uplifted by your contribution. Here have a thread on Jacob , brexit food price rises and Jacob’s desperate desperate lies Have a nice day
Brexit talk tonight, oh god not another one
Not since the outbreak of WW2 have things politically speaking been so grim. Whatever your views on #Brexit, Democracy as we know it has taken a severe battering, and I doubt it will ever fully recover. It's been the maddest of times, it's been the saddest of times.
The trends on twitter are basically spiderman and brexit
I left the party after 40+ years due to Corbyns #Brexit stance. So did my wife and daughter. Ive seen many on here who have said the same. We could so easily be brought back.
Michael Gove as a Lovecraftian horror in a human suit might just be the funniest thing to come out of the whole Brexit debacle.
I left the party after 40+ years due to Corbyns #Brexit stance. So did my wife and daughter. Ive seen many on here who have said the same. We could so easily be brought back.
Precisely #Shameful
3 ways to ensure 2nd referendum remain majority: 1)Give EU citizens a vote 2)Give 16yo a vote 3)Have only these answers: Remain, May’s Deal, No Deal to split pro-Brexit vote Labour could lead the fight to secure these, but they prefer to oppose a referendum #brexit #BrexitVote
"Labour for a Socialist Europe" (new name) are meeting up with AE for the #BrexitVote. Details on FB under "Stop Brexit - Labour for a Socialist Europe." #StopBrexit #racism
James O'Brien's Unmissable Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote - LBC
but they don't mind him being an anti Semite, just as long as he'll support another Brexit vote. Go figure
The British prime minister is set to lose a vote on her Brexit deal but time is running short for a plan “B” via
We had a vote. Your side lost. PS Young people support Brexit too you know.
So what ms may's brexit vote defeat mean .....no deal brexit or non brexit ??? Uncertainity across europe !!! Including eu's UK. Does that mean adopting spanish the netherland style model....
Non-league Boreham Wood say "Brexit must mean Brexit" as they call for a 'No' vote on Theresa May's deal. Contains references to: • "Our great and sacred Union" • "Cowardly" David Cameron • Neville Chamberlain's "Peace in our time" • Winston Churchill
Interesting how and home-pages have special #BrexitVote takeover, whereas and lead with #NairobiAttack #Brexit
I’ve been in touch with my #yearabroad #erasmus friends, reminiscing with fear for the future... I’m sharing again my piece on #Brexit from 2016 (featuring #cinemaritrovato #CharlieChaplin &amp; #BorisJohnson):
So what do you think brexit is confirm or not?
Then: ‘Britain faces a simple and inescapable choice - stability and strong Government with me, or chaos with Ed Miliband’ Now: MPs told they face choice between order and 'chaos' as May heads for huge defeat - Politics live
If Brexit is stopped or a second referendum is forced through, this country will be a laughing stock to the world. I have never been so ashamed to be British. Those in parliament who are trying to stop Brexit are a disgrace
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
Sterling slips from multi-week high, volatility rises before Brexit vote
GBP/AUD Outlook: British Pound Volatile vs Australian Dollar as UK Brexit Vote Nears
I don’t know what it means for the body, but it’s rare for the removed organ to subsequently fare well...
It's highly unlikely judging by these comments.
"Would you support or oppose holding a new general election if Parliament voted to reject the proposed Brexit deal?" 39% ~ Oppose 37% ~ Support 25% ~ Don't Know Via , 18th-19th December. Not exactly "no one", James.
An update for everyone 331,528 have signed this Petition.However,it looks like Parliament is seeking 2 take control of Brexit after tonight.Please help by retweeting for extra People Power for OUR BREXIT.Petition: Leave the EU without a deal in March 2019.
Pound-to-Dollar Exchange Rate Down as Sterling Traders Apprehensive Over Brexit Vote
Did stop Brexit yet?
So what do you think brexit is confirm or not?
Sterling slips from multi-week high, volatility rises before Brexit vote
The night of the five “no-deal” #Brexit votes - the one deal that fails and the four that will attempt to deal with the implications - will determine what happens next for UK policy and markets. Focusing on any one of these alone misses the direction entirely. Wish to know more?
And please ask for a #PeoplesVote
Alas tonight's vote is likely just the start of an even more convoluted endgame. (Not leaving cannot be 100% ruled out, but it would take a series of extraordinary events)
Tories opposed devolution as they saw it as a threat to the Union - so did many Labour/ libdem - it split parties in similar way as we see today over brexit. It achieved significant strides forward towards devolution &amp; laid foundations for powers we have today.
LIVE: PM vows to respond 'quickly' as she faces huge Brexit deal defeat
it should be illegal to make brexit sound so magical
This evening MPs will decide whether to accept or reject a #BrexitDeal that would be bad for jobs, communities &amp; the country. Help make sure MPs make the right decision on #Brexit: Visit to email your MP &amp; tell them to #VoteItDown.
British Prime Minister faces defeat in historic Brexit deal vote
Despite bluster and bellowing it is a still a bad deal and he knows it . It is in efffect BREXIT IN NAME ONLY and BOTH THIS DEAL AND REMAIN and EEA and EFTA is not taking back control and never will be . We need a brexiteer at the helm and not a remainer
We're doing the same here . Whatever happens in the vote tonight we value the 1 in 6 of our staff who're from other EU countries and want them to stay.
A polite request from Europe: wake us up when you know what you want from Brexit Is there anybody out there capable of answering this question? Well certainly not in 10 Downing Street or in Corbyn’s office. #PeoplesVote
Brexit vote: MPs told they face choice between order and 'chaos' as May heads for huge defeat - Politics live
Poor ole Greasy Mogg was handed spade after spade so he just kept on digging the hole deeper and deeper. Well that should be the last time G M is let out in daylight. What a pompous posh nothing between the ears kinda self interested nob.
Please vote this deal down
The entire brexit argument has been built on emotion and hubris eg the amount of time devoted to the fishing industry. Our politicians are to blame, none more so than Daniel Hannan, who is a master of telling the truth, but not the whole truth.
May Delays Brexit Vote Until 30th Of February #lbc #fbpe #libdems #conservatives #labour #plaidcymru #snp #ukip #abtv #waton #stupidbrexiteers #itvnews #bbcnews #c4news #5news #skynews #PeoplesVote #PoliticsLive #StopBrexit #bbcparliament #moggmentum #dup
If someone at your Company forced this many to quit, would they still be on your payroll?
A product of democracy. Too bad and too sad.
Do you think will lose the #Brexit #MeaningfulVote by:
James O'Brien's Unmissable Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote - LBC
from the Guardian: Dominic Raab, the former Brexit secretary, is speaking now. He says Theresa May’s deal would lead to the UK giving up control, and would precipitate a “democratic cliff edge”. Self-awareness is dead
This is incredible, in the truest sense of the word. National League club Boreham Wood calls on MPs to reject May’s #Brexit deal, essentially form a national government, and extend Article 50 before walking away if necessary.
only managed 13/15 on the Brexit quiz but should have got 14 if I'd thought for longer on Q14 ;-)
Can’t wait til all this Brexit patter finally ends tonight
Politics is show business for ugly people ..would you watch these feckers on a Netflix box set ..didnt think so ..pretty please just give us #BREXIT
So bored of hearing about Brexit everyday on the radio
Brexit Vote: UK Parliament Will Debate and Vote On E.U. Withdrawal Plan a Second Time
The Dutch love to plan. But even they may not be able to avoid the chaos of a no-deal Brexit.
Brexit Knocks the Wind Out of the U.K. Economy
How unfortunate that the PM appointed so many of these “children” to the Cabinet to wreak havoc there and subsequently from the back benches
Forget project fear. Remainers now need a ‘project patriotism’ | Phillip Blond | Opinion | The Guardian
The man who summed up Brexit best
Taking time out of my research trip to catch up on #brexit, and I still do not understand what a backstop is.
Might go to bed and whack the radio on for the Brexit farrago
In my hypothesis the reason Pound Sterling has gone of less value is Because of the Euro Dollar and Brexit
Looking forward to that sweet, sweet US hamberder trade deal #Brexit #Hamberders
James O'Brien's Unmissable Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote - LBC
'You're no Brexiteer!' Piers Morgan launches fiery attack on 'former Brexiteer' MP
Spreading the word? They really should know by now. Anyway your statement about UK having support of Commonwealth, for Brexit, can you back this up?
For the sake of working people, the left must back remain | Aditya Chakrabortty
129 MEPs from 26 EU countries have written a joint letter imploring the UK to stay in the EU.
This in an interesting development. To which the only real question is “why on earth wasn’t it happening earlier”?
We're doing the same here . Whatever happens in the vote tonight we value the 1 in 6 of our staff who're from other EU countries and want them to stay after #Brexit.
$SPY $EWU #Brexit vote is at 2 pm ET, 7 pm GMT starting w amendment votes, then the final vote:
EU says transition period could be expected. #Brexit #BrexitVote
likely, but Bercow has accepted 2 amendments that can effectively block Brexit.
Trying to until Brexit came along and messed it up . Busy today bringing paperwork together for mine and my wife’s carte de Sejours application for our meeting at the Prefecture tomorrow so we can stay in France Post Brexit .
#brexit deal and vote to come 2p est.
supports Brexit which is EXACTLY why he's NOT going to be the next PM.
Many MPs will defy democracy &amp; send a disturbing message to 17.4m Brexit voters
Typical RedTory btw.
Corbyn's amendment seems to suggest to me single market membership perhaps his take on it is getting the remain vote back while "honouring" brexit vote, personally not convinced anyone will buy it. Remainers and brexiteers trust him as much as they trust may.
The view from abroad. No Brexit is better than a bad Brexit.
No I didn't, I've argued that losers in votes don't get what they want, ever On Brexit, Labour have been pursuing what is pretty much a BRINO giving nobody what they voted for but providing a true compromise Such is as a consequence of listening to both sides
The latest The banks-credit-unions Daily! Thanks to #brexit #rentavariable
Gold eases as dollar firms, investors brace for Brexit vote
The view from abroad. No Brexit is better than a bad Brexit.
The PM needs to call a Removal company her days are numbered. Start packing your belongings PM, the country deserves a proper, able, competent leader who can deliver a strong &amp; stable government Not a weak &amp; feeble administration like yours. Sky News:
Impressive speech by my gwent neighbour
Scotland’s corporate deal market remains buoyant despite Brexit fears #icymi
"Parliament to vote on May's Brexit deal"
She has to resign after the inevitable defeat today #brexit
Agreed Caretaker PM in situ until after brexit
agree with you on influence so #StopBrexitNow
If the young vote Remain wins. Them’s the facts. The only sodding issue in this country for 2 years has been Brexit so I would expect a huge turnout all round. I’m not sure a PV would be the moral option but I’m certain the young would swing it for Remain.
To early to tell as we haven't left yet. Is his policy on Brexit the right one? Yes I think so I personally am not for another referendum even though I voted remain. The EU was not ideal and needed change, I am not for Hard Brexit but one that respects both sides,
Click &amp; visit for details and more news British MP delays giving birth by two days to vote against Brexit deal
POLITICO Brexit Files: The big vote — ‘Glistening cherries’ — Ex or eg?
Utterly chaos about #BrexitVote cancel the brexit.
5. Despite Anna Soubry's claim to the contrary on a recent Question Time appearance, Remainers did suggest there would be an immediate Brexit recession. No recession to date, in fact the OECD now believes the UK economy will grow 1.8% this year, up 0.1% on its pre-referendum 1/..
Brexit: No-deal would hit Danish bacon and butter exports to the UK, says OECD
When is the vote on Theresa May's Brexit deal?
BORIS JOHNSON has claimed Britons will think there has been a “deep state plot” to try to “kill Brexit” if Britain’s departure from the European Union is halted.
Short pain for a long gain. British parliament is voting over Brexit deal. Theresa May is widely expected to lose the vote by a wide margin -- some predicting the bill could be defeated by between 100 and 200 votes.
Brexit, Schmixit what torture these former Danes, Angels or is it Saxons put themselves threwist. You will degrade your economy and valuations will decrease, debts will rise and be then bought by the economic powerhouses in Europe and in Asia
Brexit: How will MPs vote? – BBC News
I want to feel bad for the UK for the mess this Brexit vote is causing them, I really do, but they voted for this so I really can’t sympathize
PM ‘utterly failed’ on Brexit legal agreements – BBC News
When this is resolved, we need to feed the children then educate everyone not just the children. These unbelievably horrendous thoughts are from uneducated narrow minded sad individuals who pass them on to their kids. Surround yourself with love.
It worries me no end why politicians of all colours are so desperate to give the British people 'what they want' with regard to #Brexit, but don't give a toss that British people are opposed to cuts and #austerity... Can you tell me why?
Click &amp; visit for details and more news UK Parliament vote on Theresa May's Brexit plan a make or break moment for the prime minister, exit movement
Finding out tonight if I need to start panic buying Chateauneuf-du-Pape #dealornodeal #brexit #whatamess
I will try and explain this without making everyone’s head explode - but it is a huge mess and no solution is in sight for the UK - total dogs breakfast
Forget the vote Jacob, will you vote for our quality hand made jewellery crafted in the UK incorporating genuine Swarovski crystals. Necklaces, Bracelets, Earrings and Pendants quality jewellery from KISMET JEWELLERY UK see them at
Knowing what we know now, if Labour had taken an anti-Brexit stance a year ago they’d be 10 points clear in the polls.
Bottom line. #Brexit
I think Brexit will happen but without a deal.
So am I the only one today who is more anxious for #hmv than #Brexit ??
So thankful that #PeoplesVote is unpopular here. No one should be subjected to another fucking referendum ever again.
It's Brexit decision day as UK Parliament will hold key vote on PM's bill
Superb
Yes. We then enter the period of maximum peril for retainers (i.e. virtually the whole of the Labour membership), during which Labour could midwife Brexit in a number of different ways, e.g. - striking deal that fails to meet the 6 tests - allowing a free vote.
May resolute on pushing Brexit deal: Sun
Hi It is time to call a halt. #Brexit Jeremy Corbyn falls behind Theresa May, poll of polls finds
THIS DEAL IS SO DEMEANING TO THE PUBLIC - BREXIT IS DEMEANING TO WOMEN, WHO WILL NEED TO EARN £30,000 A YEAR OR MORE TO MOVE COUNTRY AFTER BREXIT, WHO WILL NOT BE ABLE TO TAKE THEIR CHILDREN OR HUSBAND WHERE THEY WANT BY RIGHT, WHO MAY BE ABUSED BY CUSTOMS OFFICERS.
SCM Somerset Capital Management started in 2007 JRM is a partner, run by CEO Dominic Johnson In 2018 they opened their first domiciled fund in Ireland (Dublin) They stated that it was nothing to do with Brexit,.. and also said that Brexit would bring great uncertainty to the mkt
#brexit #economics #brexitvote I have no idea what I am writing but I thought I'd blog about brexit
I'm completely amazed that there isn't more "well if they hate so much why don't they just hurry up and leave" but I haven't come across this at all and instead 100MEPs write a nice letter! It's obvious to me who's currently holding the moral high ground.
Future Of Theresa May's Brexit Deal, And Brexit Itself, Hinges On Pivotal Vote
Interesting read as always from offering ambivalent support for a second referendum
Please vote against the Government's Brexit vote tonight. It's the worst of all worlds.
On a miserable brexit day theres only one man who can cheer us up...take it away muddy.
On the day that any sane and honourable government would be preparing to resign and call an election over their failure to get through their only real policy, the Tories are instead trying to sneak out attacks on pension rights through their failed #UniversalCredit shambles.
So it looks like we can expect the Government to put party before country once again, which has been the problem throughout the last two and a half years - a leadership imprisoned by a membership that does not reflect the electorate. Further deadlock.
It's Brexit decision day as UK Parliament will hold key vote on PM's bill
Brexit + Brexit = Brexit
Whether we have Brexit or not, we have to think about what sort of government we want. Do we want a government that persecutes and cuts money to disabled people, or one that cares for vulnerable people and families?
I just down get what the Brexiters don't get about this. We KNOW far more now than we did 18 months ago. We KNOW that the referendum was based on scare-mongering, dog-whistle racism and outright lies. We KNOW that the UK will be worse off "under any version of Brexit".
Parliament debates and votes on May's Brexit deal – watch live via
That may be true but one of the voices conveyed facts and the other, as usual, did not. Why would JRM not just admit to the quote from Minford? The quote does not suit his propaganda and is time this was called out. Brexit would “mostly eliminate manufacturing” - Minford
Ah, the Mark Blundell school of Brexit. Wait... Ah, the Perry McCarthy school of Brexit. Wait... Ah, the Anthony Davidson school of Brexit. Wait...
Green Councillors have pushed for information on Brexit- because govt hasn’t provided it No deal Brexit will be a disaster for Brighton &amp; Hove. Reduced business rates, decline in productivity, increased costs of imports We need a #PeoplesVote #BrexitVote
Try as I might--and I don't try very hard--I can't get worked up over Brexit and Britain's future, which is bleak in any case. It's basically an amusement park for American tourists and a realty for Gulf Arabs.
You not interested in debate , you should know why people voted Brexit enough of governments ignoring them including centrist politics. You clearly think remain is right and fuvk everyone else. But you accept general elections on a vote share of 36%
So tell me #PeoplesVote (PV) campaigners, what Brexit is going to be put up against Remain in the PV you want, if our Sovereign, Parliament, has already rejected both Theresa May's crap deal &amp; 'No Deal Brexit'? Anyone see the problem? A GE makes more sense than a PV #Politicslive
2/... estimate. Even Mark Carney, the Governor of the Bank of England, now admits he is "quietly optimistic" about Brexit. Lie number five.
"The capitalist tendency to isolate an economic process from its antecedents and effects IS fundamentally flawed." . . . #Brexit #EUelections2019
A Labour promise to renegotiate the Brexit deal when in power and to ultimately put that deal to a People’s Vote? Yes please.
James O'Brien's Unmissable Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote - LBC
Vote Hitler.... #fuckinghell
Germany says EU ready to talk if UK rejects Brexit deal | Article [AMP] | Reuters
Thank you for your letter today outlining your views on the withdrawal from Brexit.
May need to.
We are praying for our politicians today. We are praying for all people who will be affected by their decisions. We are praying for peace and dignity for all of humankind. #MeaningfulVote #parliament #brexit #uk #europe #church #prayer #faith
An eminently powerful speech from a great political leader in the House of Commons this morning. of the Scottish asks Labor leadership to ‘get off the fence,’ and reaffirms the fact that Scotland will go its own way. An independent Scotland is rising.
Good for you. I disagree from what I’ve seen, heard, read and understood too. I trust Corbyn as far as I could throw him on Brexit
Guess who is pushing for &amp; financed Brexit. Follow the money.
If you’re a Detective in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a fiasco for you. If you live in the North East of England then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this farce! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Did you know a 'no deal' Brexit could lead to UK ad market recession?
Former #brexit sec calls for a 'best and final offer' to the EU which would include an exit from the backstop
just wrote this sentence (for an essay) 'so this can go some way to explain why they succeeded in their success in the Indies' - think I need to stop getting distracted by the brexit debate #brexitdebate
Remainer May's 'deal' is a simple betrayal. Its not Brexit. But that doesn't mean we're in Ipsy Dipsy land where we love democracy so much we keep voting until the result is correct.
For goodness sake. I meant that he wants Brexit and in that regard AND ONLY IN THAT REGARD he has the same stance as the far right. They both want the same thing for different reasons. Because he wants Brexit, he is therefore also complicit in delivering it. Clear enough yet?
Will "Defending like Brexit Negotiations" do??
This civil war will spread across the European continent. Brexit, Frexit or any other exit won't be necessary. It will be the EU and the Muslim army it has imported versus native Germans, Poles, Italians, French and other Nationalist across the continent!!
i’m annoyed that i’ll be in class during the brexit vote
It would be easy to get lost in his mind palace - there must lots of empty rooms and corridors - in the corner of one is a single 1 drawer filing cabinet, a single a4 sheet in a single sleeve .... handwritten title Brexit negotiations Mar 29 2017
Brexit vote: UK lawmakers prepare to deliver verdict on EU divorce deal
Australia's 'hormone beef' not to Brexit Britain's taste: report via
Theresa may already tinkered with brexit to the point it was an exit in name only, which betrayed the mandate of the original referendum, going back to do another referendum because politicians could not do what they were told to. This is absurd obstructionism.
Thanks Steve - holding space for a NO Deal Brexit
Why aren’t these muppets who are outside parliament protesting against #BrexitDeal at work? It’s a Tuesday! just saying... #brexit #BrexitVote
Very difficult for her, given that she died 3 years before the vote.
What role, if any, did prejudice play in the UK's EU Referendum? #WithdrawalAgreement #research #brexit #BrexitVote #openaccess
My cry of anguish has been since the referendum - fed up with the government promising me the Brexit I worked and voted for, whilst doing their utmost to renege.
......picking over the bones of Brexit.........
Democracy = parliament doing what is best for this country. Parliament doesn't want Brexit as it's bad for the country. Democracy will stop Brexit.
Time will tell. JLR blame Brexit for closures, employees stated quite clearly that for the last few years they planned to move out of the UK for cheaper labour costs. Sensationalism at its project fear best
4 amendments were chosen by Bercow to be discussed.The order: t Labour amendment,then t SNP/Plaid Cymru,Leigh then Baron. If one is passed then the full, amended motion will immediately be put to the vote without any subsequent amendments being considered.
Brexit is entirely British owned, the decisions they made however destructive are theirs to make. How it affects Ireland, Scotland and Wales leads to a separate debate on EU membership , unification and possibly separation for others.
Can we just pretend that Brexit never happened and move on? Because parliament is doing the most
One final thing - don’t worry about me, you’re going to get your way. Labour will bring in Brexit, despite what people like me say. I’ll continue to be ignored, and you’ll get your way. I’m not sure you’ll like the outcome.
Not at all..the public opinion has since changed. Some of the public casted their votes based on the lies of Nigel Farage and Boris Johnson and most were not aware of the consequences if Brexit.
Also, shouldn't you be working? You know... Brexit...?
Big business ... not small business
So what ms may's brexit vote defeat mean .....no deal brexit or non brexit ??? Uncertainity across europe !!! Including eu's UK. And Does that mean adopting spanish or the netherland style model.... of full member UK..... watching...!!!
Very appropriate today #brexit
The amazing thing about this Brexit debate is that what about 80% of it I’d say is just sheer fabrication. “Leaving on WTO terms”? “Continued negotiations with the EU”? Is this an alternate timeline?
Will it be voted down?
"Parliament to vote on May's Brexit deal"
Do you know what Brexit will do to the pound? Poor people will be eating grilled squirrel in a hole in the ground soon.
Some wise words from our First Minister But you can save Scotland from a 'hard Brexit' all you have to do is #UseTheMandate NOW!!!
Anthony Hilton: Theresa May’s only path is to revoke Article 50 and ditch Brexit - Evening Standard
New: Future Of Theresa May's Brexit Deal, And Brexit Itself, Hinges On Pivotal Vote
Brexit vote to take place in Parliament as Britain's future hangs in balance
The History Books will say The House of Commons got up to All sorts of Skulduggery to overthrow the people's Brexit vote. #Brexit.
'We have a Brexit shelf': readers preparing for a no-deal scenario oh god nooooooo
uk Brexit ,you Kelly ,be our british exit ……...why should I help any of you ,prince farkle face harry ,he thinks I am a german shepard ,being lowered on a stage ,from a bitiish helicopter on line ,at walt Disney world …………..the captain
Gove is an unctuous, odious, slimy, reptilian, back-stabbing, little shit. But if he gets us out of EU via EFTA/EEA I may start to forgive him. However, I think that he's so unpopular that he wouldn't get enough support so what is needed is an interim Brexit PM (Cox?) for 2 y.
Future Of Theresa May's Brexit Deal, And Brexit Itself, Hinges On Pivotal Vote: The U.K. prime minister delayed a critical vote last month because her deal didn't have enough support. Now, the vote is back on — but its odds of approval still look long.…
Obscure pro-Brexit group spends tens of thousands on Facebook ads
PM May Set for #Brexit Vote Defeat, Germany Avoids Technical Recession
Future Of Theresa May's Brexit Deal, And Brexit Itself, Hinges On Pivotal Vote: The U.K. prime minister delayed a critical vote last month because her deal didn't have enough support. Now, the vote is back… #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachKavanaugh #TheResistance
Day Z for Brexit UK rejects EU agreement today Day Z for Brexit UK rejects EU agreement today Day Z for Brexit. What happens if the UK Parliament rejects today the EU agreement
Theresa May's Brexit plan appears doomed as key Parliamentary vote looms - NBC News
The government told the people what brexit meant. All this what sort of deal is msm manipulation and propaganda
Direct democratic decisions can perhaps claim more legitimacy than acts of rep. democracy since they appeal to core principle of democracy. This makes issue of Brexit even more important and think there are two important issues: 1. Latency 2. Campaign legitimacy
No-deal Brexit: Poland and Czech Republic to allow Britons to stay if UK crashes out of EU without a deal. Emergency laws being written to enable Britons to remain and work in the two countries in event of no-deal Brexit.
If any MPs vote this deal through, their futures are over ! #brexit #MeaningfulVote
Scotland is a discreet country with a view that is different to England's. If you remove the Scot and Northern Irish vote then the English have overwhelmingly voted for brexit. So rather than the will of the people being respected, it's just the will do the English and Welsh.
Yep. The current deal is better than ‘no deal’ is better than Theresa May’s even worse deal.
Opinion: Despite what the right-wing press says, the British people want a Final Say on Brexit. Me for
Facts hurt eh! Brexit is fast becoming a national joke, in 10 years time no-one will admit ever supporting it. Brexit is now as popular as a dose of the bubonic plague.
in action. Voted for #BrexitShambles against his constituents. Said cancelling #brexit would cause political and economic chaos. Can’t be worse than this with the country descending into ‘civil war’
You stood on a Brexit manifesto and your constituents voted to leave. Everyone can see who is trustworthy. .. and it is certainly not you Ms Hardy
he supports democracy, and a Labour Brexit Deal that will help local communities and the low paid.
maybe trying to have a quiet coffee in the golf clubhouse after playing not the best idea on Brexit vote day...!
Is that an over-sized leprechaun?
As the Commons prepare to vote on May's deal, some background about the current state of the Will of the People...
The elephant in the room. #brexit #BrexitVote
Even their "natural constituents" aren't safe from this miserable gang of Tories. More shame on them, not that they'd notice.
Daniel's Tweets: At Least They're Not Brexit
should honour it's manifesto promise and back Brexit
May's deal is looking like it will fail, and fail hard. There's only 2 months before then leave date. The UK might crash out with a no-deal Brexit.
Where is the one with Brexit and Indy ?
Hang on. The #BBC has a red and white banner on their website. Those are the colours of imperialism and minority oppression. Maybe if they promoted women's football a bit more and made a point of portraying Brexit voters as evil we could see they weren't total Nazis.
Justin Welby: no-deal Brexit would harm poorest people in UK
The Leave brigade will say it's scaremongering. That's the tragedy. Honest research with uncomfortable results is fake news/propaganda/funded by the EU... Well the proof of the pudding will be in the eating. If there is any pudding to eat.
Brexit vote: Lawmakers expected to reject Theresa May&amp;apos;s EU exit plan
Added at 2603 ...at 50% Size now
Brexit vote: Lawmakers expected to reject Theresa May&amp;apos;s EU exit plan
On Brexit-vote day, nice to see that the #GoogleDoodle is Sake Dean Mahomed, an early father of Anglo-Indian food (the national cuisine of Leavers and Remainers alike).
Brexit negotiations could be reopened if MPs reject Theresa May's deal, says Germany
Rotter, I must use that more often
Make sure you go out and vote.. This is the most important vote we have had in decades... Get down your local polling Station as soon as possible.....go and vote #Brexit
Hey Pablo, Thanks for the follow. I hope all is well with you in Poland. Here in the UK it's Brexit day...so it's terrible! ;)
But what's your view on BREXIT?!?!?!?!
Can you get May's Brexit deal through parliament?
Brexit: No-deal would hit Danish bacon and butter exports to the UK, says OECD
Agency diversity, online ad fraud and an ad recession: 5 killer stats to start your week
Germany says EU ready to talk if UK rejects Brexit deal | Article [AMP] | Reuters
"Debate Begins on Historic Brexit Vote in UK Parliament" by THE ASSOCIATED PRESS via NYT
Sod brexit - I'm celebrating tonight.
Serves them right for supporting this stupid and unplanned banana dancing #Brexit game
Hear hear. Can’t agree on withdrawal, then Gen Election, deselect them all &amp; only vote for those who have supported the Electorate over #Brexit. Time to #DraintheSwamp
Imagine being in support of a No Deal Brexit. Imagine being that much of a moron
HAVE YOUR SAY: What should MPs do in tonight's crucial Brexit vote:
6 contingencies If only Gove &amp; Johnson could step up 14/6/2016 Telegraph “Johnson &amp; Gove, the two leading figures in the Leave campaign, have drawn up a blueprint for implementing a Brexit. Sensibly, it calls for flexibility &amp; a period of reflection”
Outside the UK House of Commons, PM Theresa May channels Celine Dion ... and steers the country straight into a Titanic #Brexit disaster. Will a #PeoplesVote be called to avert this calamity?? #VoteDownBrexit
Hahaha claiming to have lived through the troubles yet says “hard border is nonsense” yet all them years ago Ireland in fact did have a hard border... #clueless
May day Mag day
Stocks tripped by earnings angst, sterling huddled for Brexit vote
May's Brexit Deal is about as colourful as her hair. #brexitnow #leavenow Brexit deal vote day: May facing huge defeat and vote of no confidence in the government
Here comes the Brexit Surcharge......
Factbox: Britain's big Brexit vote - What happens in parliament?
Always loved Jeremy’s slightly sarcastic sense of humour. Just couldn’t take the anti Brexit rhetoric anymore. Usual bbc bias
Impressive increase of the #Remain backers in the opinion surveys in the #UK. Crystal clear that the majority of the British people understand how catastrophic any kind of #Brexit would be. Hold on! #PeoplesVote is obviously the only one decent and democratic solution.
JP Morning Read 1/15 —— Brexit faces crucial vote in parliament &amp; more stories —— To read full stories click here
Quite like that #Corbyn on #Brexit "has nailed his colours to the fence". On the other lot, the less said, the better!
Give the poor boy a brexit as he looks famished
Congrats, British house of lords voting in majority against T. May's Brexit deal. Majority of british royals are now against EU and they opposing german royal highnesses "Windsor" = Saxon-Coburg &amp; Hannover
All #remainers and #leavers alike could usefully listen to this speech It’s the first real political attempt to heal the #brexit wound Caroline Lucas MP Opening Keynote Speech - YouTube
#Brexit news: How many MPs are set to reject Theresa May's deal tonight?
Hahahaha **DJ - DOG SAVAGES BREXIT SUPPORTERS**
Call me pedantic, but im quite fond of correct spelling. I am also a pensioner, not a pentioner. I dont feel the need to list my opinions. Im still hoping brexit is dumped.
Plan B = Plan A with the date crossed out. Just appalling, if true. has a clear Plan B: extend Article50 and declare a #PeoplesVote . Governments, spivs and con artists have got us into this mess. The people can get us out.
Absolute stupidity and amply displays the lack of imagination and sense of decorum that we have now come to expect from May &amp; co. If it doesn't work the first time, try again but this time speak louder &amp; slower.
I think that’s because the Remain voters like me believe in the #PeoplesVote with Remain or a true leave question on the ballot paper they want. I think the British people are better than &amp; want the truth with a right to support that truth #PeoplesVote
Brexit
Dominic Rabb demonstrating how well he did negotiating Brexit deal by complaining about it.
Thick as fucking concrete.
only 8/15! And I've been following! Quiz: how well have you been following Brexit?
And there are those who are threatening violence of Brexit fails. They are scaring people.
May Faces Worst Government Defeat in 95 Years in Brexit Vote: "Strong and stable! Brexit means Brexit! Bremoaners you lost, live with it!" (Am hoping to enjoy a rib-splittingly huge serving of schadenfreude pie this evening)
Can we follow the process tonight on tv? #Brexit #Vote #Brexitvote
While we are pondering Brexit here are some thoughts about hard won independence in Latvia from a friend of mine...
We voted to leave. The Withdrawal Agreement is a deal to leave. In the absence of approving the Withdrawal Agreement and *if* No Deal is ruled out, that means either deferring Brexit or cancelling Brexit. There is a time to roll the dice - but this is not it.
What #brexit has shown to me is how most of our MPs are monumentally stupid and have a knowledge and depth of understanding of politics and international relations, of a dead rabbit.... *bangs head against wall*
Election speech by #brexit
May shut down M15's investigation into Russian intervention and money to influence UK politics. May also shut down an NCA request to investigate Arron Banks before the EU referendum. May's motives for pursuing Brexit may not be entirely pure.
Screw brexit, Carol Channing is dead. Let us mourn.
Brexiteers' response: 'yes!' Why? 'Because!'. Enough of this egomania run rampant.
What achieved through legal means, forcing Brexit through a parliamentary vote, was politically monumental and may be key in staving off the whole fiasco. Let's remember that today
One million Brits face having to retake driving test and getting new licence after Brexit
STOP BREXT!!!! STAY UNITED!!!!
I find the key to making good decisions is being open to revisiting them in light of new data #BREXIT
Brexit was that the UK had all the cards, but now tells us that the EU has all the cards What lies we were told ! Is this the truth now. ?
Wine protectionism and brexit: how worried should #wine lovers be? By and #trade #protectionism
I tell you what. I don’t agree with much of what said today but by god I wish we had a Prime Minister reflective of his statesmanship. #brexit
well if your right that he is a brexiteer think yourself Lucky the very popular Corbyn didn't Campaign for Leave or it would been 60 -40 for Brexit
Don't be worried about #Brexit, no matter what happens – our legal partners explain the myriad of ways you can move to #Spain even if there's a #NoDeal #ExpatLife #WithdrawalAgreement #BrexitDebate #UKEU
My (mercifully brief) post on the recent FutureTV conference in London. Bonus suppressed rage at Brexit
Sorry I missed it. Did you say that you will be voting May’s bad deal down and supporting a #PeoplesVote because you have changed your mind on Brexit? Sure you agree that the electorate should also be allowed to change their mind, especially now options are clear??
Attorney general said today (k.Clark surprised) ... a delayed Art50 can't be restarted! Surely this means it's March or never for Brexit??!!
Top Brexit donors predict Britain will stay in EU as Theresa May braces for humiliating defeat of her deal Stay sponsor of Brussels and you will come to heaven with a good pension.
Interesting!
Actually I like the rejection with volume that might be happening here. Going to replace that half $DUST position I trimmed with $GLD puts. Helps define risk through Brexit stuff overnight too.
The moment I put turned on the livestream of the #Brexit debate, my wifi died. Big mood
It looks like the EU is hitting the economic buffers. As Germany goes into recession they need our business. We need to leave, get clear, sort out the problems of regaining our independence, and offer the EU a trade deal that doesn't involve us paying them protection money!
Coming to save brexit britain
Then he will be rushing back to host another illegal hunt.
Across the street from the Houses of Parliament, the biggest Brexit circus yet
Germany says EU ready to talk if UK rejects Brexit deal | Article [AMP] | Reuters
this has been shared a lot on my Twitter feed. Presumably you know about this?! I’d’ve thought you’d have been sharing it and it’d give me confidence it was worth pursuing if I knew you backed it....
Uh-huh - probably because she’s pretty sure Corbyn will lose a ‘no confidence’ vote. Tories will remain united if only to keep Labour out.
Didn't we choose last time for a strong and stable tory government rather then the chaos of a Labour government. Does not matter who you voted for this government are not fit for purpose and we deserve better. #Brexit
#brexit #economics #brexitvote #eu #politics I have no idea what I am writing but I thought I'd blog about trade and that includes brexit.
I agree and I'm concerned now, I'm on the south coast of the UK. Just bought douglas Murray's 'Death of Europe' and it's fascinating. The brexit situation is terrible, society are so divided. We can't continue to support uncontrolled immigration at this speed.
The best choice is a hard-#Brexit now so that the #UK keeps the #GBP 35 Bn. #Brexit #Remoaners #EU27 #EUBudget
And Brexit will hit poorest the most....very socialist!
Under the Tories pensioner poverty is already on the rise and people who are retired on very low incomes should not lose out on Pension Credit simply because they have a younger partner -
If Corbyn stands on a Brexit ticket... I think hung parliament is far more likely which gets us square root of nowhere
Blog also including updates from in Westminster!
#WakeUpAmerica #BuildTheWall #Trump2020 #YellowVests #Brexit Table of Contents: Is Crestone/Baca the "Vatican City of the New ...
A nation ‘bored of Brexit’ risks sleepwalking into disaster | John Harris
#MLK 's birthday today Let it also be the death day of Brexit
Today I presented the EU Withdrawal No. 2 Bill so that MPs have an opportunity to stop ‘no deal’ Brexit. We need to leave the European Union with a deal.
Are you wondering how #Brexit will impact UK contractors? Read this article to find out: #BrexitVote #EU #UK #ScoutSmart
So we’re going to slash all tariffs after Brexit. One wonder, what would the incentive for anyone to do trade deals with us if they already get free access to our markets?
Tonight I will be voting down Theresa May's bad Brexit deal. It fails to meet the promises made in the referendum and settles nothing. #BrexitVote #VoteDownTheDeal
Not sure this is good news, the tally was supposedly 100 before
Listen folks With regards to Brexit, what's done is done. Period. Now from a NI point of view, where are all the headlines on twitter about RHI NAMA etc. Nowhere to be seen. We as a people (NI) will never learn, we let our
For today I'm just watching one channel BBC World News to see how BREXIT vote Deal will go.
No #Brexit now more likely than a no-deal departure via on
Government ‘sneaks out’ £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote
This is so entertaining
Tempting to take sides in this lovely little chat and declare a winner, but who cares. Governments on both sides of the pond have figured out they can get people to vote against their own self interest. Brexit is a classic example.
Very true. The time has come.
Ahem...
Because many voters do not appreciate the catastrophic enormity of being outside the EU and the only country in the WTO with no trade deals with anyone! As Leaders Scramble to Stop No-Deal Brexit, Many Voters Dismiss the Panic
No one would ever trust the result of a second refendum. It would clearly be rigged, interesting time to see whether politicians in this country do what the people want. If they don’t do what the people want, they can have no complaints about what the people do in response!
The DOOMSDAY Brexit Preppers! Meet the British families who keep cupboards with food
Jacob Rees-Mogg tells Susanna Reid to stop 'doing down Brexiteers' intelligence'
Ah Brexit. The gift that keeps on giving. Speaking of giving, I give to you NEW SUNAN MUSIC! Ghost In The Flame, out now. The perfect soundtrack for unmitigated clusterfuckery. Hit the linksss -&gt;
Parliament debates and votes on May's Brexit deal – watch live via
Your analogy fails on the simple grounds that Brexit was not a coherent proposition. It was a rainbow coalition of mutually-incompatible fantasies.
Posted...
We are indeed mad to want to lose our Freedom of Movement because we don’t want other Europeans to have the same. Our children and children’s children will never forgive us such an ill-thought out, mad and selfish act.
Anything to take the focus off the clusterfuck that is Tory Brexit
Hard Brexit would hit Danish bacon and butter exports to the UK
The DOOMSDAY Brexit Preppers! Meet the British families who keep cupboards with food
#Schwatzbude is the German word you're looking for, . Famous quip by the Kaiser, and popular as late as the 1930s. #Bercow #Brexit I'm sure Nigel Farage could get you a dictionary on his next trip to Berlin-Spandau (alas, the Hess prison is flattened).
EMA said it will further temporarily reduce or suspend activities in the first half of 2019 as it moves into the final phase of its physical relocation. #EMA
Delingpole: Until Britain Gets Full Brexit There Can Never Be Peace in the Realm via
. . . Momentum for development and peace. #Brexit #NoBrexit Don't leave us! Stay with us! Stop the chaos. Turn around. #StopBrexit #2ndReferendum Europe is stronger with #UK - #UK will be weaker without Europe! #Peace #Democracy #Liberty
The deal delivers a Brexit that lets Britain fulfill its wrongheaded, feverish desire to reduce immigration even when it needs skilled migrants (and seemingly believes the ones it has, aren't). It also lets you have no say in EU regulation, but avoids losing sovereignty under WTO
Rather than focusing it's energy on internal party divisions, the Government must do what's right for the country and rule out a No Deal #Brexit.
The DOOMSDAY Brexit Preppers! Meet the British families who keep cupboards with food
Brexit is for all Palace fans even the remoaners mate.
I think we all remember what happened the last time someone made it about a choice between order and chaos #strongandstable
Today in Brexit-related set theory, this FT headline: Either the prime minister loses badly, or loses very badly
I thought this was a joke at first ... Brexiteer MP calls on Theresa May to suspend parliament until April in order to "guarantee Brexit" via
Is this just like how the brexit politicians said the negotiations would be easy in the first place? I'm tired of fanciful promises that go against common sense. If you know someone doesn't live up to their side of agreements, you stop trusting them.
Somewhat like the owner of a Brexit championing newspaper, tax exiled in France
Sounds about right
Clean Brexit?!?!? You lying, scheming, vicious piece of crap. Beyond obvious what's happening. Stop pretending you're on people's side.
Wait! What? You mean a... *Insert dramatic music here* A SECOND VOTE??!! If it's good enough for the Commons, it's good enough for the People. Time for a #PeoplesVote on #Brexit
Just to add to the gang down at Parliament, environmental activists are wandering down the street. #Brexit
The agreement won’t effect the union, but by not voting for it you might be and the possibility of no Brexit stop behaving like children in the playground you’re playing with peoples lives stop the uncertainty and #BackTheBrexitDeal
#Falkirk #MPs to vote against #TheresaMay's #Brexit deal tonight because of the negative impact it would have on #Scotland #politics #news
Vote down the deal and let's WTO Brexit.
literally cries over the bashing by on Brexit Jacob is well aware that it will be an economic disaster if UK crashes out with no deal still he advocates it Criminal #BrexitVote #BrexitDeal #Brexit
Haha typical brexiteer. Loud and aggressive but not too intelligent. Longs for the return of the British empire but doesn't understand that the UK is no longer a world power.If anything you lot are losing influence by leaving the EU but you're too thick to understand.Enjoy brexit
Everyone pause Brexit for a minute and wildly speculate about the Spider-Man trailer instead.
This is the first non “who’s a good boy”, “tummy tickle” interview I have heard with Sextus’ father. Rattled are you love?
Scotland's finances. This explains why rUK is so keen to keep us. It's time to #DissolveTheUKUnion #Scotland #BrexitVote #Brexit #MeaningfulVote #indyref2 #EU
Join the EU &amp; you accept CU, SM rules, ECJ jurisdiction. Ignoring the money May's deal retains CU, keeps SM rules &amp; ECJ jurisdiction. We will not have taken back control of our laws, borders or trade &amp; in all probability never will.
Just on the basis of a glimpse into the "meaningful debate", what (I think is tht Englland is going to get Brexit. (And regret it). We have to decide now if we're coming along for the ride.
Have we flogged Brexit to death yet?
AfD Tones Down Dexit Ideas in EU Elections Manifesto Amid Brexit Uncertainty via
Mark Hurd discussing global markets, IT, spending and brexit with #OracleCloudDay
If the final Brexit Deal is Norway Plus Plus would it be acceptable to remainers and leavers?
Listening to the olderpeople that Stephen Chittenden interviewed in #Basildon for 's show, re Brexit. "Just get out", "just leave", "we'll be alright just like before we joined the EU" etc. And the gem "our kids disagree" Frightening level of complacency.
Today is a crucial day for the #BrexitDeal - in a month's time will be bringing his show Brexit Through The Giftshop
This is where Corbyn is trapped. If he moves a motion of No Confidence he loses and protects her, if he doesn’t his whole dubious #Brexit ‘policy’ collapses!
If they have no choice but to implement Brexit they should also have no choice but to give the NHS an extra £350,000,000 a week. If we can’t back track on the vote, then why can they back track on their promises? #BrexitDeal #NHS
#HillaryBenn talked a lot of sense. #Labour should adopt his stance. Would make a better leader than #Corbyn #parliament #brexit #BrexitDeal #Labour #remain
Germany says EU ready to talk if UK rejects Brexit deal | Article [AMP] | Reuters
James O'Brien is that articulate token lefty that sits in a metropolitan bar shaking his head at people whilst telling them that they just ''don't understand the negative outcomes of social mobility in an open stratification system''.
If #EU27 is lucky then it will be only 73 days we have got rid off the cherry pickers #brexit #UK Of course there will be some harm for #EU27 as well BUT at least #EU27 has a chance to develop #EU27 further w/o #Trump s #disastercapital #Trojanhorse #UK &amp; can fight #Putin
next part of a to z free blog for money : PM May Set for Brexit Vote Defeat, Germany Avoids Technical Recession - US Market Open #wanitaxigo
Live updates as MPs prepare for meaningful vote on Brexit deal
Brexit: Huge poll shows 60% favour second referendum
I'm a Canadimerican, so take that for what it is, but I very much hope that when the #Brexit vote fails today, that #Article50 is delayed (if not revoked) and that a #SecondReferendum is called, wherein the British public votes against #Brexit, now that details are known.
. team does it again. I now very nearly understand Brexit.
literally cries over the bashing by on Brexit Jacob is well aware that it will be an economic disaster if UK crashes out with no deal still he advocates it!! Criminal #BrexitVote #BrexitDeal #Brexit
Brexit is such a fucking mess. Can England just leave the UK as well as the EU?
From 15 May pensioners have to claim Universal Credit - if their partner is below pension age, #Brexit
The promises of #Brexit were sold on lies, and now that the public knows the truth, they must have their say, and must have the opportunity to change their minds.
1. I think it’s important that regardless of how Brexit situation is resolved, moving forward we deal with the issue of latency. Protocols need to be set out to tackle requirement for a decision made at point A is once it’s ready to be enacted at point B (if by B there’s change)
Got bored with the Brexit debate. This is so much more fun.
Why isn’t star interviewer on ? Natural successor to Paxman.
The latest updates as MPs prepare to cast 'meaningful vote' on Theresa May's #Brexit deal at last
"Brexit is bad. Immigrants make Britain great. They also cooked and served your food today." A restaurant across the river from Parliament is putting anti-Brexit slogans on its receipts.
There was an election after the Brexit vote. Apparently, by your logic, Remainers won that election. Odd thing that. Looks like your fellow citizens had second thoughts.
The latest updates as MPs prepare to cast 'meaningful vote' on Theresa May's #Brexit deal at last
Agreed Mr Rees-Mogg was typically unflappable. Even when it’s pointed out that the lies retracted by The Sun were still on his Twitter account &amp; that his economist of choice had said that Brexit would decimate industry and agriculture that Bertie Wooster schtick never faltered.
Jamelia has spoken.
If the Brexit deal is voted down tonight, I wonder if the Prime Minister will finally realise she needs to work with Labour to achieve a soft Brexit? #BrexitVote
Content is king &amp; creative, user-friendly #seo #contentwriting attack the more #traffic. So, your #onlinebusiness depends on wonderful #contentmarketing. I will be your content #writer for #blog #articles. #Pogba #Gillette #Dhoni
Had #HMGovernment been fairer in sharing nationwide any prosperity from #EU membership there would have been no majority to leave. #Brexit
ALL THESE MP S HAVE SECOND PASSPORTS, LOTS OF MONEY, PROPERTIES ABROAD ALREADY AND ARE NOT LOSING MUCH, WHEREAS YOU AND I LOSE ALL OUR RIGHTS AND BECOME PRISONER CELL BLOCK UK WHERE WE BECOME SLAVES WITH NO EU PROTECTION FOR WORKER'S OR HUMAN RIGHTS.
GBP / USD: plan for the American session on January 15. Pound lowers before the key vote on Brexit #forex
Never too late to do the right thing. We don’t need a pragmatic best-of-a-bad lot deal. Do you really really think it would be better than what we have? If not, then you must vote against. You are a representative not a delegate.
UK business braces for Brexit vote
Migration experts accuse the British government of creating a ‘manufactured’ pre-Brexit crisis while new risks lie ahead for millions of EU migrants.
Theresa May facing crunch vote on her Brexit deal
Brexit vote news LIVE: Theresa May faces crushing defeat on her deal after MPs vote on amendments selected by John Bercow
Winston Churchill would have sorted this mess out, this Brexit I am sure is not what the People who voted to leave the EU wanted,&amp; I am one of them, we were turkeys voting for Christmas #Brexit
CURRENCIES : British Pound Volatile As Brexit-vote Day Arrives
Why the fuck is village idiot Theresa May crafting a plan B when the stupid twat doesn't even have a plan A. I'd sooner trust brexit in the hands of Harvey Price.
Brexit vote: two words... Lunatics Asylum #MeaningfulVote #brexit #brexitvote
Brexit: Everything you need to know about the 'meaningful vote'
Lincolnshire MP u-turns over PM's Brexit deal and the reactions are brutal
Scene at #Westminster. As the final #Brexit deadline inches closer, both , and the process of leaving the European Union seem utterly drained of purpose. #BrexitVote #MeaningfulVote
Useful guide for anyone who wants to understand the #brexit vote in the House of Commons tonight
Also including updates from in Westminster!
Not sure how many UK elections were bankrolled by the Russians. Putin must be rubbing his hands in glee at the UK brought to its knees by brexit. Much cheaper for him than an ICBM.
great stuff Tom
May has plotted to find a way to permanently lock the UK into the EU, mechanism of choice the backstop, May is wants the backstop included in the WA, without it BRINO, which is her aim, would not be possible, if she wanted BREXIT it would never have been included in the WA.
Drug firms preparing for no-deal Brexit told to sign ‘gagging orders’ Pl sign ’s petition asking Govt to release info on which medicines they stockpiling in case of a no deal Brexit #StockpileMedicine
John Bercow says it is ‘lamentable’ that Labour MP forced to postpone birth over crucial Brexit vote
A #Brexistremist parliamentarian is singing the virtues of the UK government &amp; claiming the #Brexit referendum was perfectly clear, while rejecting the Brexit deal the UK government has negotiated. All dressed up with anti-German WWII rhetoric to make people stop thinking.
Pauline knows that the people of Amber Valley Erewash &amp; Derby voted to leave eu in high numbers &amp; not leave in name only. Leave vote is even higher in these parts now. Time our PM left london behind and visited Derbyshire where people know leaave means leave even without a deal
Cut the vote age 75, give older citizens A pill to save on pensions. Donot laugh there are some who think on these lines.
I believe in democracy - I’d like some more of it. The referendum result was based on fraud and fantasy and was won by a very small margin. Young people, Brits living in the EU and EU migrants living in here weren’t given a vote. 1.5 million have died so won’t suffer Brexit.
Your people are key assets for your #business. Have you considered future workplace arrangements after #Brexit? #AreYouBrexitReady
Theresa May nearly lied to the country about Brexit. Again.
after 10 years in solitude and believed to be the last of his kind, Romeo, the world loneliest frog, has been found a mate. Never mind #Brexit this is the sort of story #twitter was designed for. #lonelyfrog.
A no deal brexit.
WE are starting to wonder if Parliament is the right place to "Govern" us today
Brexit vote: MPs told they face choice between order and 'chaos' as May heads for huge defeat - Politics live
No, Brexit Britain doesn't want its empire back | The Opinion Pages
EITHER THAT OR HAVE AN ECONOMY THE SIZE OF BANGLADESHES! ALSO THE DEATH TOLL WILL BE ENORMOUS AS THE ECONOMY READJUSTS.
British Prime Minister faces defeat in historic Brexit deal vote
If she wasn't pandering to the racists wanting to stop immigration we could have had a Brexit format that had general support of the nation. Instead we get Windrush and a 40,000 shortage of nurses. #FBPE
Philip Hammond in under 40 seconds #Brexit #satire #Autumnstatement #budget #autumnbudget #brexitbudget #DUP #TheresaMay #ToriesOut #Tories #MayMustGoNow #philiphammond #thebudget 37
It's a huge day for #Brexit — but the divorce deal appears doomed, via
Scotland's finances. This explains why rUK is so keen to keep us. It's time to #DissolveTheUKUnion #Scotland #BrexitVote #Brexit #MeaningfulVote #indyref2 #EU
If Brexit were a phone deal... #BrexitDeal #BrexitDay #BrexitVote #BrexitVotetime #BrexitChaos #RevokeA50 #Article50
As banks move systems from London to other financial hubs due to #Brexit, shadow IT will prove a challenge – read how it can be overcome:
democracy = parliament delivering on what the public has voted for, the public like it or not voted for brexit, whether it was this brexit or not, this goes against democracy
This is a useful timetable of events for this evening's entertainment - as it were -
We already know how to vote on another Brexit ref, but honestly Westminster should just shelve that forever and return to (trying) to govern the country.
The latest poll (7-8th January) still shows majority say leaving EU is the wrong decision (47-41). You have to look at the same question. So, no, there is no contradiction, you just need to grow up and accept people had no idea what they voted for.
I was a remain voter, but perfectly happy with Labours position on this. Backing another referendum will just lose Labour leave votes to Tories and UKIP. Further division, still end up with Brexit but a horrible Tory one. Makes no sense for Labour to back one.
Their noses are that deep into the EU money trough that all they see is money money not DEMOCRACY, Brexit or the ppl
We come from differing positions but that doesn’t stop me hoping, and believing, you’ll get it sorted out. Watched your move with interest and a certain amount of “wish it was me”. Have fun!!
just to go back to the Brexit conversation (as i was driving) and European courts, the current trial about Hillsborough wouldn’t be happening if it wasn’t for the ECHR
Funny how after 2 years this will end up being a No Deal #Brexit. Imagine spending 2 years at something only to not be able to come to an agreement. Imagine what could have been achieved if plans for a No Deal were worked on from day 1.
Well this is thumping. Polling by Hope Not Hate and Best for Britain has found that 60% of the public back a fresh referendum if MPs are unable to decide on Brexit.
Include details about your organisation's approach to #SRM in your tender and contracts so suppliers understand how you would like to engage with them. #Brexit #efficiencies #SupplyChain
#PeoplesVote to remain! Our government is so corrupt, it will get worse after #Brexit
I just wonder if anything again will cut through the time given to Brexit in Parliament. It's not easy to see light at the end of the tunnel; following our withdrawal, we still have a transition period, then of course in the first two years post-transition they'll be more process
This is the state of "debate" in Leinster House as the Withdrawal Agreement and the backstop that has been the cornerstone of the government's #brexit policy are being laid to rest in Westminster. Where is the opposition? Where is political accountability?
How do you view the situation unfolding if Irish people are stopped and searched at a British imposed brexit border in Ireland, post the GF peace agreement ? ? I expect British soldiers will be 'chased around' again
Some of the Brexit protesters are barking right enough
MPs are lining up to say why they won’t be voting for Theresa May’s Brexit deal On 15 January, Theresa May’s Brexit deal is finally going to the vote. If the predictions are right, and May loses by more than … Read more MPs are lining up to say why…
Shameful stuff
is this about brexit
The DWP used Brexit to sneak out another benefit cut The Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) has appeared to use Brexit as cover to ‘sneak’ out details of a benefit cut. And for … Read more The DWP used Brexit to sneak out another benefit cut T…
yup that's me in a nutshell. Always angling for a fight. Is brexit off yet?
What a clever idea. Call it for 7th April, then parliament is dissolved and Brexit happens automatically on 29th March. Bring it on.
With America divided and in presidential turmoil, UK divided over brexit, Putin rubbing his hands saying how much he loves it when a plan comes together, he’s having his marching boots polished to divide and conquer
'We fought TERRORISTS to stay in UK!' DUP warning for eurocrats trying to break up UK
Featuring this very good piece from Nick Crafts of which suggests, among other things, that No Deal would mean a bigger structural deficit than the one the Coalition had in 2010:
Can you spare a minute to help Yvonne Tierney?
I didn't anticipate rain this afternoon (hung the washing out and everything), but still entirely capable of understanding what caused it.
If you want to witness history... tune in
Trust me, plenty of going to the Casa Blanca too. Maybe if our leaders ate better they'd govern better? #Brexit #USGovernmentShutdown
Brexit means overdraft
The problem is that austerity and Brexit are inextricably linked. The latter will lead to more of the former, regardless of the government. I think labour is so wrong on this if it won’t get behind reform and remain.
They can have another in 40 years.
Latest read Brexit amendments start 2et main vote 3et expected to take awhile..
Delingpole: Until Britain Gets Full Brexit There Can Never Be Peace in the Realm
ITV referencing Solskjaer's "success" as Man Utd manager when explaining a Norway style Brexit trade agreement just goes to show that the media will talk about Utd at every opportunity. Pointless and irrelevant.
Pro &amp; anti-Brexit camps are uniting against PM May. Her proposal to quit EU while maintaining close economic and political ties, is seen as the worst of both worlds - forcing the UK to abide by EU rules while foregoing any benefits of membership. #BrexitVote #TheresaMay #GBP
Brexit vote: Gove tells Tories they can 'improve' outcome if May's deal passed - Politics live
Don't you think in this age of the epitome of human endeavor and intelligence the we need closer ties and better understanding globally if we are to survive beyond the next few decades..?'
Scotland's finances. This explains why rUK is so keen to keep us. It's time to #DissolveTheUKUnion #Scotland #BrexitVote #Brexit #MeaningfulVote #indyref2 #EU
You what? Don’t you know any history? There’s oodles of scope for things to get worse for everyone just looking at past precedent. Brexit could plunge millions more into poverty and make it impossible for any government to do anything about it.
Interesting that all these anti Brexit lot can turn up and protest on a Tuesday afternoon. Obviously not the working type.
Lecture with Fintan O'Toole, - Heroic Failure: Brexit and the Politics of Pain. Wed. 16th January at 4pm. Gallery 2, Glucksman Gallery. Free of charge, all welcome!
Spot on #ManagedWTOTerms #CleanBrexit #NO£39bn
Moreover, Corbyn has to stay steadfastly opposed to a “Tory Brexit” to hold his coalition of anti-Brexit momentum &amp; pro-Brexit heartlands together.
By listening to those, you reject those who aren't asking for such, who wish to see &amp; voted for Brexit You're also asking for such to occur on the basis of nothing more than an opinion poll Present Labour activity is in-line with that agreed at conference
Watching the #Brexit debate, and is giving his best impersonation of Jim Hacker's “eurosausage” speech.
This is the most truth spoken in #Westminster in the past 3 years!
DD during the negotiations went only 4 hours a week to work. Also the German car industry wanna preserve the single market. The single market is a huge money maker only a mad country would leave it #peoplesvote
Germany says EU ready to talk if UK rejects Brexit deal | Article [AMP] | Reuters
Scant Brexit means Paid Brexit
Countdown to Brexit: How many working days do MPs have before 29 March? #BrexitVote
It will be on BBC Parliament Rob
. "Compromise cannot come at any price and the deal before us involves the most severe and enduring risks for our economy, our democracy, while stifling the opportunities of Brexit that fired up over 17 million people with optimism and hope to vote in June 2016."
Sure then we get to vote between Tory Brexit or unknown Labour Brexit! What about those of us who want no Brexit?
Part2 Elizabeth&amp;Philip’s accommodation in The Tower was serviceable,if not particularly luxurious&amp;samba Philip’s aide-de-ever-so-camp had moved in with Meggin’s drama set&amp;been cast as lead in ‘Well, hello there,ducky’ which was guaranteed2B a Hollywood blockbusting arse filler.
I don't think anyone saw this coming - the entry of non-league football clubs into the Brexit debate. As far as I know from being there last week still have no position on Brexit, and I think right now we need results not statements
Well that’s a fantastic Brexit dividend! Garden or starve? What a fucking idiot Littlejohn man is.
BBCNEWS 7:13am BREXIT DEAL VOTE '. MPs will vote tonight on proposed deal to leave EU; I
Decision day for May's Brexit bill as UK Parliament holds key vote
Dominic Raab's speech about "something better, something brighter" after Brexit is utterly incompatible with the prospect of Britain under a no deal that many of his colleagues are angling for.
In 2003, it was those opposed to Britain joining the monetary union that were portrayed as lacking any economic sense. “the anti-Europeans want to hum Land of Hope and Glory as they nuke the British economy.” "Those Who Do Not Learn History Are Doomed To Repeat It." #brexit
NEW: Labour has opted out of a Facebook ad war over today’s Brexit vote as rival parties pump cash into the platform to make themselves heard.
's been astoundingly out of touch &amp; has ill-judged all sides throughout, but now that even she will find it hard to delude herself, will she be willing, deliberately, in front of the whole world, to stab #Brexit &amp; democracy in the back? Not sure she will.#skynews #lbc
The man strikes again
May's deal (or any of its variants) lead inexorably to a permanent customs union and membership of a quasi-single market. The only thing we will be leaving behind is our seat, say and vote. Please do not inflict a pointless Brexit on the country. Please.
Here is a post I did for RTE Brainstorm. On the day of the Brexit vote in the UK it makes sense to me to look at alternatives to a hard border. Perhaps Donald Trump could look at something similar instead of his famous wall. #Bre…
#Brexit If a business had reached this point, they'd say: "Stop! Think again." We were wrong. Yes we asked the workforce what they wanted, &amp; we tried to do it. But it's not going to work; they they didn't realise The Plan would reduce their wages &amp; put half of them out of work.
New post: Wells Fargo, JP Morgan and Brexit Vote Challenge US Stock Markets Today With premarket tradin
Future Of Theresa May's Brexit Deal, And Brexit Itself, Hinges On Pivotal Vote #Brexit
Same as Boris Johnson yesterday, all JRM could do was spout a lot of soundbites without any facts at all. This is a man who will be held to account on Brexit, and people apparently feel as though he should get a free ride without facts and sources?
There’ll be more blood on the carpet with the #brexitDebate #brexit
I hope they vote for Chaos with Ed Miliband as I did! That worked out well.
#BrexitVote I would prefer a NO-Deal Brexit !! Why should we still be governed by EU Laws during the Transistion period and NOT allowed to make Our OWN Trade Deals There is NO Legal president for the £'s the EU want us to pay. Iceland left without a "Bill"
Mad how none of you were so vocal in wanting a no deal brexit on WTO terms in 2016 isn't it. Absolute gang of blaggers.
Greater Manchester and Liverpool City Region mayors join calls to take #NoDeal off the table - and extend Article 50 'if necessary'
team does it again! I very nearly understand Brexit!
This one could be designed by
I suspect many out there think Brexit IS a time machine.
mogg for pm
Fun analogy. The UK is basically starting to sound like we're Andrew Ridgeley telling George Michael we want to leave Wham because of all the future wonderfully successfully solo albums we'll be recording all around the world. #brexit #peoplesvote #fbpe #bollockstobrexit
#Brexit: Irish cabinet discusses 'no deal plans'
Brexit: Six things EU could do if Theresa May's deal gets voted down | MPs will vote later on Theresa May's deal for leaving the European Union. It is widely thought it will be defeated, with many... |
Great photo Joanne #Backto60 to the fore and brexit pushed into background just as it should be
British Jews take German path to Europe after Brexit
It’s D day. Theresa May after her Brexit Deal doesn’t go through. #Brexit #BrexitVote
Chargin me brexit slam as we speak.,,
Just on the basis of a glimpse into the "meaningful debate", what I get is tht England is going to get Brexit. (And regret it). We have to decide now if we're coming along for the ride.
Yeah.... he actually said that. #BrexitVote
Svexit seemed a lot quicker than Brexit
Live: UK MPs in final debate before historic Brexit deal vote
Scotland's finances. This explains why rUK is so keen to keep us. It's time to #DissolveTheUKUnion #Scotland #BrexitVote #Brexit #MeaningfulVote #indyref2 #EU
Why these recolonization mentality always is domiciled in our leaders, if UK was genius enough why didn't they sort themselves out of Brexit
Should have asked him how much he stands to personally gain from Brexit.
No. You replace the backstop by doing so. Without some form of change here we move one step closer to no deal at all or no Brexit.
#Brexit means currency headwinds for $DAL in the near term. After many quarters of saying impact would be minimal this is the first indication that it might be more than that. #AvGeek
No surprise the government snuck this announcement out the eve before the Brexit vote. It is far less likely to get any meaningful mainstream news coverage &gt;DWP sneaks in £7,300 cut to Pension Credit couples via
2020 GOP results foreshadowed.
MTD is more likely a reality than Brexit! Making Tax Digital – April 2019 #Brexit #MTD
Germany says EU ready to talk if UK rejects Brexit deal | Reuters
Another bit of #BadNewsBurying deviousness from the Tories, just like they did with the 's report about the #GraveAndSystemic #HumanRightsViolations of #DisabledPeople's #HumanRights. Thank goodness for intrepid investigators such as &amp; alternative news sources
EU could hold more Brexit talks if MPs reject May's deal “We need to take informed decisions with total calm and avoid a no-deal exit. Practically anything is better than a no-deal exit,” said Mr Centeno, who predicted the EU could “adjust our trajectory”
Hard Brexit would hit Danish bacon and butter exports to the UK
LEAVE MEANS LEAVE #BrexitDeal #BREXIT #LeaveMeansLeave #LEAVE
For those overseas: is Brexit being seen as Russian meddling? Or no?
utterly demolishes over #brexit. #PeoplesVote #Remain
Dominic Raab who didn't know that Dover-Calais meant commerce between us and Europe wanting hard #Brexit in the House of Commons now. My definition of England is not his. Oh dear but think is going down badly.
I thought that every single Scottish constituency voted to remain?
For some reason, Boreham Wood FC decided to write (genuinely) a colourful 1500-word Brexit essay on their homepage today. This is Doncaster Belles' brilliant response.
I think it's just got a bit out of hand and agree with you on the irony of using food at a time when UC is biting hard and lots of people are concerned about Brexit.
Trouble wiv #EU is it's gone way beyond original intention - A CommonMarket EU's become 'government' of member states undermining what states want 2 do themselves! A '1 size fits all' not giving way 4 different states unique #politics &amp; identity #Brexit
The Act of Union was signed 312 years ago. The EU was created 26 years old. The people of Scotland were fully aware Brexit was a possibility when they voted.
That is why I get angry with those who want to stop a no deal Brexit. You don't mean to tell me they don't know the EU is desperate for our money &amp; will fare far worse than we will under a no deal. The question is, what are there motives? These are the faces of those dark forces
ABP Reassures Disruption Will Be Avoided in Case of No-Deal Brexit Scenario
Raab wouldn't know a cliff edge if he was in negotiations regarding a town known for its cliff edge
74 days to #Brexit. Today at 7pm MPs will vote on May’s deal: the withdrawal agreement, which includes: a 21 month transition period, the £39 divorce bill, the Northen Ireland backstop (which is designed to prevent a hard border if a trade deal can’t be done) and.. [1/2]
[2/2] The political declaration on the future relationship of the UK with the EU and an end to freedom of movement. May’s deal is unlikely to go through Parliament. #Brexit
he is wasted talent in the UK was right on Brexit from Day 1
How will a no-deal Brexit hit travel in and out of the UK and Europe? vía
Cant vote. No No Brexit option.
A restaurant in Stoke Newington is offering a 25% discount on #Pizza to customers who have written to their MPs asking them to back a #PeoplesVote on #Brexit. Read more here:
Brexit was wished away by Rocket Raccoon using the Infinity Gauntlet at the end of Endgame
Thing is, there just isn't much time. The EU's said no to more negotiations and the EU27 would need a f*****g good reason to extend A50. And it's hard to see what that good reason would be. Labour's "jobs-first" Brexit would get short shrift. It'll be May's deal in the end
The latest INFOWEB NEWS! #worldatwork #brexit
Dominic Raab, failed UK negotiator, talks of his 2 children, while 300,000 UK children live in poverty, and 200,000 more face poverty thanks to #Brexit Tory Hypocrisy and Stupidity.
KATE HOEY CLUELESS ABOUT BREXIT. REMAIN AND STAY PROSPEROUS. DO NOT RAPE OTHER WOMEN OF THEIR RIGHTS, HUMAN RIGHTS, PENSION RIGHTS, MATERNITY RIGHTS. WE ARE NOT ALL OVER PRIVILEGED LONDONERS.
Reading the #BBC about #Brexit votes today and get a pop-up ad that Koch Industries is a leader in #CSR.. Today may be the day I move to a forest.
Vote Leave’s legal challenge to Electoral Commission investigation thrown out
WHAT'S THE BEST BREXIT OPTION FOR BRITAIN? I voted SECOND REFERENDUM on CNN International. What's your vote?
MPs voting for the deal because ‘people are telling us to just get on with it’ - how is this an argument? You say that when anything of impending doom is coming: major operations, exams, children’s birthday parties. It does not mean you would rather it not happen. #brexit
Within the walls of these innocuous Westminster town houses, a well-funded collection of closely connected groups have been diligently astroturfing, lobbying, coercing, plotting and scheming with politicians and media platforms for years with the aim of delivering a Brexit that
Brexit is done come April? I'll believe that when I see it. My expectation is that somehow the can will be kicked down the road again and it will continue to create a poisonous division in politics
LIVE: PM vows to respond 'quickly' as she faces huge Brexit deal defeat
In the End, GB has to stand on her own two feet! GB has ALWAYS been good at that! Why be a Worry Wort Country Now? UK will end up STRONGER that Germany which is Weakened by EU! Go Mother Country!
I just don't get the hype around Raab. All the stuff sunlit uplands stuff is sub-Cameron with a Brexit twist.
The man who recently discovered that Dover was very important for our import / exports has the cheek to say he's cheerleading Brexit for his children - utter bullshit #brexitvote
Ahead of the U.K. Vote | Video Analysis | Capital Properties FX #BrexitDeal #BrexitVote #brexit #tradingpsychology
Catriona's No Deal #Brexit letter in The Netherlands, Scary.
#exitfrombrexit with . demanding a #PeoplesVote and a vote of NO confidence in Theresa May and her reckless Brexit government we #DemandBetter demand . next GE!
Britain is going to be the laughing stock and puppy of europe' s parlement and comissiin, if they are revoking brexit! It s british politics that messed up not the orginal referendum !! #brexitvote
She did settle her status immediately. The issue is that Brexit changes that status and all EU citizens need to apply to stay.
D-Day of #Brexit I hope #Westminster will vote against.
Brexit means Brexit Leave means leave You can chuck 'means' between just about anything if you're stuck for placard ideas. #BrexitVote
The United Kingdom voted to leave with or without a deal, not because of a deal.
No! When this brexit vote was first suggested I had no idea which way to vote so I researched ... lots! I read loads, visited lots of EU websites to see what they did etc and gradually over time I came to my conclusion.
‘I don’t trust the government to look after me or my dog’: meet the Brexit stockpilers
Uff, go argue with D Davies, not me. Or the government, with their appalling work. (Ironically it's not May to blame, but the Brexit hardhead clowns and buffoons.) Btw, if the people want a re-vote, what then? Should we all drive off a cliff after a momentary patriotic hard on?
Would the EU allow the UK to change its mind on Brexit? Say your slightly cranky &amp; hostile uncle went on a bender, trashed the room during a Christmas meal, pissed in the soup and spat in the face of the host. Yes, you may invite him next year but things will never be the same.
This country is shit, we live in a society
These Game of Thrones Brexit references are getting ridiculous - Radio Times
Good speech just now by Dominic Raab on brexit vote.
BBC News - Brexit: Your simple guide to the UK leaving the EU
There is more to life than #Brexit. #UKLabour would protect our rights &amp; benefits gained in EU whichever scenario we end up with. Also respect EU citizens.
BREXIT WRECKING! Theresa May’s deal dealt fresh blow as Bercow blocks key amendments
This evening I will be voting down Theresa May's bad Brexit deal. It fails to protect jobs, industries and rights. Whichever way we voted, nobody voted for this. #BrexitVote #VoteDownTheDeal
I don't know how Dominic Raab has the brass neck to stand up in the House of Commons and complain about Brexit. #BrexitVote
Spencer and Alex have split up. Brexit means Brexit in the Owen house
#FBPE the sign of an imbecile !
Needs a thought bubble "Those party members are just so ... annoying" #CorbynOut
This guy is an absolute wanker but he’s right
This ward is united in opposition to a No Deal Brexit under any circumstances #NoDealBrexit
Brexit is now messing with my Danish Bacon. Now I'm pissed off. Seriously pissed off.
It's just an elitist side. UKIP were wiped out electorally after brexit (look at 2017) but anything that doesn't fit a narrative of either British moaning or 'the world is ending' gets pushed out the conversation
FTSE 100 clings to gains as London investors await crucial Brexit vote
New Evidence Emerges of Steve Bannon and Cambridge Analytica’s Role in Brexit November 17, 2018
Catastrophic for whom?!? Us or your Homeland France???
Blundering Cameron &amp; Osborne ignored the lessons of how nationalism changed Scotland, says
Special Brexit quiz: seeking to correlate Brexit stance with how you hang loo roll: "inside" = hangs down against the wall, "outside" = hangs down towards user. Pls RT for bigger sample
WHAT'S THE BEST BREXIT OPTION FOR BRITAIN? I voted SECOND REFERENDUM on CNN International. What's your vote? you?
As the clock ticks ever closer to tonight's Brexit deal vote. has revealed the reasons why he is backing Theresa May
You fools are posting about the burgers or brexit, on the day that The Situation from Jersey Shore is streaming his voluntarily check in to prison for tax evasion.
Turns on Brexit debate. Kate Hoey gets up to speak. Turns off Brexit debate.
What she was meant to do-bog down Brexit under red tape, infighting and beuacracy until it fails and the Left comes back in power and ends it all. Oh and opens the borders with France to finish the planned migrations into UK society.
Everybody's heading for the Brexit, Brexit, Brexit, Brexit #Brexit #Panic #TheSmiths #Morrissey
How's yours going to vote?
This is amazing.
Brexit vote: what could happen next? via
. DominicRaab "Compromise cannot come at any price and the deal before us involves the most severe and enduring risks for our economy, our democracy, while stifling the opportunities of Brexit that fired up over 17 million people with optimism and hope t…
Brexit Deal Vote MPs will vote tonight on proposed deal to leave EU.
Thanks to everyone who came to our Time To Talk #Brexit public meeting last night with councillors &amp; . We listened to the concerns &amp; questions about Brexit and will continue to give EU nationals in Brent the support and information they need.
My macro Brexit/EU Self Destruct play. DM'd
*Dominic, seriously an edit button pls. Raab criticising defeatism and claims he will vote against the deal as it is racked with self-doubt and defeatism. He’s aspiring for something brighter from Brexit apparently. Kate Hoey (Labour), Labour Brexiteer MP, is up.
Restaurant near Parliament putting anti-Brexit slogans on receipts Pity it's taking restaurants to do what Labour should be doing.
Brexit means Brexit Leave means leave Apocalypse means apocalypse #BrexitVote
Still like to know what benefits you see for #Tauntondeane flowing from #Brexit ?
BrExit question hinges around 2 hinge-issues, Constitutional &amp; Trade issues.
Marks and Spencer have announced a further 17 shop closures. It's a list heavy on northern &amp; Brexit voting locations. At the end our current national trauma there will need to be root &amp; branch national reconstruction. M&amp;S don't seem to be amongst the willing hands.
So post Brexit we need a new term for the happily integrated Europeans in France, Germany and low countries. I thought #Brussia and #Brussians had a ring to it Should please the Prussians and reflect the reality of post Trump europe and is not too hard for the Brexist press.
The latest Ondernemen!! #brexitvote #brexit
I'm loving just now.
Sammy must be on drugs. His policy on brexit has helped cause this, people won't forget
Two questions: 1. Why not done earlier? 2. Why kept secret even from Cabinet?
If we make the No Deal Brexit(even my knackers are crossed for that,not just my fingers!),control of the tax legislation is exactly what the treasonous trollop&amp;the rest are trying to take away from Number 10 if we get out! Funny how tax is so low for EU Officials!
Probably the first time Ive seen JRM under any sustained pressure re the big questions - rattled!! Minford has lost his credibility and he provides the bedrock for Moggs economic No Deal model. Starting to unravel juuuuust a little
Restaurant near Parliament putting anti-Brexit slogans on receipts
Haunted pencil telling brexit lies again...
Disgusting sneak out pension cut for the poorest elderly couples, is this your #GreatBritain ? #ToriesOut #DissolveTheUnion
'Start Here': Shutdown, Steve King, Brexit. What you need to know to start your day.
That’s a lie your clearly want a chuka in charge , you clearly want to ignore the reasons for Brexit, We’re are the remain policy’s on helping people
Good old waving a flag to disguise his ignorance... Dom is prepared to suffer the short term chaos of Brexit ... how big of him considering it will have a far bigger impact on people much worse off than this pompous idiot
Spot on
“The tone and content of our parliamentary democracy does not meet women’s needs. Women and minorities need a Brexit campaign that centres on their everyday lives rather than excludes them”
It's rather good natured down in Westminster. Lots of debating. A bit like a massive Speakers Corner. #Brexit #PeoplesVote #BrexitVote
If May plays a blinder and makes every not only say no to the Brexit Deal, and in the end Brexit in any form does not happen then she is a wee legend. Also, quite possibly (not at all) this was her grand plan! She did for remain after all...
Some light relief from the #Brexit tweets.
The DUP will vote with her and so will the 22 rebel Tories as they wont want to lose their seats so soon !! I dont think they will call for a vote of no confidence ... I think they know the score .....but whatever, she has to go ... someone is pullling her strings ....
2 pm ET I think... “Theresa May facing crunch vote on her Brexit deal.”
The “or worse.... no Brexit at all” line that May, Gove &amp; co. keep using isn’t all that effective considering Remaining actually IS the objective most MPs, and as polls suggest, a growing sentiment among the populace too...
#Parliament A real low point in the #brexit debate: Dominic Raab followed by Kate Hoey who agrees with him.
No brexit, no Peace
These people know damn well May's deal is not leaving. They should just be honest &amp; say remain &amp; remain. For now, No deal is the only genuine brexit &amp; that's the real reason remainers are focusing on stopping that with more project fear. Why else is Ken Clarke supporting May?
Failing UK politicians and eight nothing-options if todays’ Brexit vote goes badly
Forbes! Do not come to the villages in the Surrey Hills. They are teeming with extreme far-right extremists in the bakery, butchers, greengrocers, village hall, post office and lurking behind every bush and tree waiting to pounce on journalists and tear them limb from limb.
Well, perhaps voters like those in the UK who supported Brexit--people who yearn for easy answers and venting in response to complicated problems.
British Pound will Jump towards 1.17 vs. the Euro if May's Deal Passes (on a 2nd or 3rd Attempt): UniCredit
A momentous day for the UK... the #Brexit #Brexitvote in parliament, happening at about 7pm UK time, which is about 6am Wednesday morning Australian time. #UKPolitics
This is the big story of the day, not that flip off Brexit rubbish. More pensions woe!
EU taken the piss for. 40 years thats why UK VOTED FOR BREXIT !
amazing TRUTH at last in the house of commons today. Thankyou!! #leavemnsleave #brexit #probrexit
#Brexit will send German economy into a spin. Their fault for not whipping Junker and his political phonies into line.
Turned on to hear some news and instead treated to Brexit vox pops from some thick people in Basildon. Apparently the EU will still have to deal with us as we're the biggest buyer of cars. None of this crap is ever challenged.
Government ‘sneaks out’ £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote
Our country is in chaos, we don’t have a decent leader, her name should be meme, we should have another vote about Brexit, I think people would change there mind, I never wanted to leave the E.U. anyway. Nobody knew the truth about leaving.
Worcester MP Robin Walker remains loyal to PM's Brexit deal ahead of crucial vote
Unbelievably! Not expected at all. But also didn't envisage the half-hearted, half-baked effort from Conservative govt (led by Remainer) derailing an actual "Brexit". If there was a "People's Vote" tomorrow - based on this deal/the last two years' negotiations - I'd vote Remain.
I’m at work now but playing Brexit Bingo with a bottle of red wine this evening. Drain the glass every time I hear “let me be perfectly clear”
Timely #revokeandremain
Wells Fargo, JP Morgan and Brexit Vote Challenge US Stock Markets Today
J.O.B running rings around JRM
It’s all Brexit stuff up here in Parliament but down in West Sussex Buchan Country Park #Crawley’s very own apple variety has been planted! Can’t wait to taste one...
Todays #Brexit vote the EU wants to destroy UK sovereignty. (Guy Verhofstadt).
10.The former Prime Minister also tried to claim the UK could manage its immigration policy while inside the EU. Why are 'Remain' campaigners insisting we start to control immigration in any Brexit deal then? Because we cannot control EU immigration now, proving Cameron was lying
Who'd of told the electorate that Brexit is more like a six to ten year journey back in 2016. I think people literally thought a vote would lead to instant separation from Europe. I think a People's Vote is unlikely, but it would be interesting to see it play out; changed minds?
Brexit: The ONE and MAIN reason Theresa May is ONLY one to blame for #Brexit CHAOS
BBC News - Theresa May facing crunch vote on her Brexit deal
#Brexit-Countdown #BrexitVote
British pound volatile as Brexit-vote day arrives - MarketWatch
When Rees-Mogg tells us how much money he stands to make from Brexit, then I might start to take him seriously. On the other hand, his frequent lying is rather disconcerting.
Lots of politicians intending to vote against the deal, and wanting to rule out no deal. Surely this leaves all the power in the EUs hands, since they can offer any deal they want, or have the UK go with the other option - remain. Win-win for them #brexit #NoDeal
Despite the rival attraction of Brexit, social housing is still headline news. Join us at Edinburgh and Glasgow offices to hear what our experts have to say about the upcoming changes to the social housing sector. Register here:
...So Brexit, the last time the English were this bo***cks was the Crusades. #smartopinion
So thats her answer to political survival. Bore everyone to submission.
Theresa May’s Brexit deal finally goes to vote in Parliament, with defeat all but certain via
Britain's May says she will respond quickly after key Brexit vote - Reuters
Don't know what rinse means because I don't gotta worry about Brexit but I can hear your wooden teeth clanking together like dice pieces from the 1800's. #AtLeastICanGetCavities #YourMouthHasTermites
Arlene Foster talking out of her backstop! #Brexit
That’s Trump too!
Despite Brexit uncertainty and tonight's Brexit vote, Prime Minster MAY shd extend date of triggering of Article 50 by atleast 6 months. She shd go back to Brussels and present a better plan which is in national interest. There is absolute no urgency to triggering article 50.
Translated: we need to integrate further with the EU because our unemployment rate is half theirs. #brexit
SNP MP in last minute plea to Jeremy Corbyn to back second Brexit poll ahead of Commons vote
Well done Moggy
Raab then Hoey. I've missed a golden opportunity to clean out the guinea pig. #brexit
#Brexit If a business had reached this point, they'd say: "Stop! Think again. We were wrong. Yes, we asked the workforce what they wanted, &amp; we tried to do it. But it's not going to work &amp; they didn't realise The Plan would reduce their wages &amp; put half of them out of work."
Torn apart and diffused by the Shaow Attorney General.
It was an honour to be invited to #BritishHighCommission for #RoundTableDiscussion on Future Border Immigration System w.e.f #Brexit. To enable employers to have access to the skills while reducing net migration to #sustainablelevels. #crossborder #inter…
Cc: &amp; of the #RxOnlyPICTURESHOW. Today's, #Brexit update...
Corbyn promises swift and significant action after Brexit vote, as Westminster is two hours from the allotment and his courgettes aren’t going to water themselves.
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
As you might expect, Jolyon is followed by a lot of people who don’t understand democracy majorities… #RemoanerLogic
I ‘ve always believed in self-determination. And the people of England &amp; Scotland( especially the Scots) wanted their freedom from an overzealous E.U.! We in America believe in that! And the European Union has taken away the freedom of citizens in the U.K. &amp; Ireland’s self determ
If you missed it and from earlier
An 'enemy within' speech by #brexit
#Brexit isn't up to #Japan, it isn't up to the CEO of JLR, it isn't up to Honda. It isnt up to , Ian Blackford or . It isn't up to EU nationals here. Its up to the British people. We had a #PeoplesVote &amp; voted to leave . Now get on with it
Delingpole: Theresa May‘s Deal Is Toast; So Probably Is Brexit via
Wow *achieve a real brexit*
Gerard Batten MEP has said that whichever way Parliament votes tonight it will be a "betrayal of Brexit". Read More:
Withdrawal Bill Vote day and the circus has come to Westminster #photography #pressphotography #eu #withdrawalbill #referendum #politics #leave #remain #brexit @ Palace of Westminster
There is no such a thing as “overturning the 2016 #brexit referendum result”. The 2016 referendum is history. What should be there now is an option for the British people to decide the way forward, having the facts explained in front of them. That is #democracy, not cease of it.
He’s a fucking disgrace. His reputation will wither on the vine if and when brexit happens.
Quite the opposite. Britain is already a laughing stock because of Brexit. Only Putin and his muppet Trump want it.
????? We want to leave on WTO
Scotland's finances. This explains why rUK is so keen to keep us. It's time to #DissolveTheUKUnion #Scotland #BrexitVote #Brexit #MeaningfulVote #indyref2 #EU
WHAT'S THE BEST BREXIT OPTION FOR BRITAIN? I voted SECOND REFERENDUM on CNN International. What's your vote?
Brexit deal acceptance in UK is getting nasty. Some call for general election. Others for a second referendum. Coolio....
i believe that labour have a better brexit plan that will be the best for us all. And we van go abck to being great Britain. Conservatives just care about there ego. Topical conservatives threating. #GeneralElectionNow
So post Brexit we need a new term for the happily integrated Europeans in France, Germany and low countries. I thought #Brussia and #Brussians had a ring to it Should please the Prussians and reflect the reality of post Trump europe and is not too hard for the Brexist press.
They blinked. Now is the time for a strongly very public notification the there will be no talks except ones that make no deal go smoother until after March. We have preparations to make and so have they.
The first EU-UK deal, decades ago, took 3 years to be negotiated and finalised; why everyone believe Brexit won’t dominate British politics for years to come is beyond me. #TrueMwk #Politics #Brexit #parliament
“bReXiT mEaNs BrExIt, wE cAnT aCcEpT all thEse iMmiGraNts tO cOmE to oUr cOuNtry aNd ouTperForming oUr kids”
And they campaigned on a Brexit ticket for the last GE.
Even at the 11th hour the lies continue. JRM claims today that Minford has the best track record of economic predictions &amp; that’s why he’s confident Brexit will be a success. He’s actually the worst.
Kate Hoey follows Dominic Raab, congratulates him on his hard-line Brexit speech and then goes on to reiterate the points he made.
People still believe the drivel Mogg spouts ? Really ? Time after time puts him on the spot he hesitates and either lies or retorts with nonsense.....we're all good with hormone injected beef I guess !! #brexit #lbc
Same situation in Stoke. Stokies prefer No Deal over May's Deal but Labour MPs &amp; hear the "we don't like May's Deal" bit but choose not to hear the "we prefer No Deal" bit, replacing it with "we want a soft Brexit".
Brilliant.
As a result of the UK Parliament's #Brexit agreement vote, we are extending our trading hours due to expected market volatility. You can reach our dealing team from 17:30 until 00:00 GMT on +44 (0) 207 197 2421.
#SpiderManFarFromeHome saving #Brexit
Petition: Brexit re article 50 it must not be suspended/stopped under any circumstances
ICYMI The Brexit vote is at 2 p.m. EST today. May is expected to lose and will have THREE DAYS to brief MPs on Plan B. ONE THIRD of her party may vote against her. … #altgov #theresistance #resist
Brexit explained: What is the Norway model and is it an option for the UK? via
In theory the can as they can keep passing it back to the HoC for amendment. Most recently they outright voted down a proposed bill in relation to Brexit. First time in living history I believe...
One of the most important debates for 100 years in the House of Commons, yet the chamber is almost empty... #Brexit
The latest Edinburgh Business Daily! Thanks to #brexit #brexitvote
What's all this about no EU Law Tez?
NOTHING and we are letting them away with it. So with this in mind, let the and and and and tear away with what ever they want. However, when it comes to POST brexit times, lets all please try and
The “or worse.... no Brexit at all” line that May, Gove &amp; co. keep using isn’t all that effective considering Remaining actually IS the objective of most MPs, and as polls suggest, a growing sentiment among the populace too...
May resolute on pushing Brexit deal: Sun - #Brexit
WHAT'S THE BEST BREXIT OPTION FOR BRITAIN? I voted SECOND REFERENDUM on CNN International. What's your vote?
In the UK thousands march against austerity and the media ignore it, but when two momentum supporters are found on the anti brexit line they get full coverage. its their obsession, not ours, we have food banks to worry about.
All these idiot politicians telling us that VOTE LEAVE didn't tell us about the difficulties of leaving the EU, when the only difficulty has been incompetent MPs who can't get us over the line. Prepare for the wrath of the people if #Brexit Is cancelled.
Self declared ' proud immigrant in lovely SNP Scotland ' takes photo of empty shelves after festive season and blames it on Brexit. What an idiot.
As all eyes are on the #Brexit debate today at Commons, the worrying #CounterTerrorism &amp; Border Security Bill goes to 3rd reading at Lords. A number of problematic clauses threaten #pressfreedom &amp; should be amended to include clear journalistic exemptions.
OK OK I've changed my mind to be a remainer, How long does Dry Cured smoked bacon last for by the way !
This is a complete and utter lie... there was indeed a hard border during the conflict - or I was imagining the long queues, the fear and the intimidation #tellthetruthatleast #nohardborder
Wishing you well in the vote today!
Brexit...even the dogs are tired of the turmoil
Tweet it to all
Please to introduce #LettersfromWestminster. MPs face a similar circumstance today when they vote on the Prime Minister’s EU deal. If MPs fail to vote AGAINST in fear of the ‘consciences’ of a ‘hard Brexit’ they will fail again to fully give recourse to the wishes of the people.
British lawmaker Tulip Siddiq delays birth for Brexit vote
Am I right she might have to resign tonight? In which case Johnson will become PM.
Ah lads it's a whole programme discussing music and Brexit AHHHHHH there is no escape, not even in the non English spreading world. for a second I really wished I hadn't a word of German
I disagree. New Evidence Emerges of Steve Bannon and Cambridge Analytica’s Role in Brexit
theyre taking the piss now
Tiger Chops 15 Jan 2019 12:34PM Peter Mandelson receives French Legion d'honneur... Dominic Grieve decorated for work in Franco-British relations... 30 pieces of silver for their services to the EU.
No Deal Brexit with WTO rules &amp; no further EU entanglements EU leaders have shown that they are what they claim others to be - fascist dictators!! Once out of EU, US will quickly make a bilateral trade deal &amp; UK will benefit Why should UK pay anything to escape these people?
Germany says EU ready to talk if UK rejects Brexit deal | Article [AMP] | Reuters
The latest It Exists! Thanks to #brexit #humantrafficking
Mrs Pow doesn't know which fence to sit on let alone which side to take. Pacifying whoever calls the shots #PartLiner demonstrates a lack of independence in views &amp; commitment. #tories only won #Taunton because of #BrExit. Voters expect 100% severance. There'll be trouble if not.
Jacob Rees Mogg MP " Democracy - Undemocratic " EU and Brexit Rees mogg on Brexit no Deal: qua
As my MP, I hope you are voting against the PMs #brexit deal today Alex. This is not what was promised, it will be catastrophic for the UK. To leave on these terms is damaging. Please encourage the leader of the opposition to support a #PeoplesVote Thanks.
Work in finance? Might come in handy this!
Here is a good example of how brexit was sold. Why would people not vote for such a great unicorn-deal?
In my opinion only Sir Alex Ferguson could sort out this #brexit mess, look at his record he turned around many a doom and gloom situations in the last minute, take that night in the Nou Camp in '99 for example. #BrexitVote
As we get closer to the Brexit vote, my mind dwells on the thought that this is fucking stupid still.
Scotland's finances. This explains why rUK is so keen to keep us. It's time to #DissolveTheUKUnion #Scotland #BrexitVote #Brexit #MeaningfulVote #indyref2 #EU
Enough with the #PeoplesVote - we've voted - the people have spoken - we're leaving - simple - #Brexit will happen - and those who try and turn democracy on it's head will be the ones who suffer the greatest in the end
WHAT'S THE BEST BREXIT OPTION FOR BRITAIN? I voted SECOND REFERENDUM on CNN International. What's your vote?
some of you have never hyperfixated over the Spider-Man trailer because you're scared of the Brexit vote and it shows
Brexit sounds more like Satans work to me
Maybe it's just me, but it feels like they've been voting on this Brexit deal every day for a hundred years now, and every time it's in the news Theresa May looks like an incompetent fool as a result.
Brexit equals: PEACE ON UNIVERSE FOREVER via
As MPs ready for today's #brexit vote, we can make public for the first time a poem sent anonymously by 'Peter Golding' to the 1992 Maastrict rebel MP John Butcher. A stirring reminder of the need for MPs to stick to their principles!
This is mad. Surely, whether you're for Remain or Leave, it's obvious that there's no way we can get out of the impasse we're in without some sort of bipartisanship?
#Britain, you in danger girl! #BrexitDeal #BrexitVote #Brexit #BLM #BlackTwitter #MSNBC #AMJoy #Islam #Immigration #migration #OwenJones #LGBTQ #Gay #Feminism
But then this latency issue creeps in again where anyone could claim that the facts put forth pre-referendum were best available then if shown to be untrue now. Brexit really is one of the most complex political problems I’ve encountered.
A No-Deal Brexit? Leaders Are Alarmed; Voters, Not So Much
Don't let #brexit get you down, visit KISMET JEWELLERY UK and cheer yourself up with our quality #handmadejewellery crafted using traditional jewellers claw settings. We have Necklaces, Bracelets, Earrings and Pendants starting from under £28 see them at
One of the most concise summaries I've read of how Brexit ended up here...
LATEST: Regional magazine launches its own ‘blue passport’ as Brexit looms
Theresa May and Parliament in their Brexit labyrinth
Parliament will debate 4 amendments to #TheresaMay’s motion on her #Brexit deal – and they would all effectively wreck the draft accord she’s negotiated via #BrexitVote
Northern Ireland prepares for worst-case Brexit scenario | Northern Ireland is expected to be among the United Kingdom‘s regions that could be worst affected by a no-deal Brexit. Many fear... |
“More time for a referendum, sure. More time for a general election, sure. More time to think about it, no. The facts are now. Make up your mind ... If the parliament is not able to make up its mind, ask the people.”
'We’re being asked to endorse a blind Brexit' - Sir (Labour's Shadow Secretary of State for Exiting the European Union) #GeneralElectionNow
PM May faced defeat in parliament over Brexit plan
Brexit would be better w/ live narration by Paul Scofield (voice of Patrick Keiller's London): "Robinson left the house one day to the sight of a young fox braying at a couple and their child. There was a peculiar stench in the air as the bins hadn't been emptied for some time."
Back my Brexit deal or speed up a united Ireland, May warns #lbc #fbpe #libdems #conservatives #labour #plaidcymru #snp #ukip #abtv #waton #stupidbrexiteers #itvnews #bbcnews #c4news #5news #skynews #DUP #sinnfein #moggmentum #momentum #bbcparliament #gmb
From a distance now, I’m observing #UK’s downfall. I grew up in #London as a teenager. No, it wasn’t paradise but tolerance and kindness were pillars of daily life. I feel sad that #Brexit has polarized British society. Normalized? This is NOT normal. #VladimirPutin laughs atm.
#Brexit means #brexit you'll see. #Brexit means #brexit okay, just maybe. #Brexit means #brexit only on May's deal silly. #Brexit means #brexit or another referendum for us all to agree? #Brexit means #brexit or no #brexit at all you see! #Brexit means #Brexit tbc
I genuinely believe that the core of the British establishment not only doesn't want Brexit but is actively trying to thwart it. Rhe allegation below, if true, is grave
Petition: Stop possible second referendum on E.U. membership #Brexit #Petition #Petitions #YellowVest #YellowVests #NoDealBrexit #NoDeal #NoDealNoProblem #LeaveMeansLeave
While I disagree with #brexit &amp; reject many of the arguments for leaving the EU the partisan nature of parliamentary debate is shocking. Even though I disagree with him, Raab should not be booed for articulating his position. This is one of the reasons why we’re a laughing stock.
Theresa May faces worst government defeat in 95 years in key Brexit vote - Bloomberg
Wish would give British Politics and Brexit the full treatment, but frankly, we don't deserve his magnificence
This Quisling needs a noose pronto
. team does it again! I very nearly understand the Brexit vote!
The latest The The Moor Daily! Thanks to #brexit #technology
#Brexit vote: MPs told they face choice between order and 'chaos' as May heads for huge defeat - Politics live
Thoughts on Brexit?
Quite possibly. Leaving the EU won't halt globalisation, though. Brexit made it even easier to justify moving the jobs if transporting components across the border is going to become more expensive and slower.
All pensioners need to be made aware of these changes sneaked in while the country is convulsed in Brexit madness. The more pensioners aware could mean fewer voting Tory!
(a) I didn’t say anything about accepting GEs on such a vote share. (b) I’m not a centrist: my criticism of Labour’s Brexit policy is from the left. I’m an old-fashioned international socialist. I remember why our anthem is The Internationale.
Forgive me if I’m wrong but I thought the vote was in favor of leaving?
they are desperate for the £39 billion/yr
Lords Vote isn’t substantial but does hint at the following tide.
It’s all Brexit stuff up here in Parliament but down in West Sussex Buchan Country Park #Crawley’s very own apple variety has been planted! Can’t wait to get back home and taste one...
School tour of the 'mother of parliaments' today... Imagine having to tell kids that the ongoing #brexit farce that is now #Westminster is any sane way to run a country. Mother of fuck-ups more like.
'Winter is coming’: Gove warns of GOT-style apocalypse if crucial Brexit vote fails #
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
After Brexit pt3 Meggin had banished ginger twat, Harry to Glasgow whilst Kate of Middleton awaited the caress of Madame Guillotine, in Strangeways.
Better than , should replace - show up obfuscation whilst remaining fairly polite. and ‘obfuscation’ are made for each other stylistically!
If you, like me, don't really get UK politics but are afraid of being kicked out, this is a pretty comprehensive summary of the shitstorm that is about to go down. #BrexitVote
She hasn't brought back a deal. She brought back a £40 billion bill and a surrender document that says we might be able to start negotiating a deal as long as we behave ourselves and give them everything they want. If you think we're accepting that then you don't understand us.
I for one can not stand the idea of the #Brexit vote being delayed any further. we need a vote of no confidence in this shitshow of a govt &amp; a #GeneralElectionNow
I'm sure these rich people are going to suffer so much as a result of a no deal Brexit...
One for to cry over.
Because of FOM we have nurses, doctors, consultants, physiotherapists, psychologists, midwives, carers. Because of brexit they are leaving and all we will have in nhs is higher waiting lists, postponed operations, higher staffing costs and good reasons for tories to privatise it
from a mad cow to THE MADDOG.. your new PM for Brexit.. coming to put the UK in the gutter properly !!! yeah..
There probably won’t be a #PeopleVote because l have a feeling the MPs will put an end to Brexit themselves.
Excellent clip from As an Irish man (and Anglophile) working for the NHS I have watched the Brexit mess unfold with utter incredulity. Only solution is new government, 2nd referendum and landslide for remain. Seems unlikely sadly.
Have you been following parliament at all? There was an amendment that made no deal practically illegal. Also I’ve already explained the situation about how brexit isn’t black and white
Gerard Batten MEP has said that whichever way Parliament votes tonight it will be a "betrayal of Brexit". Read More:
Brexit: Blame it on the banking crisis
From the joint department of you-can't-make-this-up and think-before-you-vote #Brexit
You say nobody would blame us, but that's not for you or I to say. Get some actual assurances first. Or at least have an actual plan for the future this time. This whole mess is from inconsistent positions and lack of planning from brexit.
Why would May get rid of the backstop! It is intentionally included in the WA to thwart BREXIT, if the backstop did not exist in the WA May and her traitorous plotters would have needed to find another mechanism to achieve the same aim - to ensure BRINO and to thwart Brexit.
"I mentioned the war once..."
I don’t necessarily agree with the conclusion - my view is there are deliberative democracy methods that could feasibly strengthen our politics AND at least refine Brexit But much of the analysis here is bang on and vital
I was asking how post Brexit the UK market will be filled if you are not in it? To make it pay then what you are saying is that the UK market has to be aggregated with the EU market. That means the UK market will not be supplied.
. discover a new #Brexit phrase as we continue the quest to reach the patter abyss - "Remingers". FFS.
Ken Clarke's speech killed Brexit.
Scotland's finances. This explains why rUK is so keen to keep us. It's time to #DissolveTheUKUnion #Scotland #BrexitVote #Brexit #indyref2 #politicslive #bbc
WHAT'S THE BEST BREXIT OPTION FOR BRITAIN? I voted SECOND REFERENDUM on CNN International. What's your vote?
The MPs defending #Leave will all have died of old age before the EU and UK finalize a #Brexit deal. #BrexitVote
May stands today as the face of a massively cynical political success--tactical and strategic. Long loathed and opposed to Brexit as Home Secretary, she seized it only to slip into No.10 midst disarray.
stops pre-Brexit vote imo. that. is.all.
"Parliament to vote on May's Brexit deal"
I’ve never been more ashamed to be Palace than this tweet.
Despite the rival attraction of Brexit, social housing is still headline news. Join us at one of our UK offices including Edinburgh and Glasgow to hear what our experts have to say about the upcoming changes to the social housing…
What next for #Brexit? Three main scenarios.
Don't forget to tune in tonight for the latest nail-biting instalment of Putin's Brexit.
We should licence Geoffrey Cox's voice to other countries in return for trade deals. Brexit sorted.
Kate Hoey strapping on the tin foil hat to whine bitterly about all the naughty Remainers undermining British democracy by opposing the farcical #Brexit A spectacularly stupid MP
He's quite right; cancel Brexit.
A timely reminder that jobs are already at risk as consumer spending falls and household debt grows. The last this struggling businesses need is Brexit. Let's call this farce off and concentrate on creating better jobs and public services for all.
... determinate way, they seized it. We might stop Brexit, but unless we can address these conditions, that energy will morph into something else, potentially worse. It's useful to remember that the Nazis were elected on an anti-austerity platform. 3/3
has gone up in my estimation. “I am one of the few Labour MPs who genuinely want Brexit and one of a small group who want to honour the result of the referendum. I include the Leader of my Party in that group.”
SNAP POLL: Should the PM resign after the Brexit vote? #Brexit #Government #PrimeMinister
Brexit vote expted to fail the withdrawal from EU. Sell Gbpusd: 1.28200 Tp:70 pips #Brexit #Gbpusd
#Brexit ~ REVEALED: Theresa May's deal could see UK TIED to EU rules FOR YEARS, boasts Brussels
Brexit: Fears as reality of leaving the EU is discussed at Brent Council’s Time to Talk event ahead of tonight's vote
You are very welcome to follow me. But I am a totally for Brexit so you may not like all my views. And I may not like all yours. Just as long as there is mutual respect.
Kate Hoey *this is a parliament full of #remainers and #brexit wreckers* All too true. Do we really own £39 billion?? What are we getting in return for this very large sum of money?
These are the people were trying to appease with this nonsense.
Kate Hoey speaking from the DUP benches. Her natural home. #Brexit #HoC #BBCParliament
Is this a joke? I mean this man was in charge of Brexit for two years and you paid to have this ad on people’s news feed!?
Government 'sneaks out' £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote - The Independent
Who is using project fear now? "Gove uses Game of Thrones to urge MPs to back May’s Brexit deal" via
Mrs Pow doesn't know which fence to sit on let alone which side to take. Pacifying whoever calls the shots #PartLiner demonstrates a lack of independence in views &amp; commitment. #tories only won #Taunton because of #BrExit. Voters expect 100% severance. There'll be trouble if not.
This exact moment continues to sum up the recklessness of Brexit:
I hope you'll be voting against this terrible deal?
FX Markets Await Key Brexit Vote; DXY Index Rallies, GBP Stalls
Is he helping with #Brexit?
So voting against the agreement. I think she can now be considered MP 11 of the in terms of Brexit...
Thanks to Brexit, has promised £350m per week to non-league clubs willing to demonstrate their community values and who need to maintain hydrotherapy pools
Oh no, my chicken and mushroom pot has no soy sauce, please tell me this isn't Brexit
UKIP: Establishment ‘Fighting over Their Preferred Method of Stopping Brexit’
The 2019 Sharon Fruit season is now only about 75 days away - almost as long as the British are waiting for Brexit. Whether Brexit happens or not, one thing you can be sure of is that...
We're playing with ppls lives even more if it were backed! #MeaningfulVote #GeneralElectionNow
I don't believe they had any intention of delivering brexit!! But they have misjudged the people's reaction!!
“time for MP’s to do their jobs and do their duty and firstly vote NO. Then they must get ready to unite the whole of the UK by working night and day on a new Brexit deal, starting Wednesday morning, or be prepared to walk away with a NO DEAL in July…”
Brexit vote: Lawmakers expected to reject Theresa May's EU exit plan
Britain's big Brexit vote: What happens in parliament? #MeaningfulVote
Arlene Foster said: "I don't think she even asked to get rid of the backstop"
I am just about prepared to support the PMs deal. However anything less than this, or Remainers try to stall or cancel Brexit, then it will be time to don a yellow vest. I am pissed off with people like Grieve,Letwin, Starmer, Benn,Soubry.They were elected in 2017 to get us out!
Future Of Theresa May's Brexit Deal, And Brexit Itself, Hinges On Pivotal Vote
2008 vs. 2018: The face of someone who has seen some shit... #financialcrisis #neoliberalism #commodificationofeverything #digitalcolonization #brexit #trump #10yearchallenge #sociologist
01 Brits &amp; Maths Numbers problem helped create Brexit mess 15JAN19 Leaving union imposes large burdens on Britain, higher living costs &amp; lost jobs Country's hard time deciding on precise terms of Brexit is there are no good terms.
BREXIT DAY! PM makes desperate last-ditch plea to MPs ahead of Commons showdown via
02 Brits &amp; Maths Numbers problem helped Bexit mess 15JAN19 Brexit advocates campaigned by making outrageously unrealistic promises, and country is now faced with the much less pleasant reality of what it means to divorce the European Union
Historic UK Government defeat! After the UK voted to leave the EU by narrow margin. #TheresaMay should have invited representatives from all main #UK parties to negotiate best deal that protected UK/EU citizen's rights and protected jobs instead of #NoDeal #Brexit.
#Brexit Bill Cash ardent #Brexiteer has compared this moment to WW2. "The whole of parliament has a grave responsibility at this moment; for, after all, it is parliament itself that is on trial in this war." It feels like we are going to declare war?
03 Brits &amp; Maths Numbers problem helped create Brexit mess 15JAN19 Pro-European placards outside the Houses of Parliament in London on Tuesday, ahead of a vote on Prime Minister Theresa May’s Brexit deal with the European Union
No-confidence vote round 2 &amp; new election? PM May’s fate tied with key #Brexit vote
Stocks push higher amid big bank results, Brexit vote uncertainty
Further evidence that our establishment is working against Brexit. Royal Commission or similar needed when it's done and dusted
No-confidence vote round 2 &amp; new election? PM May’s fate tied with key Brexit vote, analysts say — RT UK News -
All news channels are covering #Brexit...what about #Nairobi terrorist attack?
It truly is. She’s basically begging &amp; pleading at this point.
Growth of coffee shops could be slowed by hard Brexit
The thing to remember whenever opens his mouth saying opportunity and Brexit, he means selling out and feeding the UK chlorinated chicken.
It’s very questionable that Labour are the party of the working classes any more anyway (despite what momentum types may think) , however campaigning for remain would kill of that notion for good.
Don’t these #brexit protesters have a job? If not, maybe they - and the country - would be better off gaining employment instead of faffing about making not one jot of difference to the debate or vote
Problem is no one agrees on a better way forward! All Parties should have helped Mrs May 4 the sake of the Next Generations, MP's R squabbling, for self &amp; narrow Party Political Advantage &amp; making themselves &amp; the UK a laughing stock of the World.This is a disgrace to the UK!
Nice to be reminded there's more to life than #Brexit
Is your dad gary lineker? All he bangs on about is refugees &amp; brexit, how about you invite them round for dinner if you are so bothered.
Tonight's vote looking disastrous for Will she resign or humiliatingly go begging to Brussels again for crumbs. Time for Brexiteers to take charge and deliver a WTO Brexit. Come on . Come on Come on #WTOBrexit
But before taking such a radically different path as BREXIT most rational would collect some data, analyse it, produce some forecasts and evaluate them. Alternatively they could stick their hands in the air and say “I believe..”. Which seems a more sensible course to you ?
So tell me people's vote (PV) campaigners, what Brexit is going to be put up against Remain in the PV you want, if our Sovereign, Parliament, has already rejected both Theresa May's crap deal &amp;'No Deal Brexit'? Anyone see the problem? A GE makes more sense than a PV #Politicslive
Of all the messed up and bemusing things going on with the disaster with Brexit, the one thing that I love is that there is the possibility the Conservative party could implode. Part of me would absolutely love that! #BrexitVote
The vote for Brexit was a monumental middle finger to all the technocrats, bureaucrats and meddlers who think they know best. That’s why the establishment hate it so much and cannot let it stand.
WHAT'S THE BEST BREXIT OPTION FOR BRITAIN? I voted SECOND REFERENDUM on CNN International. What's your vote?
Bill is respecting the EU Referendum result. We MUST leave on 29 March, and WTO Exit MUST be the default if May's deal is voted down. It is entirely in keeping with the Ref result, and having it there will make getting a better deal all the more likely. YOU want to wreck Brexit.
CEO Gary Barker offers sage advice in the case of a no-deal #Brexit vote. #Property #PropTech
After the #Brexit debacle, I think a little less hot air from Michael Gove wouldn’t go amiss either.
Dominic Raab's kids in 10 years time: "What did you do, Dad, when the Quitlings were voting to take away the freedom and prosperity of our generation?" #Brexit
I'm open to be corrected if you want to explain how brexit is good? So far we know the uk economy is going to be significantly worse off after brexit. The only difference really is that your laws won't be influenced by the EU and you have control on immigration
A false and entirely dishonest dichotomy from a highly privileged, ideologically blinkered man, who stands to gain from Brexit. I'll take the best deal that's on offer: democracy AND membership in the EU, like we have now. Thanks.
“The Realm?” Risible. Where are we? Mordor?
What is it with the DUP? Absolutely demanding to be treated exactly the same as the rest of the UK. They will not stand to be treated differently......oh,apart from abortion and gay marriage laws So on one hand they demand equality and the other exclusivity Brexit madness
Obviously that is disputed. This is not a mere withdrawal agreement. Its a new Treaty. Look at the obligations. Paying £39 bn when top lawyers in the Lord's say we have no legal obligation to pay a penny. Its &gt;Taxation without representation &amp; splits NI from the UK. #Brexit
Brexit means brexit
Read this great piece by to understand what the hell is happening with #BrexitVote but don't expect to get answers about what will happen! It's an insane mess created by politicians. Best to stay out of the damn politics &amp; in #EU to save us from Westminster madness.
You want Brexit to uphold the result of the referendum! So you believe it was ok to lie and deceive me? You think it was ok that the referendum was full of crime &amp; corruption in order to buy votes? You think that is democratic?
Everyone busy going for Corbyn's neck when there are Labour MPs who are actually gonna back this deal. Shame on them
Fox: No Deal Brexit is default government policy The preperations have been well under way for a 'no deal' scenario for the last 12 months. Whilst its impossible to prepare for every eventuality, we are well prepared for it.
Brilliant
Hundreds march down Islington streets calling for second Brexit referendum:
BBCNEWS 7:18am BREXIT DEAL VOTE. MPs will vote tonight on proposed deal to leave EU; I BREXIT DEAL VOTE BREXIT DEAL VOTE. MPs will...
You choose and retweet. #brexit #NoDeal #NoDealNoProblem #MeaningfulVote #Referendum #TheresaMay
Maybe the twin self-inflicted crises of the Trump Presidency and Brexit are the beginning of the end of white English speaking world hegemony those that follow could scarcely be WORSE, right?
. : Britain has a bright post-Brexit future via
Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah. I can't take much more of this faux concern &amp; sincerity &amp; moral high-grounds built on sand. #Brexit
The French show is how we should act if brexit fails
. explains what's happening with the Brexit vote
WTO BREXIT by far the best deal for BRITAIN
Brexit vote before market close near 3 pm central ,,,,, beware
It would be v. embarrassing, to say the least, for UK to go ahead with Brexit only to have Mueller report reveal AFTERWARDS that Referendum was as riddled with disinformation and other shady Russian practices as US 2016 presidential election.
Brexit brexit brexit #Article50
But do you support Mr Corbyn? Trouble is, he's keen to have brexit, though he won't admit it. Many people support him, say he's had a bad press. As a labour supporter are you on his side, or would you like another leader?
100% this....
I’m so glad I’ve finally finished marking so I can now draw my full attention to the Westminster drama. If only #Brexit wouldn’t be so damn personal
New article (No-confidence vote round 2 &amp; new election? PM May’s fate tied with key Brexit vote, analysts say) has been published on The Daily Digest - #WalkAway
A bit late, but here we go.
spider man brexit
Brexit ko, Brasier ni. These people are just too full of themselves. Not your fault, neither is it God’s fault. But I guess Nigeria shouldn’t have been in existence in the first place. You can imagine when we struggle to make ends meet and some extra savings in this Hell Fire
Meanwhile over in Brexit land...
Rarely has the post of environment minister gained so much attention in Lithuania
The EU model redistributed cash - yes our cash - into areas the Tories would never spend. I never saw Labour or the Tories pushing treasury cash into our rural areas. BREXIT is a Tory power grab.
May’s #Brexit deal will be crushed in an historical way tonight no doubt about that. The UK can’t be bullied into accepting it &amp; the result will show the EU exactly that. The EU will have to give the PM some sort of deadline on the Back Stop.
How dare you claim to know what 17.4m voted for. There were 27.4m difference, contradictory and irreconcilable versions of Brexit. Very few voted for your libertarian deregulated version.
...meanwhile, the #BREXIT madness.
Wales not represented at all. Again.
Why is that 'secret' plans, plots and strategems are invariably so closely held that they are widely reported in the mass media?
i cant believe you are voting against the wishes of the people if you go for a second referendum or eorse still no brexit then blood will be on your hands playing politics with peoples lives you are not listening
And you won’t be able to do any of that with Brexit! What don’t you people understand about that? Brexit is going to continue to suck up all the political energy for years to come and impoverish the country. How will that fix anything? How will millions more in poverty fix it?
At least he’ll have a chance of being PM. You, Sir, will be deselected. Perhaps that’s why you push to thwart #Brexit, in order that you can secure a cushy job on the EU gravy train once you’re thrown out of Westminster.
have the same thesis..Bull trap .$iwm went red for second. Not much talk about #Brexit here today..it will be a BIG mover $vix $uvxy $tvix $vxx all on support and $spy $qqq into resistance..Lets c
Germany says EU ready to talk if UK rejects Brexit deal | Article [AMP] | Reuters
As Historic Defeat Looms Over Brexit, Theresa May Scrambles to Reduce Margin
Today my future, as well as the futures of many disabled people is decided. Will my ability to travel freely by land and sea be snatched away? Will my medication become property of French boarder patrol? Yet again the Conservatives have disability on the chopping block #Brexit.
New poll finds 60% of the public backs People’s Vote
If May loses this vote, she has to step down. An PM cannot go on after a loss like this.
The new Socialist Worker is online. It leads with the Tories' Brexit crisis students campaigning to kick racists off campus and a report from the latest Grenfell Silent Walk
Tesco, even better than Brexit
The latest The Werdener Forum Daily! Thanks to #brexit #archiv
The view outside Parliament. A vote on Prime Minister Theresa May' s #Brexit proposal will take place in a few hours.
Very hard to reconcile that there is video on the BBC of a girl from Hull in a chippy, who says she voted leave because her Nanna said it would be better, like things used to be. No further context given. Look at this man, he doesn’t give a shit about you or your Nanna.
That's why we need to keep pushing for a General Election, as well as a final say on Theresa May's Brexit deal. We can't allow Theresa May's catastrophic deal or a devastating No Deal to happen. They put workers' rights, wages and vulnerable people all at risk.
2/4 of REMAINER TRAITORS in Parliament who would do so. Neither Mps nor the Prime Minister ALONE can do this. To do this, new legislation is required, so ALL Pro-BREXIT pro-DEMOCRACY MPs simply need to vote AGAINST Theresa May’s deal and ALL amendments to her deal requiring
Theresa May Really wants to remain using the backstop as an excuse to remain via the back door !
I'm done with this #Brexit nonsense! The #government know what result they want, and it's the one they will get NO BREXIT! Do they really believe the public are fools? #ToriesOutNow
EU confirms no UK MEPs means default Brexit 2 July latest. New ref ruled out by timescale | The SKWAWKBOX
There is such thing as a ‘jobs first’ #brexit
i don’t understand politics :( does everything just stay as it is then if brexit doesn’t happen? What’s stopping the other countries being like fuck you you tried to leave
Scotland's finances. This explains why rUK is so keen to keep us. It's time to #DissolveTheUKUnion #Scotland #BrexitVote #Brexit #MeaningfulVote #indyref2 #EU
The Enemy Within Michael Gove uses Game of Thrones warning to SCARE MPs into backing Theresa May deal
Brexit debate LIVE: MPs discuss Theresa May’s deal for the final day From
7 in 10 Labour-held constituencies voted for Brexit....? Gammon?
Most people in the UK do not have "nothing". They have something, and it looks like they will have considerably less of it after Brexit if it happens.
I liked a video LIVE: House of Commons holds final debate and vote on May's Brexit deal
Brexit amendment that might have limited PM's losses is rejected
Brits urgently warned to buy holiday money today as Theresa May faces Brexit vote
The EMA says it expects to lose about 25% of its staff as it relocates to Amsterdam due to #Brexit "In addition to the staffing losses, EMA said it will further temporarily reduce or suspend activities in the first half of 2019"
It’s ironic that a region ignored in the build-up to the Referendum vote is now the axis of all negotiations which determine the Prime Minister’s success
Final Countdown: May braces for crucial Brexit vote amid tough debates &amp; calls for new election
WHAT'S THE BEST BREXIT OPTION FOR Britain ?
We actually don’t. A 1 in 28 vote is pretty meaningless. Remember Cameron went to the EU asking for reforms before the Brexit vote, and came back with the square root of nothing, so the people voted to leave. The EU does not want to change, sadly.
Brexit: What voters want MPs to do next - BBC News
Your Brexit career over in 15 mins.
'We are being abandoned': Britons in EU on the Brexit deal vote | Via: Guardian
All related to what exactly? Brexit?? Come on matey pull the other one!
UK Inflation and Retail Sales Data to Get Eclipsed by Brexit Drama
Has your business completed our Brexit self-assessment tool yet? It only takes around 6 minutes and will provide you with tailored advice and information to help you #PrepareForBrexit
Final Countdown: May braces for crucial Brexit vote amid tough debates &amp; calls for new election
tell em brexit means brexit
Even better. Cancel brexit and everyone can go to center Parcs as planned ?
Merkel won’t provide extra assurances to May ahead of Brexit vote, post-vote discussions in the cards [ ]
BACON! BAAAAAAACON!!!! [falls to knees like Charlton Heston in Planet of the Apes] YOU MANIACS! DAMN YOU!!! GODDAMN YOU ALL TO HELL!!!!!
with loss of passporting due to #Brexit UK are prohibited from offering financial and insurance services to EU and EEA countries after March - AMEX clients in Austria Finland Germany Netherlands Norway &amp; Sweden have been transferred to AMEX Spain - what about IE??
Sky News Reporter NAILS IT on Brexit via This Australian Journalist is 100% correct. Maybe she should replace Theresa May as UK PM because she has a far better IDEA of BREXIT THAN THEREASON MAY DOES!!!
What would a ‘no deal’ Brexit mean for the prime property sector? (published in September)
Deal or no deal? It looks like Theresa May will fail to get through her #Brexit deal today, would you be in favour of another referendum or is it time to walk away from the table? via
A Polite Request from Europe: Wake Us up when You Know What You Want from Brexit, and That’s a Big Opportunity for Brands
"This is The Biggest Constitutional Crisis since 1642!" Gerrard Batton on Brexit
As I said, it's just the local manifestation of exactly the same tendencies that have given rise to Trump, Brexit, Bolsonaro, Salvini... A great many people seem incapable of rationalising the situation we as a species have created, with #climatebreakdown, eco-collapse etc. :-(
It's very sad that Rees-Mogg doesn't get taken to the cleaners like this in *every single interview* because he really should be. He's a charlatan who's got no arguments.
Glad we are leaving. #brexit
After more than two years Theresa May has revealed her Brexit plan: 10 Print "Brexit means Brexit" 20 Goto 10 #PeoplesVote #FinalSayForAll
'Their view is that her decision to retain no deal as preferable to no Brexit at all is the same as threatening her opponents with mutually assured destruction, such would be the havoc - they say - that no deal would wreak on the UK and the long term electoral prospects of...'
He’s an absolute arse! I can’t believe anybody actually likes this twat.
Keep ya nose out Khant, you couldn't run a piss up in a brewery let alone London. The whole world has watched you turn it into a #shit'ole . Your barely qualified to talk to the electorate let alone advise them on the EU.
i am from Scotland, i voted no in independance referendum, but after brexit snp will hold another referendum and i dont know how i will vote. Farhan Glasgow
No sooner does Germany go into recession than the Jackboot is eased from the throat of our quisling negotiators. The weak position taken by the devious is precisely because she's a Remainer.
The DOOMSDAY Brexit Preppers! Meet the British families stocking cupboards with food
Brexit?
This is the best sum up off what is happening with Brexit. Well done Stephen Fry and all involved
Resharing for anyone who missed my thoughts yesterday on – plus the late news version with different clips (from 1:19):
Even someone such as yourself will know, leavers are not, and have never been, running the negotiations. May ignored all Brexiteer advice, which has shown to be accurate. A remain brexit, membership w/o responsibilities, is exactly why the deal is so atrocious.
#Brexit WARNING: Leave campaigner fears Brexit has been 'taken from the British people'
He’s a ham, but and have not been able to contain their triumphant glee. So it’s the #NoDeal Brexit.
A bit of light relief before it all kicks off tonight #Brexit #BrexitShambles #Brexitvote
Trouble wiv #EU is it's gone way beyond original intention - A CommonMarket EU's become 'government' of member states undermining what states want to do themselves! A '1 size fits all' not giving way for different states unique Politics &amp; identity #Brexit
We need a no deal brexit.
Yeah, I'm sorry, but if you get that close in my face, you'll feel my 9mm poking you in your ribs. And it doesn't have a safety.
Yeah Brexit is fun but I'm writing a lecture and R (Jackson) v Attorney General (2005) is interesting too.
I liked a video ‘Elitist globalists’ in media won’t cover Brexit &amp; Yellow Vests – Ben Swann
Have you seen the little piggies spouting shit and snorting in the trough? #Brexit #bbcparliament (not on #bbcnews) Here's the theme tune #dumbos - Here's the theme tune -
Daily reminder, there exists an Irish citizen class determined that British Murder gangs are corralled in 6 counties to prey on the Irish citizens abandoned there as available and acceptable targets.
Hearing this debate speech, not hard to understand why was such a disaster in his short term Brexit role. You can almost see the strings as they are pulled above him by the ERG contingent. #puppet
New petition, only 22 thousand signatures up to now, let’s get this big
The latest The Stronger UNISON Daily! Thanks to #peoplesvote #brexit
Among all the Brexit news, let us remember that David Duckenfield is in court today for 95 counts of gross negligence manslaughter. Bet it was hard finding a jury for that one
Theresa May's deal will make it impossible for her to keep the promises she has made on Brexit. It is essential for public trust that MPs do all they can to ensure that those promises are kept.
Today is something of a Brexit D Day.... Hoping this two year shit show is averted and the UK doesn't actually throw itself off a cliff.
How's that whole Brexit thing going? I don't believe that's very sorted out at the minute either.
Brexit negotiations could be reopened if MPs reject Theresa May's deal, German foreign minister says - The Independent
By Brexit referendum rules that is an overwhelming vote for corner. You can stop counting now.
Dominic Raab for PM! Extend A50 by 3 months and get Dominic in to lead the #Tories and negotiate a proper deal with the #EU that is fair and won't be an embarrassment to the UK while proper #WTO plans are made as a contingency. #BrexitVote #brexitdebate #brexit
Germany says EU ready to talk if UK rejects Brexit deal | Article [AMP] | Reuters
So a in case brexit happens you need to move to the US cause of shit economy if it doesn't happen you need to move to the US cause of article 13. What a gret time to be british lol
Is this a metaphor for Brexit?
#May faces historic #Brexit defeat — what the City is saying via
The vote for Brexit was a monumental middle finger to all the technocrats, bureaucrats and meddlers who think they know best. That’s why the establishment hate it so much and cannot let it stand.
Fun analogy. The UK is basically starting to sound like it's 1986 we're Andrew Ridgeley telling George Michael we want to leave Wham because of all the future wonderfully successfully solo albums we'll be recording all around the world. #brexit #peoplesvote #bollockstobrexit
May’s deal is voted down. She seizes the chance to escape, passing the blame for “the failure of Brexit” on to Parliament and resigns. Lidington becomes acting PM. Decides to take the bullet for the nation and immediately notifies EU of withdrawal of notice before stepping down.
No-confidence vote round 2 &amp; new election? PM May’s fate tied with key Brexit vote, analysts say
It's partly because Corbyn's a natural protester rather than leader. There's always something for him not to like. But he likes the idea of Brexit because of state aid and competition law. Ideally for him it happens without him having to openly back it.
Whatever happens tonight, says proBrexit Labour MP Kate Hoey, The UK must leave at the end of March 2019. MPs will vote sometime after 7 PM this evening whether to back Theresa May’s Brexit plan
Yet more people voted than in the general election. And more people voted Leave than voted for either the Tories or Labour. Brexit has a bigger mandate than those elected to enact it. Does that make the general election advisory? Why aren't you protesting the result of that?
I will not give up. #Brexit is something with which I fundamentally disagree and which is demonstrably harmful to this country. I am an EU citizen and damned proud of it. I will fight to keep it. #PeoplesVote #Remain
#Brexit! The Beatles - We Can Work it Out via
If you’re confirming that we are painfully parochial, there’s no need. We know!!
May Will Lose the Brexit Vote Tonight; Here’s What Happens Next #news #buzzfeed
#KateHoey confidently speaking rubbish about #Brexit. You'd expect someone in her position to have taken the time to understand the issues better. She has no idea what the withdrawal settlement is for. Disgraceful.
5 things to know for January 15: Russia probe, Brexit, Jayme Closs, shutdown, opioids - CNN
Really great speech by in the #brexitdebate just now defining a rational &amp; intelligent plan to resolve the Brexit impasse &amp; to remind us it is Tory austerity &amp; not the EU that created such an imbalance between the haves &amp; have nots in the Uk that fuelled #Brexit
A warm welcome to our nearest neighbours from Global Britain plc.
lol! majority means 52% want to leave against only 48% who want to remain!! Simple.... losers will always come up with excuses for a revote and it will be a never ending story! #Brexit
imagine my surprise
#Brexit Missing. Please search ponds and under rocks.
'No new customs posts' post-Brexit, says Irish tax chief - BBC News
Brexit vote before market close near 3 pm central
China Uncertainty &amp; Brexit Scenarios #China #Brexit #GDP
Brexit vote: MPs told they face choice between order and 'chaos' as May heads for huge defeat The Guardian
And what if that deal came with an unacceptable price?
Remain advocate groups polls find people support a peoples vote to stay in the eu. Well I'm not suspicious at all honest.
meanwhile in Scotland we pretend brexit isn't even happening let alone needs investigating
May is up for Massive Brexit Defeat - But What Next?! via
Leave the mouldy cherries of Theresa May’s Brexit deal... Now feast on battle of Bercow - Evening Standard
That's the spirit!
No! Fuck off! Get away from our club. #cpfc
No-deal Brexit will kill startups, say eco-coffee capsule firm bosses | Business | The Guardian
Blair introduced many of her policy’s, and if your really interested in debate you would know why ordinary people voted Brexit. The people’s vote campaign have not come out with policy’s to help solve the problems.
These are thirty truths about leaving the EU without a deal and trading under WTO rules until such time as the EU is able to agree a FTA with the UK. EU would come back to the table if we had a real PM to negotiate a proper deal?
MP’s on all sides need to remember the vote was given to us, we made our decision to leave. Do as you’re told! WTO Brexit is the default, a deal is a compromise. If MP’s can’t reach a deal which gets us out, we should go immediately on WTO. Anything less is a cheat. #BrexitVote
Parliament debates and votes on May's Brexit deal – watch live - YouTube
Brexit is bad for slavers, yes. But we British don't believe in slavary. Or do we?
Things normal working class people need in the USA/UK to get by are being limited due to #Brexit or #govermentshutdown. Security, Visa/passport applications, Housing/business applications, medication imports, food imports, boarder control.But you can still get fined for speeding
I know will lose tonight. I don't know by how much. I think majority against will be nearer to 100 votes than 200 but I'm never better on politics again!
#Brexit remains a talking point. Here is Hexham's MP 's view.
Denmark is the largest importer of pork to the UK but that position is under threat if no Brexit deal is struck with the EU
James O'Brien's Unmissable Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote #Jrm #mogg interview Wd be funny if it wasn't so serious What a bastard
Sit down dicksplash
EURNZD Down on Brexit Vote?
Or maybe he’s looked at all the forecasts and concluded BREXIT will make us a bit poorer or a lot poorer .....
"Not a hardliner" He's been an MP for decades and his sole purpose in that time has been Brexit. You don't get more hardline than him.
Suffolk Tory MPs including continue to be spineless wimps who do not have their constituents best interests at heart. #shock #PeoplesVote #StopBrexitSaveBritain
#Remainers be careful what you wish for - life has a habit of levelling its self out ! Long live #democracy #Brexit
Brexit is a nightmare for currency traders - CNN
Calais and Boulogne 2018 results, Brexit : you can find the press file from the yesterday’s press conference on our website : #Calais #PortofCalais #Boulogne #PortofBoulogne #PortBoulogneCalais
BINGO - sold this afternoon. Nearly £8m. On Wentworth. Wonder how many exchanges have taken place with Parliament vote later?! #brexit #mess
It was an excellent question with (imho!) a very dogmatic and illogical answer. But that's Brexit in a nutshell !!
Cabinet Source: May Could Resign if She Suffers Heavy Brexit Vote Defeat via
OMFG brain numbing.....Give this a listen JOB is a complete and utter tool, Mogg ripped him a new 1. Point of interviewing is to let the person talk.
your algorithms are so very wrong today. This is the second Brexit promotion I've been given in the space of an hour. Kindly please fuck off.
The sooner Brexit is sorted the sooner James O'Brien isn't a thing any more. Come on, ffs.
Trolls out in force today. #BlockAndMoveOn people. Don’t give them the attention they desire. #Brexit #MeaningfulVote #MeaninglessVote #DissolveTheUnion
Former Belgian EU Commissioners calls for Brexit to be postponed
A vocal crowd warming up outside the UK parliament in Westminster... pro and anti Brexit campaigners are on the streets as we gear up for the vote on Theresa May’s deal #f24
What next for Brexit? Three main scenarios - #Brexit
EURNZD, D1 The Euro-Kiwi rate appears to be on a downwards trend after it bounced off its 200-day moving average value last week. The pair closed at the 200-day average on January 8 after disappointing Australian trade...
Sky News now has a Brexit Crisis countdown ticker, like it's an asteroid heading for Earth
No, Marek, I don't stand to gain from Brexit: I am an MEP. But the United Kingdom stands to gain.
A big day in British politics as the government votes on the terms of #Brexit - whatever the result, impacts on business will be tangible. We plan to discuss this &amp; more at our Business Outlook 2019 London launch tomorrow evening, with keynote speaker Andrew Neil. #CBO19
Do you remember that game when you were a kid? You had loads of questions to answer without saying the words yes or no to see who could last longest???? Even I was screaming just say yes by six minutes!!
#skynews saying 100's of military personal at the ready to help with Brexit planning ok we are sounding more and more like a 3rd world military Junta with every passing day. #BrexitVote
Understandable #Leavers see #brexit as a struggle twixt HoP and EU for who rules UK. We in Britain live in possibly the most centralised EU state; even limited devolution in SCO &amp; WAL is being dismantled in #Tories #WA. We have no experience of federation. #brexitvote #WAvote
Catch our CIO Manish Singh on Bloomberg at 22:40 UK share his thoughts on Brexit outcome, GBP/USD views, Europe troubles and more
