GENERAL ELECTION IS THE WORST WE CAN DO, UK MP MAY #BREXIT
Hope so but disheartening to see what is going on in UK Seems lke people- who gave us Magna Carta -stood fast &amp; strong when facing Dunkirk &amp;the bombing of Britain gave up control of their country to Brussels elites in the name of political correctness Total disrgrd to Brexit vote
Scottish resilience committee now meeting weekly to prepare for 'no deal' #Brexit
URGENT ATTENTION OF ALL MEMBERS OF PARLIAMENT - REVOKING OR EXTENDING 'ARTICLE 50' NOT REQUIRED. IT IS ALREADY UNLAWFUL:
Maybe not, but you're sharpening your knives. You influenced Brexit and the 2016 US election. You wanted all this.
"Arlene Foster, who still has all the warmth of the matriarch of a remote farm who retains the passports of her labourers"
Remember when we celebrated the scrapping of red tape, every bit of freedom we gained to explore Europe, work in Europe, share what was ours with Europe and vice versa, culturally, spiritually, economically? Like the bus said: Bollocks to Brexit!
She hasn't done what she was supposed to do, she failed to get her main legislation policy, her brexit deal, which miserably failed. Domestically she has been awful and her brexit policy has been a disaster. She will probably be known as one of the worst PM's ever
Two times wrong is not one times right - nothing hypocritical about not wanting to be on the Anglo-British Brexit rollercoaster. Stating that the EU or other European countries are the cause of British problems is nonsense - what you do is self-inflicted - its your right be happy
More BBC propaganda/indoctrination. Yeah he would say that wouldn't he because the #EU is a pillar of democracy isn't it? How abouts we respect the result of the referendum first and not pay the 39 billion they are extorting from us?
We're in such a mess #Brexit. I support cross party cooperation. However, the PM who says the government has listened, MUST be prepared to hold open discussions and may need to ditch her red lines!
"The great Brexit rebellion | News | The Guardian" ( )
Brexit Roundtable Webinar: Outlook for GBP and London Stocks
To get political for a moment... If, as seems likely all those Tories who voted against the Brexit Deal last night support the Government today, it proves one thing. They more interested in themselves and clinging to power than the best interests of the country. #BrexitChaos
Labour will not be forgiven unless it sticks to what was agreed at conference......."If can't get a GE,to campaign for a public vote+nobody is ruling out remain as an option." 's speech was welcomed with a standing ovation.
Just like the failure of Brexit, is the failure of Trump’s hate, nationalism, racism, misogyny and your acceptance of Steven King’s philosophy of life. The Repugs are losing ground here, where ancestors of all Americans immigrated to this country to prosper.
Queen Should Suspend Parliament to Stop Remain MPs from Blocking Brexit
Le liriche andrebbero sostituite con:” they want to #brexit free, we won pay the fee”
I'm almost (not quite) at the point where I'd prefer "Norway +" (basically the below) to Remain, not cos it's better (it's not) but cos we'd technically have done Brexit AND we'd have reduced our sovereignty, something we're consistently showing ourselves ill-equipped to handle.
Well, I suppose if you can have a DC shutdown you can have a London one. Amazing the way the Brexit referendum has now become the one true source of political power in the UK - according to its devotees. It's a cult.
... - this might be the first attempt in Russia to officially get rid of someone with the help of punitive psychiatry #caseofpsychologists #Brexit #Russia #News #breakingnews #politics #lookingforjustice
The mask always slips...
Oh! Yeah. then people don't need to vote because it doesn't mean to anything. I just want to remind you that majority of British people voted in favour of Brexit. So shutup and wait for another 40years. #BrexitmeansBrexit
Name number one on the list
YOU &amp; YOUR GOVT. HAVE TO PROTECT THE PEACE OF THE ISLAND,AS BE POSSIBLE,W/ EVERYTHING YOU HAVE!,TO DIMINISH 'EM THE POSSIBILITY OF FULFILL 'EM(TO THE EVIL BRITISH CITIZENS) THEIR DESIRE TO SEE OUR BEAUTIFUL ISLAND DESTROYED BY THEIR BREXIT.
Brexit had 17.4 million and that's being ignored also #Brexit
Can remainers ACTUALLY be blamed for anything that has come since the referendum? #brexit
UKIP is pretty much as dead as Mays Brexit deal
After last night's historic defeat, is there a way forward for the Prime Minister's deal?
You didn't mention Brexit or where the votes will come from.....
In almost every aspect of British life there are positives to a no-deal Brexit via
Scotland is part of the UK who voted leave. Get over it
The #UK, once heralded for its tolerance, is now recognized for growing #xenophobia that triggered a departure from the #EU in the first place. Ambassador Jose Zorrilla offers a look back, recalling a time when its institutions practiced tolerance. #Brexit
#theresamay doesn't care about what's best for our country, she only cares about what's best for her... just like every other #tory | For Britain’s sake, Theresa May, must go |
This womt make headlines because.. brexit
Who are the biggest losers of Brexit among British politicians? #Brexit #British #Politicians #UnitedKingdom #UK #Politics #TheresaMay #HardBrexit #Losers
"The only democratic, legitimate, peaceful and consensual way through this appalling mess is to give the people the final say." Demand the final say on Brexit &gt;
The staring thing about Macron’s public Q&amp;A Brexit bits is the complacency: both about no deal about what cliff-edge tactics over fish will do to jeopardise the future security ties with the UK he wants.
In December 117 Tory MPs said they had no confidence in Theresa May as leader of their Party Yesterday 118 Tory MPs said that they had #noconfidence in #TheresaMay's flagship Brexit policy Today they will express their confidence in her as leader of this country and of #Brexit
Jesus Christ! Words fail me "The British Parliament will soon put aside Brexit to debate the proper height of a letter box" via
Weldone David Camerone. Never look back, right? #moron #brexitvote
I see No Deal Brexit is being repackaged by its champions this lunchtime as Clean Brexit. What genius came up with that?
If you get a chance and you can muster the votes in Parliament and you get elected and anyway remaining in a CU isn’t Brexit. Not that a CU exists, it’s a fantasy. It’s a mess and you know it. #remain
“SUCCESS is not final, failure is not fatal. It is the COURAGE TO CONTINUE that counts.” - Winston Churchill #Brexit #BrexitChaos #BrexitShambles #LaughingStock
Brexit this, Brexit that, your mum's hairlines gone way back #BrexitVote #Stormzy #Remix #EnoughIsEnough
The IRA were right when they said that was a "useful idiot that we used in the times of conflict as our puppet". Never has a true word spoken as what i'm listening to on #PMQs as he doesn't know what he actually stands for regarding #Brexit .
I'm hoping Teresa May will do another U-turn and back off brexit altogether considering parliament couldn't accept her compromise of a deal
.he builds up the perfect argument for a second vote on Brexit and then suggests a general election instead! Its very odd, why isn't he simply suggesting a second vote on Brexit? Also the Homelessness and NHS points directly contradict Mays actions. Fair point on Windrush&amp; racism
So if I join the Labour Party, will I get to vote on whrther to keep Brexit? Or is it just the bigwigs who will decide?
As Brexit deal goes down in flames, exasperated Europe wonders what the Britons want - The Washington Post via Britons already told you they wanted to leave the EU two years ago. Parliament has miserably failed to represent the people
And they said the Wetherspoons concept would not work! Most sensible comments of the week so far
When you confuse ‘plan’ with ‘wish list’...
"Can we just have a #PeoplesVote?" asks my frustrated 18 year old who did not get the chance to have his say in the Brexit Referendum
What The Brexit Loss Means For The United Kingdom, Theresa May | MSNBC
Great piece by : "Today radical left is calling ... for democratic socialism, [which entrails] a confrontation [betw. capital and labour]. There is no doubt where loyalties of the [European institutions] would lie in such a confrontation".
This article by Matthew Parris is spot on. “Forget May. Forget #Corbyn. Salvation is not coming from these directions.” #Brexit
You can vote for others than tories. Both main parties have let this country down with regards to Brexit.
Who do you trust more to run the #Corbyn or #May #Brexit #PMQs VOTE NOW
URGENT ATTENTION OF ALL MEMBERS OF PARLIAMENT - REVOKING OR EXTENDING 'ARTICLE 50' NOT REQUIRED. IT IS ALREADY UNLAWFUL:
Hi Re your #Brexit report from Corby; are there no young people in Corby? You always focus on the seniors in all your Brexit vox pops.
Maybe we should also leave them out in a field
What a load of wishy washing words with no meaning or substance. This is why you are still 4% behind the worst govt in living memory
Huge responsibilty lies at the door of the Newspapers and Broadcasters abdicating their duty to inform the public about process and consequence.
Throughout the silly season on the transfer world in Britain and including all Brexit tweets etc this has to be the most ludicrous farfetched bullshit tweet I've read on twitter in months.
#Brexit MPs debate no-confidence motion after May's deal defeat - watch live via
GENERAL ELECTION IS THE WORST WE CAN DO, UK PM MAY #BREXIT
Yes but we are used to this now. We need huge ongoing protests against May and Brexit. We have a part to play still to save Britain
As the Govt's Brexit crisis trundles on, communities up and down the country are suffering from the effects of Govt cuts, like the planned 40% cut in Durham's public health budget. I challenged the PM on the health inequality her govt is perpetuating #PMQs
It's not very often someone dares to put the words "Pete Wishart" and "expertly" together.
Brexit in a nutshell - flimsy, unfit for purpose and pretty much useless
Cant pretend to be any form of Brexit expert but a no deal would get rid of Kolpak cricketers so not all bad!
this is what’s happening in major western democracies right now: U.S. government shutdown is longest recorded UK government has the biggest defeat in House of Commons in british history. #Brexit French President Macron has extremely low approval rating of 21%, #GiletsJaunes
Jacob Rees-Mogg DESTROYS Theresa May after crushing Brexit defeat - 'Respect the LAW!'
Hey macho dude, do you also favor Brexit? Btw, trump is asking 50,000 unpaid workers to get back to work.
Britain’s a Small Country. Get Used to It.
#Brexit Seems it was okay for MoggERGers BOJOs FarageUKippers DUPers to lie, cheat and commit fraud in Referendum campaign - THE RESULT WAS NOT BINDING! incl. Lawyers , chose not to point this out? #PeoplesVote
Car manufacturers are pleading with the government to give them clarity on Brexit after May's withdrawal deal defeat last night. No deal would be "catastrophic" for the industry, says union. #BrexitVote #Automotive
Very good. The scary thing is that in these times, a Brexit record wouldn't be a complete surprise...
The problem is never the people, it's always their leaders. #Brexit
Doesn't sound much like the "free speech" merit on your profile, more like the typical Brexit intransigence.
There it is the rasism card fuck you jones
Brexit vote: 'Are we witnessing Britain's biggest political crisis of modern times? Absolutely yes.'
One of these people knows what they're talking about, the other has believed the lies they've been fed (and ironically he thinks it is the other person who has been duped by the media).
About uncertainty May hasan`t .
There is no "no-deal Brexit". Only Exit without an unnecessary deal on the Exit Date, and any deals made that UK and EU can agree upon as part of their post-Brexit relations. But politicians keep causing confusion by sloganizing without any sense.
What a mess this whole situation is! Have royals storm parliament, sack the lot of them and rebuild parliament from the ground up! #Nerd #Geek #Nerdy #Game #Gamer #Brexit #Parliament
Then the President is wrong. Funny that!
Instead of telling me how rubbish Theresa May is, tell me what you're gonna do about Brexit please Jeremy.
It's a good question. Sadly one we can't know the answer too. I don't think brexit is the problem, just no one in the HoC's is offering something everyone can get behind
It's sad that the only way to avert this disaster and get a no-confidence vote to sail through easily would be to subvert the will of the people. They need to get on with Brexit, should it turn out worse than expected, then reassess at that time.
I can’t say I’ve been impressed with how the UK has handled Brexit negotiations,however the primary reason after 2.5 years that no negotiated trade arrangements are in place is due to the EU insisting on tabling trade behind Divorce,Ireland &amp; Citizens Rights.
Jesus. He really knew what would happen.
Woah woah woah let’s put brexit on hold to debate letterboxes.... #BrexitShambles #Brexit #VoteOfNoConfidence
When your owj colleague om TV today again canot say what your Brexit policy is! Wow shambles
needed to make to swallow her massive #Brexit failure but keeps going to side issues and not hammering home is main point #idiot
Bradley casts doubt on peace project funding in event of no-deal Brexit via
Fantastic.
I don't know if I can say for sure if that's true but I certainly think the people assuming another referendum ends Brexit are being presumptuous in an era where nothing seems easy to predict
Hard Brexit is the only option.
What’s your stance on Brexit? You’re the only party who doesn’t have the balls to say which side of the fence you are.Your chameleon style can only last until it really matters. It’s very easy to berate May, when you don’t have an alternative. Step off they fence Jeremy...
Pro-EU Conservative lawmaker puts forward legislation for second Brexit referend - Reuters
I have one word: “Brexit”
Why would you say crash out Mark? The establishment “experts” have been wrong about joining the Euro, joining Schengen, the immediate effect of the Brexit result...do you want to know what the real problem with our country is? (See attached picture) #VoteInDecentMPs
Download And Stereaming 2019 Movies Free! Dont Forget To Retweet!!! #2009vs2019challenge #Spiderman #spidermanTH #Venom #Movies #Gillete #TuesdayThoughts #NationalHatDay #Girl #GilletteAd #TheFlash #Brexit #SDLive #BBB19 #Videos #bbb2019 #WayVisCOMING
74% don't believe in democracy, clowns
I don't agree w/ the 1st or 2nd part of that! The conference position doesn't guarantee a ref. &amp; I think the situation in the marginals suggests we'd lose a GE ( I'm not necessarily opposed if/when we lose the no con. vote but it's a Sophie's choice!
Following last night's #brexit vote, I wrote up a piece detailing what a #NoDealBrexit might mean for the #whisky industry:
That would be ok as long as the help is about finding the right Brexit solution. Discussion on further referendums, or blocking no-deal Brexit is not helpful.
'#EU will bite our arms off' #Farage #REVEALS brilliant plan to secure #Brexit in 48 HOURS
F#ck off with your scare tactics you thick brainless c#nt!
BREXIT: UK PM MAY SAYS ELECTION WOULD MEAN EXTENDING ARTICLE 50
May rises to respond to Corbyn’s pointless VoNC. She knows she has the numbers. She defaults to monotone Maybot regurgitating of ‘Brexit means Brexit’ and respecting ‘an illegally and fraudulently procured’ referendum result.
If the people’s vote happens, our democracy is invalid, we would have failed as a country. Added to that, calling it the “people’s vote” is suggesting that those who voted for Brexit aren’t people, why have we lost basic humanity over this issue?!
How will Brexit impact on Irish universities? via
This dilettante knows nothing about economics apart from his own financial interests. Too busy polishing his own image; that of a pseudo-aristocrat. Narcissism of a blatant kind.
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
Bet that egg could get a brexit deal through parliament.
In all the mess that is #Brexit this made me laugh. It was hysteria tinged though
A clear , pictorial explanation of possible developments, by the : May’s Brexit Deal Failed. What Happens Now?
However, with Brexit there is a lot of plot to follow :-)
The Finance 202: Mays Brexit plan just collapsed. Heres whats next.
I do not know one single thing about brexit on account of my brain switching off in self-defence whenever I hear the words "customs union"
Yeah but Trump will go and we will be stuck with Brexit
Russia's Lavrov: We're not rubbing our hands with glee over Brexit
BREXIT WARNING: Irish deputy PM admits there WILL be a hard border in event of no-deal via
#Brexit was the brainchild of Russia/Putin designed to destabalize the UK just as he is doing to the US. - , please, for the good of your people, just admit you were duped and drop it. Move on, pretend it never happened. #RESIST #NoBrexit #NoBrexitAtAll #NoConfidence
which BEAMA is a member of, is calling for an extension to Article 50 following the result of last night’s Brexit vote. A No-Deal #brexit should not be an option!
Just heard a Brexiteer on R4 call crashing out ‘a global Brexit’. It takes a very special type of polish to shine that one.
A "Clean Global Brexit"? #wato
If there’s no workable Plan B produced then the options would surely have to be along the lines of Remain or No Deal Brexit
May wants parliament to finish the #brexit job yet she doesn't engage with it. #NoConfidence
. have lately been reminding me of Harry Enfield's classic William Ulsterman... #Brexit
Very good from - the left must oppose the EU.
"Frankenstein's" deal dead LabLeader hammers #PrimeMinisterMay on her lack of consultation on BRExit negotiations, treating them as a party political matter, political matter, failures, lack of support from own party
So May has just lost a postponed vote she knew she would lose and will face another vote today she knows she will win in order to to have another vote on Monday she knows she will lose. #Brexit
Get off our backs.
URGENT ATTENTION OF ALL MEMBERS OF PARLIAMENT - REVOKING OR EXTENDING 'ARTICLE 50' NOT REQUIRED. IT IS ALREADY UNLAWFUL:
Donald, it must be so embarrassing for you to know that you were conned by a Russian con-man whose attempts with the US electorate, president and the Brexit fiasco all are being exposed and failing. It's time for you to hang up your hat... LOSER!
#Brexit: UK PM May says general election now is worst thing we could do
Best news (if true) I've heard this year #Brexit
It appears it is you who doesn't understand...just because you didn't like the outcome of the referendum result doesn't mean we get to keep voting until you do...the excuse that we have all the information now is pathetic... #LeaveEU #Brexit #NoDeal
Something other than #Brexit - Bauhaus architecture in pictures: The architects exiled by Nazis
is this what will happen after brexit?
I don’t usually tweet about politics, but... let’s just leave and take our chances. Business will find a way. Let’s leave politics out of it. #Brexit
#Britain's parliament has voted against Prime Minister Theresa May's Brexit deal by a massive margin, triggering a no-confidence vote that could bring down her government. The House of Commons lower house voted 432 to 202 against May's plan for taking Britain out of the EU.
– author of the #HostileEnvironment, begetter of the #racistvan fiasco, architect of the #Windrush scandal and the one who plans to make #EU citizens resident in the UK pay a fee to stay in post-BREXIT UK – accuses life-long anti-racist of #Antisemitism
Keep your eye on those sneaky fuckers, they’ve pinched a few of my gags. Most notably ‘only 5 Brexit secretary’s to go until Christmas’
Why, it was a shit deal and Brexit is an even bigger shit idea. #PeoplesVote #StopBrexitSaveBritain
Remember Labour had the temerity to do well in the last election and that’s the only reason we don’t have a Tory Brexit. It’s her responsibility and Labour respond. They are the opposition
Thank you. You are defending our democracy even more than brexit.
All Theresa May will do when she presents her "new and improved" Brexit Deal next week is change it to Helvetica font from Arial Bold. #NoConfidence
Have booked flights in April. Perhaps not wise? What will a no-deal Brexit look like?
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
Good points. But worth noting ANY Brexit deal would have failed, because any (realististic, non-cakeist) deal, once clearly defined, is not what the Brexiters want, or are expecting.
#ExitFromBrexit #StopBrexit or failing that: #indyref2 #Yes2 #BorderPoll Who wants to live in a UK dominated by #BrexitEngland &amp; #Englishnationalists? #PMQs
#Brexit = All Brits are under a huge fan=the EU membership,blowing vertically up. #Brexteers produces nonsense which like smelling fecal matter floats over due to the generated pressure. #Brexit will be turning off the fan, so everything will fall,all Brits will be dirty&amp;smelly.
BREXIT: UK PM MAY SAYS PARLIAMENT MUST FINISH THE JOB ON BREXIT - RTRS May going all Street Fighter ...
Will you , my local MP, be adding your name to this list? Despite writing to you several times on the issue of Brexit, I’m still unclear where you stand exactly.
Hence Car workers in Germany are lobbying against "no deal" already today! They are worried!
#ThingsThatAreBadForYourHealth Brexit
Corbyn won't change policy. He's a Brexiter. Consequently, I wouldn't vote for a Labour manifesto supporting Brexit. Ever. That's after 50 years of voting Labour.
[insert generic witty brexit comment here]
UK parliament votes down Prime Minister May’s Brexit deal
Corbyn challenged on Labour's Brexit policy via
May trying to sound like Thatcher in commons now. We need certainty. She needs to drill her ears out. She is bringing this country into ridicule. I am sorry for HM The Queen having to face foreign ambassadors with this fiasco at home. She is even trying to blame others forit
BREXIT: UK PM MAY SAYS ELECTION WOULD MEAN EXTENDING #ARTICLE50 #BREXITVOTE #THERESAMAY
Sham government playing games at this crucial juncture. Jokers
It really does seem to be the case that while Theresa May does not hold the confidence of the vast majority of the House, a very slim majority fears Corbyn and a Labour revolution, so they prop her up while holding their noses. Unreal. #Brexit
What a shambles, this Government supposed to be running our Country. How they have managed the Brexit reflects how they run our Country. Tories OUT and OUT of the EU
The Debate has begun Watch it live now
Why do Conservative MPs keep saying that Labour doesn't have a Brexit policy.... they have a better one at this point than Tories do...
Brexit Meltdown as Theresa May is Massively Defeated on Her Crappy Deal via #BrexitChaos
EEC euphoria in British business journals 1972-1973. #Brexit
James O'Brien's Unmissable Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote - LBC
well... that's that then. no deal brexit, united ireland and independent scotland... and whats not to like about that?
‘This obscure law could save us from May's Brexit deadlock’
Irrelevant again from you pencil, you know there is no appetite for a no deal brexit. Parliament has proved that last week and labour will back a second referendum after May survives tonight!
Are Europeans not past the point of wondering actually? We’ve been trying to figure that for 2.5y. Brexit fatigue also on the continent may well mean acceptance that it is now time to just move on. By default, a no-deal brexit will occur, barring a radical twist in Westminster.
He also said a lot of other things in that speech which never came to pass so I think he can be well ignored as most of it was wrong. If you think he is to be admired I wonder if you voted brexit thinking we'd be less of a few foreigners.
UNION/LABOR NEWS: With May’s monumental defeat, no end in sight for Brexit via
UK government faces no-confidence vote after Brexit defeat via
Steve Hilton: Original intent of Brexit - restoring freedom and sovereignty - buried by inept bureaucrats Sounds to me like DEMONCRATS !!!! EVIL !!!!
The 2 conspiracy theories on brexit. Dont forget treasa may is a remainer and therefore, Is like hiring a solicitor " treasa may" that works for the other side . in the case of treasa may and the europeans...
This brexit thing has draggedddd
Merry Brexit!
Hard to keep up with #brexit but what I don’t understand is how some MP’s yesterday voted against what their constitutes voted for. Democracy has gone mad and is hanging by a thread in the UK #Brexitdeal
his is amazing
May’s Brexit Deal Failed. What Happens Now?
We Now Go Live To Brexit
And he still is under the delusion that what the people want is just a less catastrophic Brexit deal...
Well done lunchtime news report on region's Mps and #Brexit but as usual no mention of Bath or our excellent MP ; anyone would think that Bath voted to remain.
Me *desperately trying to keep up with Twitter despite not really knowing what's happening * Does this BREXIT bring you joy? Gillets. Pierre morgen.
The latest El Chango Diario! Thanks to #nuevodíacnn #brexit
Exactly and neither does Britannia rule the waves anymore . . .
#Corbyn #Brexit LOVE IT LOVE LOVE IT
My predictions: U.K. government will lose no confidence motion. Election will be declared in next few weeks. Conservatives &amp; Labor will replace their leaders. Tories will choose another Brexit supporter but Labor will choose a Remain supporter. Labor will win
Not sure what you mean. Did his Brexit deal lose a vote by the largest margin in British history?
Please ban from attending
#Brexit: UK PM May says election would deepen division, bring chaos and delay
Yes all seems to be in the formulation. It was also probably a mistake to talk only about Brexit, why not Brexin?...that could have made the difference, no?...
Brexit logic: We don't need Europe. But 44% of our exports &amp; 53% of our imports are with the EU. Ah, but there's the rest of the world to trade with. We don't have trade deals with the rest of the world in the same way, they can take years to negotiate. We don't need Europe.
He supports Brexit because it opens up a new market for the Russian’s when we leave. Simple economics. People will be more encouraged to trade outside the EU. Why do you think Trump and our neighbours across the pond support it too?
Download And Stereaming 2019 Movies Free! Dont Forget To Retweet!!! #2009vs2019challenge #Spiderman #spidermanTH #Venom #Movies #Gillete #TuesdayThoughts #NationalHatDay #Girl #GilletteAd #TheFlash #Brexit #SDLive #BBB19 #Videos #bbb2019 #WayVisCOMING
I use to compare discussions in the house of commons to a bunch of immature childish school kids, these days those school kids are more mature. What a shambles our government is. #Brexit #PMQs
#BBC World at one #margaret Beckett I voted Brexit. Margaret Beckett presumes to tell me the WA is not what I voted for. How does she know? She hasn’t asked me?
Why the landslide defeat of Theresa May's Brexit deal matters to the U.S.: "If this continues, then we're going to have another recession"
Clearly brexit is a fucking mess but I will say it’s so fucking easy to do nothing but watch and then criticize. Even I look good if you give me the benefit of hindsight every single time.
#Brexit #skynews ok remainers are shouting for a second referrendum because they didnt like the result of the first referrendum. I ask this..... What happens if we have a second referrendum and vote to leave wins again?
*checks notes* the UK wants to leave, it’s not the EU that wants to leave the UK. On the contrary. So, why should Brussels need a better approach exactly? THIS is the deal, no renegotiations, these are the consequences of #Brexit, find a solution yourselves!
Funniest column I've read in ages. Especially enjoyed the Florence Foster Jenkins line
Brexit Uncertainty Risks UK Rights | Human Rights Watch
#brexit #brexitvote you are a hero for this :)
Globalists loons... Facing a no confidence vote because they totally lost sight of the will of the people. The people voted for freedom... May doesn't even know what freedom is. "Theresa May suffers enormous defeat over Brexit deal vote"
Everyone knows about these two and I am sure their careers will come to a spectacular end quite soon. They are just annoying screechers incapable of original thought, bit like flies or midges.
Brexit certainly uncovers knowledge other political issues leave hidden
How lady-like you Brexit people are!
Quite right too, Mrs May.
Considering the scale of Brexit this should've probably been one of the first things that happened after the vote. Although both main parties were obviously too busy tearing themselves apart at the time....
Yup! He’s putting up no decent opposition and has opposing views on Brexit to majority of Labour voters but won’t come clean about it.
And next a No-Confidence vote that could trigger an election.. More time off the Brexit clock, more instability...
URGENT ATTENTION OF ALL MEMBERS OF PARLIAMENT - REVOKING OR EXTENDING 'ARTICLE 50' NOT REQUIRED. IT IS ALREADY UNLAWFUL:
Great #Brexit behind the scenes Instagram Story from .
Worse than a school playground , while people are suffering!! If the government cannot sort out northern rail , nhs , police , education, brexit and cannot command a majority in parliament, and in a general election then where is the confidence??
I'm sure we're not the only ones worrying about what Brexit is going to bring. You're allowed to turn the news off. You're allowed to focus on yourself &amp; what you're doing. British theatre survived Cromwell, May isn't taking us out. #actorslife #MentalHealthMatters
Italy braces for 'undesirable' no-deal Brexit after agreement's defeat [ ]
the globalists in england will keep seeking a public vote until they get their way on BREXIT. even if another vote is taken and again majority votes for BREXIT. 3 years from now they will be seeking a vote again. this is the new DEMOCRACY
Brexit = tuition fees
The parade of Tory lickspittles lining up to support the same PM upon whom last night many of them helped inflict a crushing defeat is truly nauseating but then turkeys never vote for Xmas do they? #Brexit #NoConfidenceMotion
"The British people expect you to mess it up because you have a habit of doing so!" - my 14 year old daughter's view of the Brexit shambles
Cue political oblivion awaits… now if only had a leader the country believed in and was doing Brexit from conviction rather than a damage limitation exercise. It’s time for Thatchers revenge on the Europhile wets… kick them out and seize the Brexit opportunity
This “let’s just get on with it” belief is common but misguided. If you want this chaos over, we have to #Remain. Because *every* version of #Leave means ten more years of #Brexit and nothing else. Untangling 45 years WILL take a decade. From here.
Also: Brexit’s the splash in the Wall Street Journal and prominent on front of the Washington Post. Impressive from the UK during a government shutdown and juicy new Attorney General hearing
Both the paralysis in Parliament and Theresa May's many defeats in Parliament stem from Theresa May losing the last General Election on her own terms. Time for a new #GeneralElection; #KickTheToriesOut. #NoConfidence #Brexit #BrexitVote #politicslive
Is it too late to take a do-over on the Constitution and adopt a parliamentary style of government
What's particularly funny about this nostalgia is talking to US friends about it. As far as they're concerned, they won WW2 not the Brits (although we helped a little bit).
Theresa May’s Brexit deal failed epically in Parliament. But no one has a better idea.
Is there any deviation in turns of path, never mind the deviousness.
"Chris Grayling, the least appealing ferryman since Charon" ... Brexit is an "all systems clusterfuck" ... in fine form.
My man is running cause Miss Piggy was calling
Download And Stereaming 2019 Movies Free! Dont Forget To Retweet!!! #2009vs2019challenge #Spiderman #spidermanTH #Venom #Movies #Gillete #TuesdayThoughts #NationalHatDay #Girl #GilletteAd #TheFlash #Brexit #SDLive #BBB19 #Videos #bbb2019 #WayVisCOMING
#BrexitShambles 'There is no time for a probably indecisive General Election, and a national government in place for six months would be an entirely appropriate instigator of a new national consultation' argues for a PV in his latest blog
In almost every aspect of British life there are positives to a no-deal Brexit via
associated-press|May's govt faces no-confidence vote after huge Brexit defeat|
Amid Brexit distraction, the Tories sneaked out a massive Universal Credit cut From 15 May 2019, couples with a partner of pension age could lose over £7,000 a year
How members of Parliament voted on Theresa May’s Brexit deal
The great problem of our times is the inability to eat in any cafe without hearing a fat man angrily give his pro-brexit views
Houses of parliament debates are literally just glorified roast battles at this point #Brexit #brexitdebate
How are you supposed to plan for #Brexit given where #Westminster is right now? We're here to help. Our #Customs training courses, #PostBrexit workshops and #Brexit health check help you to prepare for all eventualities:
Read how ‘Energised’ Shropshire manufacturer defies Brexit uncertainty with 20% sales increase- #marcheshour
google-news|U.K. Parliament’s Rejection of Brexit Deal Puts European Union in a Bind|
Petition: Brexit re article 50 it must not be suspended/stopped under any circumstances #Brexit
it is the NATIONAL interest you resign #Brexit #RevokeArticle50 #RemainerNow #StopBrexit #StopBrexitSaveBritain
#Islam #Brexit #UKIP: Muhammad on why 'Women are deficient in religion'
should we now ask " NOEL EDMUNDS " to preside over BREXIT negotiations ? he surely could not make a worse mess of it? lol
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
Brexit : « Enough is enough »
The Washington Post: As Brexit deal goes down in flames, exasperated Europe wonders what the Britons want. via
UK PM May spokesman: Prepared to talk to anyone to deliver Brexit
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK - CNNPolitics
Macron Warns EU Will Make Few Concessions if UK to Renegotiate Brexit Deal
One of the best things about Twitter is fighting . The fight. Not them.
On Brexit, Labour is working hard to remain absolutely, certainly, unequivocally…undecided
reuters|Search on for Brexit consensus after May's crushing defeat|
Always soften a horrifying hypothetical with an amusing simile: “And here comes the affectedly shambling figure of Boris Johnson – not so much a statesman as an Oxfam donation bag torn open by a fox – who could conceivably still end up prime minister of no-deal Britain.”
Download And Stereaming 2019 Movies Free! Dont Forget To Retweet!!! #2009vs2019challenge #Spiderman #spidermanTH #Venom #Movies #Gillete #TuesdayThoughts #NationalHatDay #Girl #GilletteAd #TheFlash #Brexit #SDLive #BBB19 #Videos #bbb2019 #WayVisCOMING
Takeaway from today's Prime Minister's Questions following yesterday's historic defeat of May's Brexit deal in the House of Commons: 'Democracy is much too precious to be shared with the 48% who voted to stay in the EU.'
Nope, it improved moderately due to the markets inferring that brexit is collapsing....
reuters|World stocks hold nerve after May's Brexit defeat, pound steady|
Ok but what is that haircut
I'm with you on this Carol.
“But I will absolutely not vote for anything that could lead to no Brexit. To do so would be to break faith with the decision of my constituents &amp; our country.” Well didn't he do a poor job, look at the mess the party is now in because they didn't prpare for no deal
You miss the point. Brexit was not conceived in 2016. It has been a project of the far-right for many decades. As the above makes clear those people had no plan and can now show no evidence that they even considered solutions. Why the obvious incompetence?
Any PM who loses by 230 votes, does it not trigger a resignation? In this day and age political principle is dead ala Theresa May #Brexit
doesn’t seem to realise it yet, but she’s done #BustedFlush Next week, needs to sideline her and take over, with a cross-Party committee Unprecedented, yes, but so is everything else about this #Brexit debacle!
So far discussion had taken place in UK Parliament and in news from all corners we understand BREXIT will have negetive impact on economy , financial and International trade.
Dear , thank you for re-tweeting we would be delighted to see many of your students and staff on Friday! Due to the recent Brexit developments, we will be discussing these on Friday instead of GDPR.
Brexit is just what Dr. Putin ordered. You are a Russian propagandist masquerading as a "conservative." If the British people were to vote to reconsider Brexit, "Remain" would win easily.
Ireland cannot shift on hard border after Brexit - Varadkar via
What the heck does Theresa May have to laugh about???? Does she not realise we can see her on the Parliament Channel? Come on Theresa, what's so funny? Share the joke. Because we have nothing to laugh about Signed The voting public #brexit #HouseofCommons #PMQs
She's certainly got a lot of important texting to do! Either that or #CandyCrush is the in-game for Parliament again. #fishnets #Corbyn #PMQs #NoConfidenceMotion
Cancel Brexit — Choose Love — Save Life on Earth
How can any MP that sits on their phone or iPad or asleep vote on any decisions . You are doing you're job . #Banphonesfromparlament. #Brexit
you don't acknowledge that this has been an issue for many years on both sides of the divide in Glasgow. this goes beyond indy or brexit
To those small minded folk obsessed with the thought of the "massive" £39Bn that we may not have to pay the EU if we hard Brexit - it really isn't that much ~£600 per person in UK. Brexit in any form will cost us all (personally) much more than that
This made me laugh so much - forget #Brexit - MPs must debate banning low level letterboxes first - really?
never happen
This is about time that someone put the end to this Tories Brexit project and abandon the whole thing. It has already damaged British economy and politc enough. #Brexit #endBrexit #StopBrexit
Sources are saying that Theresa May may appoint to handle the Brexit situation
I don't understand peoples mentality. Many say they will not vote Corbyn because he wont give a second referendum but nor will the Tories, so who is left ?.I would rather not have Tories running this country after Brexit if you look at the way they are running this country now.
By heck, two hypocritical tweets in one day after your vote against the PM last night. If she is now consulting why will she not meet with ALL other party leaders to explore viable options to avoid her self-developed #Brexitshambles?
As Brexit deal goes down in flames, exasperated Europe wonders what Britons want - The Washington Post via Britons already told you they wanted to leave the EU two years ago. Parliament has miserably failed to represent the will of their people
#UK PM May : an election would mean delaying #Brexit: General election not in national interest.Nothing we haven't heard, expect another few 100 headlines before the vote.
I Will Create Elegant Wordpress Website Using Divi Theme
If Brexit would make Carney raise interest rates I might even support it. But no, he doesn't mean it and I must remain a remainer #Brexit #interestrates
Search On For Brexit Consensus After May’s rushing defeat
LONDON (Reuters) - Prime Minister Theresa May on Wednesday will try to forge consensus in parliament on a Brexit divorce agreement after the crushing defeat of her own deal left Britain’s...
From the very beginning May chose the hard Brexit route. A series of red lines to delight the ERG, but have now proven to be unobtainable. The Brexit fanatics stream on to a crash-out Brexit. May still refuses to compromise, as this is the wish of the Tory party.
Search On For Brexit Consensus After May’s rushing defeat
When MPs commit themselves to doing something impossible then they are heading for disaster. Members of the public are collateral damage in the disaster, including the uncertainty and stress of not knowing the outcome. #brexit
Excuse me , but in U.K ....
Taking our eye off Brexit for a moment to look at British inflation figures released on Wednesday morning: at 2.1% December CPI (YoY) hit its lowest level in nearly 2 years, meaning the BoE will not be in a rush to raise interest rates any time soon #CPI -
It is Britain's unique misfortune that, in its deepest crisis since World War Two, it has the two worst major party leaders in a century.
Theresa May's days as Prime Minister of Britain are literally numbered. Another referendum on same would be a total waste of time &amp; wherewithal. #Brexit #MorningAgenda
If the Brexiteers want to lead us into an economic fairyland they have a responsibility to provide tangible evidence. Prior to this #Brexit fantasy we were top of the European growth league - now we're 4th from bottom because of Brexit
This is horseshit . It is the job of THE GOVERNMENT to lead the country out of the chaos induced by the failed brexit project, not the Opposition. If you cannot do it, resign. Only option is to give the people the final say. You simply lack the cojones to admit it.
He Santa bellowing, or being beastly in my view, he just told her some facts. Snow is another biased reported it seems
Does yesterdays historic defeat for the British government and its Brexit deal give you any hope or just make you despair at the ability of nations and people to make good decisions collectively about the future? #rsachange
Brexit = Trump = Brexit
#Sterling value has risen even with #Brexit vibes on the expectation that Theresa May will prevail over the Labour no confidence vote
This reasoning just seems nonsensical. It's future of a country, not a football match. #brexit
What is the matter with her?
the-washington-post|Brexit vote: British Parliament rejects Theresa May’s Brexit deal, leaving withdrawal from E.U. and prime minister’s political future in doubt|
Just to name 1..#gove from the great #brexit dividend on the #brexitbus, to 'winter is coming'.. no sorry, #noshame , no integrity. #PeoplesVote #RevokeA50 #StopBrexit
Mr. De Boer of a Dutch employers' organization reminded us on Dutch radio of the fact that many English soldiers gave their lifes to free Europe from fascism. EU should pay more respect and must avoid the impression that they feel to obstruct Brexit is a way to take revenge.
Brexit vote ups pressure on U.K., Canada to strike bilateral trade deal via
BBCNEWS 5:38am CONFIDENCE VOTE DEBATE. PM: We need to deliver Brexit for the British people
Brexit: Prepare for General Election, Prime Minister May warned after historical Commons vote defeat via
Please #retweet
En smule overblik over kaos…..May’s Brexit Deal Failed. What Happens Now? - The New York Times
URGENT ATTENTION OF ALL MEMBERS OF PARLIAMENT - REVOKING OR EXTENDING 'ARTICLE 50' NOT REQUIRED. IT IS ALREADY UNLAWFUL:
If you don’t ask us , how do you know what the people expect of you or what the people want? #PMQs #Brexit #PeoplesVoteNow
Do we live in a democracy or a dictatorship?
time|The U.K. Government Braces for a No-Confidence Vote After Historic Brexit Defeat|
As I said before : #Brexit is the most stupid idea since said: "It's really beautiful weather today. I got a wonderful idea. Let's make a tour trough Dallas in an open limousine."
That is Brexit. Brexit is UK leaving the E.U. EFTA is not the EU
We shouldn’t want anything from them now. We don’t need them really. We have WTO. We know we’re in good shape. We know they’re in bad shape They are communist megalomaniacs. Power and money crazy freaks.
Yes, but we have to go through the motions as there are many who think cancelling Brexit show politicians do not respect our votes and do not listen. We know brexit is bad, but unfortunately leave won the referendum.
Our country is run by a bunch of fucking bulbs, this is shameful. #brexit
Remind you of anyone?
All the UK's political party leaders are either shit politicians, have shit ideas or both.
Hold a Second Brexit Referendum via
Please sign &amp; RT this petition to deselect Arch HARDline Remoaner Anna Soubry
Hey him
So funny. Boris 'not so much a statesman as an Oxfam donation bag torn open by a fox' .
Grieve Proposes Bills on Second Referendum: Brexit Update via #brexit
your explanation of Brexit is the best
They're happy because their leaders never seem to miss a chance to sell out the people. They're convinced that MPs will simply vote at the last minute to cancel Brexit entirely, and grovel for the EU to forgive them.
independent|Brexit dominates political circles, but outside Westminster many are tuning out|
Here is the Brexiteer's loved economist giving his view of the future out of the EU. People up North and in the Midlands would think whether this is what they expected to be the impact of coming it out of the EU.
The contempt that Jeremy #Corbyn's #Labour Leader's Office show towards the Party's membership on #BREXIT/#LEXIT knows no bounds ... But they still expect those same members to campaign for Labour and at a General Election. #PeoplesVote
The Brexit vote happened before the U.S. election, people recognized Trump as an agent of the same forces that brought them the “leave” vote. Russia interfered in both votes, using bigotry and xenophobia to deliver results that would undermine Western values &amp; global confidence.
reuters|Time for playing games on Brexit over: German foreign minister|
Why don't you talk about brexit?
This makes an interesting read : Brexit 2019: mortgage and house price predictions – Which? News
the-economist|Theresa May loses big over her Brexit deal|
If it wasn't for Theresa May's wall (otherwise known as Jeremy Corbyn) which she hides behind and which keeps her safe in power, she'd be political toast.
EU must avoid no-deal Brexit at all costs
brexit blue x
Brexit: MPs debate no-confidence motion after May's deal defeat – Politics live
Heard a couple on the Brexitcast podcast. Definitely gave the impression that Brexit is favoured by the majority of MPs.
Congratulations on being the unofficial face of Brexit
This government has certainly failed, but so has the opposition. Those of us who are anti-Brexit are stuck in between a rock and a hard place.
#Breaking #Brexit #Britain.... Brexit vote: European 'surprise' at scale of defeat
Yes and why not ask the public to vote again to confirm their belief to make sure it hasn't changed and to choose which direction to leave? To advice parliament, if it's close they could ignore it as they could deem Brexit a danger and not follow through which is perfectly 1/
Well done Ian keep up the good work
Only 72 days to think of one...
Otherwise known as Brexit, Season Two.
Wat flauw wellicht... In het kader van de Brexit: this substance may be a cure for the schizophrenia in the UK parliament
. should have focused on this and made the public aware.
An intelligent broad brush political history lesson on how we got to this Brexit impasse by
ouch
FFS! “May says the way to avoid no deal is to back a deal. And she says some MPs are unwilling to hold constructive talks with her.” Yes, members of HER OWN PARTY &amp; THE DUP - her partners in government! #brexshit
UK - Go Hard. The weak parliamentary may want to stay and be coddled by the EU, but the people want it their way. #Brexit All will be well. Do not listen to those trying to instill fear for leaving. Be sovereign. #Populism
Your have to assume that #UK is going for a Hard #Brexit, if till M29 #EU gives in &amp; want to REALLY (re)negotiate, better, if not, HARD BREXIT. You have more than TWO MONTHS to settle things up like Airlines according to International Orgs.
Tories descend into infighting over best way to sort Theresa May's Brexit mess
The government has already respected the 2016 referendum by spending over two years and vast amounts of money trying to shape a Brexit which works for Britain. Now we’ve discovered that it can’t be done, we need to ask whether Britain still wants to leave anyway.
She can do now wrong...meanwhile Brexit makes me feel better about America!
BREXIT: UK PM MAY SAYS GENERAL ELECTION NOW IS WORST THING WE COULD DO (via )
#Brexit Showdown via
"A minority member of a political union" Thanks for this innovative colonial euphemism. The british keep us for our oil, energy &amp; exports. They "won" in 2014 because, like with Brexit, the british establishment conned the ignorant &amp; under/uneducated.
Ah Grace, yes, Jeremy is miraculously going to produce socialism in one country. What bollocks. Written with love from Newcastle. xx
Unable to even sit in the same room together May and Corbyn begin cross party Brexit talks...
2nd ref asking hard soft or no brexit
"Brexit Roundtable Webinar: Outlook for GBP and London Stocks" In this webinar, three of the DailyFX UK-based analysts discuss the outlook for the British Pound and London stocks after the historic Brexit defeat for the UK Prime Minister.
"A new Customs Union", "A close relationship with the Single Market", implemented how, exactly?
Brexit is a shitshow and whatever happens it will continue to be a shitshow ... A big bloody shitshow
Anybody else waiting for India to suggest UK #partition, so that this #Brexit theatre can finally be over?
I got that ;-). Being a British Subject. The monarchy heads up much more than England, Scotland, Wales, and Northern Ireland. One of the roots of Brexit ( I’m a remainder btw ) is to increase trade with British Commonwealth countries ( Empire 2.0 ) which is pertinent to thread.
With little signs that Brexit uncertainty will go away, here are the key stocks to watch right now
WTO Brexit brings clarity. Withdrawal Agreement brings uncertainty about the result of further negotiations. Remain brings uncertainty by involving UK in the constant internal negotiations about the future shape of the EU. eg:
Excellent from cheered by the rest of the house
Young people are our future, the country is theirs how are we ensuring youth work includes young people in the debate #YouthWorkChangesLives
Plan B- give David Cameron a knighthood and appoint him Brexit Secretary to sort it all out
The last MP proving my point. Snarked the PM while being afraid of Labour.
A more informed vote? You mean now that voters have been told Brexit will mean we'll run out of toilet rolls? There is zero justification for a second referendum given the abject mess Parliament has made of trying to implement the result of the first vote. None whatsoever.
"Betting odds on Brexit strongly indicate that it will be delayed (or even never happen)" #marketnews #techstocks
I'd say Brexit differs from Wexit in that without Stan Kroenke's incompetence, Wexit could have worked. Brexit was a stupid idea from the off
If you can receive the #livestream of #BBC, here's the link to watch #TheresaMay #NoConfidenceVote. #Brexit
#Lexit: it is not possible to implement democratic #socialism without a confrontation between capital &amp; labour: a confrontation that would see the #EU [a #neoliberal project] siding with capital, obvs #brexit nails it for the
I’d take Brexit over endless “refugees” and tax hikes to pay for them.
BINO in other words. How is that better than staying in?
He set out to weaken or destroy the West! Another good day for Putin as political turmoil grips US and UK
I believe Brexit was manufactured and encouraged by Putin using the same tactics he used in the U.S. in the rise of Trump. Like Trump’s, Brexit supporters throw out common sense. In the end, politicians please all tactics will fail and someone will have to be disappointed.
is right. This should be the next step. A new referendum will cause more division, and this will the the next step if there is no general election. It is more madness from May. If Corbyn is so unelectable what do the Tories fear? #Brexit #NoConfidenceMotion
Cowards. They want " a permanent customs union with the EU, a close relationship with its single market and greater protections for workers and consumers." THAT'S CALLED EU MEMBERSHIP, M8!!! Labour calls on May to try a Brexit compromise to get deal passed
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
Not only are they both shit at Brexit, but they are both shit at reading words written on pieces of paper. #TMJCShitShow #NoConfidenceMotion
Parl't want to take 'no deal' off the table &amp; then send May back to Brussels to negotiate. Give me strength! Brexit doesn't stand a chance in the hands of these cretins. What next, adopt the sodding Euro?
No-deal Brexit: what are the implications for British travellers? | The Independent
Really what is needed is to have free votes on Brexit with the Executive pledged to move forward on whichever way forward has the most support. May the best plan win. Personally I prefer to stay in the SM than have a permanent CU if that’s the choice. More important for jobs.
All the debate has come up against a stubborn fact: Brexit is damaging to the British national interest. No deal can make it look good. May tried and failed. The British, and particularly British youth, deserve the right to determine their long-term future on the basis of reality
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
At least we came up with our own word this time. Who is Brexit's Bomber Harris, who will seek revenge against those pesky foreigners?
The Big Picture - The Brexit Puzzle: via
What , young people supporting Brexit, MSM told us all young people are remainers. MSM couldn't be biased could they ?
As long as they ban low level letterboxes. That's the real issue at hand today #Brexit #Shambles
Britain's a small country. Get used to it.
"A deal has been negotiated that would allow us to leave in two months’ time. It’s you, the Brexiteers, who defeated it. #Brexit is there. It’s on the table. It’s ready for you to carry away. Don’t you dare accuse me of bad faith if you fail to pick it up."
If I were May I'd be so tempted to offer Corbyn the chance to negotiate with the EU and see if could get a better deal.
How do I see Brexit ending? I think they’ll just keep dragging It out until literally every person In the country’s head explodes.
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
The latest the #business #consulting news! Thanks to #brexit #bvtua
Why would you give a mob of losers who have spent two years rejecting a democratic vote another one for them to reject as well? We decided to #Leave. Get over it and support #Brexit
#Europe: ‘Meaningful Vote’ and Beyond: Judgement day for Theresa May’s Brexit deal
US armys get a government shutdown and Donald tr*mp
Shamanic predictions for 2018 show a great year for Brexit and Trump
Well, definitely not A), B), or C).
Brexitland is a faraway place And yet it’s there, just on the horizon But nobody knows how we get there Whether one walks, or drives, or flies in #brexit #PeoplesVote #poem (1/4)
Which is always an option there’s no guarantee on anything but if they don’t stop squabbling ad trying to avoid brexit that’s what will happen the eu has made it clear there deal is on the table we can pick but there’s no guarantee they will agree
General election?? Who the hell is there to vote for. Get on with it, stop acting like spoilt brats. We're British we can do this #brexit
A second vote on a second referendum..? #PMQs #BrexitDeal #Brexit #BrexitVote
As long as her status is intact and she gets to keep on denying Voldemort's gaining in power, I mean, that #Brexit is a historically disastrous misstep, who cares how her choices will affect the Wizarding World? I mean the UK.
What an utter fool. No deal would benefit London in the long term. A bigger and more immediate benefit would be for you to quit as mayor today.
Do all you folk who signed this know it was debated yesterday? Same time as WA. One of biggest parliament petitions ever, relegated to a deserted debate &amp; lumped with every other Brexit petition! That’s how much political classes respect voters!
criticised for calling an election and wasting time, last time. Now, they want to call another one, at a more pivotal point. #hypocrisy #Brexit #StandUp4Brexit #LeaveMeansLeave #NoConfidence
He’s the price of a parliamentary system that requires voters to choose party over individuals. And he’s benefiting because people are running from both May and Brexit.
Don't believe their incompatible. I'll use Canada, it has good relations with the EU but no FM. I'd say it is more to me the racist/ denigrating language/attitude toward some EU immigrants (eastern Europeans) (same toward non-Europeans) and Brexit that will be the real rub.
She cannot so alienate hard Brexiteers on the day of a No Confidence vote that they are tempted to abstain or even vote against. It will become apparent that only a softer Brexit can command a majority, if Parliament fails to agree and enforce that, it will be her deal v no deal
But JC still hellbent on supporting Brexit, he’s lost my vote despite all the other great Labour policies as none of them are workable if the country exits EU and has to spend years rebuilding itself!
Corbyn's problem now is that if he does not come up with a way to stop BREXIT he will go down with May in taking the blame. No more can he say it's a tory problem when he is standing in the way of a peoples vote
Government ‘sneaks out’ £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote
This is straight up PROPOGANDA AND FEAR MONGERING. which side are you on? #CNN #MAGA #Putin #Brexit #GovernmentShutDown #CNNFakeNews #MSM #Trump #Patriots #RedAwaken
What Brexit do you want? A no deal? A Brexit in favour only for the UK? In a fair negotiation every part must give something! Or the issue here IS NOT for the deal but to take the government down?
Can't stop it, mate. Free movement of ideas.
Brexit is a farce by design, we are not allowed to leave.
#Europe: Brexit: Theresa May faces vote of confidence after “worst defeat in modern UK history”
John Baron, who lost his Brexit amendment last night by 576 votes, gives his confidence and support to a leader who, as he says, “only lost by 230”
BREXIT Update: In the final showdown, ironically, guests are saved from V-Raptors with cooperation from the T-Rex that first attacked them. The guests flee the reception centre towards the rescue helicopters. But this is just the first film in the series. #chaos #peoplesVote
Of all the super smart people I follow, 1 mentioned the Brexit fiasco. A government is collapsing......But we really need to know exactly how many hamburgers Trump bought. This is why America is dumb.
URGENT ATTENTION OF ALL MEMBERS OF PARLIAMENT - REVOKING OR EXTENDING 'ARTICLE 50' NOT REQUIRED. IT IS ALREADY UNLAWFUL:
Government faces vote of no confidence after historic #Brexit defeat via
"The Brits are racists with a strange fascination with imperialism. Maybe we should just kick them out." If the shoe were on the other foot, this is about the level of analysis pro-#Brexit people bring to the table.
What is going on? The atmosphere is toxic. This is not America. Britain First is a right wing group of disillusioned nationalists. Brexit is not an answer it's a mistake.
Here is what I told the after last nights vote.
i go over to the live Brexit twitter moment and im greeted with a bunch of boos at Theresa May, what even is British politics
Theresa’s a fitty with a back off how about that for a Brexit deal
In the clearest indication yet of his hard-#Brexit stance, Corbyn confirms that Labour has ruled out no-deal. The fiend.
Can't believe I'm actually hoping Theresa May isn't voted out. There is no one else showing any sign they believe they can take on Brexit. Sick of people referring to voters as idiots and saying ignoring 1st referendum would be undemocratic when it was based on misinformation.
Yep forget this Brexit nonsense
Theresa May in the run-up to the meaningful vote - “the deal I have negotiated...” Today - “the deal the Government has negotiated...” #Brexit #NoConfidenceMotion
Following last night’s defeat in the UK Parliament for the Brexit deal, we have prepared a podcast version of our publication “Preparing for a hard Brexit – ten points relevant to mainstream debt capital market issuance”:
I'm sorry to everyone, whichever way you voted in the #referendum, but this is an absolute shit show from every side of our government #brexit #article50 Can I emigrate?
is this your way to get #brexit #BrexitVote consensus? You need to work with everyone ... whether you like or not. YOU MUST change some of your red lines. #customunion is the only option! And stop pandering to the whims of Rees Mogg!
You’ve no chance of winning! The majority of your voters are leavers, and you want to stay in a CU etc? That’s not brexit! A GE result would leave you in a very bad position within your party!
. on what he thinks the limit to Article 50 extension is...
My family contributes £4,500 a year to welfare and £120 to the EU. This country needs to rethink its priorities! #Brexit #Politics #BrokenBritain #DividedKingdom
Journalist: What are 3 main pros &amp; cons of No-Deal Brexit? Me: "3 cons are: you break the Good Friday Agreement, ruin the economy &amp; trash the NHS. 3 pros are that you provide clarity on the fact that you've broken the Good Friday Agreement, ruined the economy &amp; trashed the NHS.
And I hope that does not pull the parliament of confidence of the government's day #Brexit
Empire Down!
the-washington-post|Analysis | Deal or no deal? Theresa May’s big Brexit defeat, explained.|
So the Brexit deal was May’s until yesterday and now she’s saying it is the government’s deal. She is a proper chancer. #PMQs
#Brexit = All Brits are under a huge fan=the EU membership,blowing vertically up. #Brexteers produces nonsense which like smelling fecal matter floats over due to the generated pressure. #Brexit will be turning off the fan, so everything will fall,all Brits will be dirty&amp;smelly.
World stocks hold nerve after May's Brexit defeat, pound steady
European Markets End Mostly Higher Ahead Of Brexit Vote - Nasdaq
, so17, 4 million people don't have there votes taken into account? And 200 mps do who voted in Parliament for brexit this may be democracy in Pakistan not England at least they don't murder them as butto and zia in revenge attacks
Pretty sure an election would settle who the people want to deliver Brexit. That's certainty.
Scotland Secretary David Mundell faced fresh calls from the SNP to resign in the wake of the Prime Minister's "unprecedented" defeat over her Brexit plan.
PMQs verdict: Corbyn exposes May's empty offer of cross-party Brexit talks via
The one definite consequence of the rejection of May's Brexit deal is continued political instability. Brexit, however, provides the world with an excellent case on what nationalist populism can "achieve" in the long-run. Our flash evaluation available.
This man will go down in history as one of the worst PM's this country has ever see. The naivety to ignore an ever growing Eurosceptic nation, and call a referendum purely for Political gain whilst showing incredible arrogance in assuming he'd win without fighting an argument.
Are these two BBC journalists actually as stupid as they appear, we all know the real answer. There isn't a GE, yet and therefore there isn't a new manifesto, what's hard to understand
The latest The Rein Gerritsen Daily! Thanks to #vaccines #brexit
Let’s do two ballots together - #peoplesvote and General Election - save money and throw the trash out of parliament at the same time
Hi Jacob. Well done matey: Lenin would have been proud of you for having helped to create the biggest political mess that the uk has ever faced. Job only half done. Next step full Brexit which will bring unemployment and the most left wing labour government the UK has ever seen!
Uk armys get concert dates. You know what southeast Asian armys get? NOTHING. Shut up and be thankful for what you get
Remember, there is a likely Parliamentary majority for a #SoftBrexit, something the EU says it would accept. No deal is not inevitable. could come to a cross-party agreement that represents the 48% and stop insisting the will of the 52% is all that matters...
Her perseverance is now wiful recklessness
I hope you are not suggesting that anything about politics is easy or simple, especially after yesterday. #Brexitvote #Brexit #PeoplesVote #FBPE #c4news #alloutpolitics
If the EU refuses to do a deal and no deal Brexit is ruled out, why would they ever give us a deal? Maybe that's the EU plan, we will be trapped.
How members of Parliament voted on Theresa May’s Brexit deal
"Clean global Brexit"? WTAF does that mean or is this the new managed No Deal, clean break etc etc? Could you just once call out these weekly buzz phrases as the meaningless drivel that they are. #gammonfodder
She knows such an action will cancel BREXIT and blame it on Labour, in a vain attempt to claim the high ground.
And what is there is shrouded in myth An Atlantis or a Never never land Has it unicorns, or ogres, no one knows But we won’t be led by the hand #brexit #PeoplesVote #poem (2/4)
You are right... he is Brexit
Rupert Murdoch has been pushing for Brexit in the UK and now he wants the destruction of Nato. By eradicating Democracy in favor of Authoritarian Kleptocracy he would achieve his life's mission.
The only democratic way to break the impasse over Brexit is to have a referendum on the deal. Who can say with any honesty that the will of the people may not changed now we know the details without it being tested in a People’s Vote. #BrexitShambles #PeoplesVote #Havering
Don't try and pin the failings of your hopeless government on anyone but yourselves.
Theresa May must go time for her to resign or be kicked out she’s brought this country to its knees and made a total hash of Brexit as well as dividing and ripping apart her own government
Another traitor who will be deselected
Both #Brexit and #TrumpShutdown involve nonsense populist projects, and both involve a Govt which is threatening its own citizens with serious economic harm to do what a minority want. This is result of voting for 'toughness' &amp; simple solutions to complex problems
I'm not one of those "we should be like the UK" people, but I do envy their contempt for their executive leaders.
via WATCH: David Cameron asked if he 'regrets' Brexit referendum
Goldman Sachs sees greater chance of Brexit being scrapped altogether after historic defeat
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK We need to take back our democracies.
As the crisis worsens, the Brexit countdown must be stopped via #fail #brexit
If their answer is no. Then how can a good #Brexit deal ever have been correctly debated nor exacting to the electorate. If yes , Then surly those who with held the information not allowing correct &amp; exacting debate &amp; therefore true representation of the #British #electorate
still can't commit to being a party of Brexit or remain, dishonestly claiming would fight an election on a new deal, knowing Brussels won't negotiate one. Just as bad and the Brexiters. #BrexitVote #ConfidenceVote
Would be nice if the british government would switch to a higher level of brain activity or at least to some acceptable level of not-suckage. Rescind #Article50 until we know what #brexit is really about and are fully aware of the consequences of leaving the #UE .
British PM Theresa May faces another no-confidence vote after Brexit defeat
British PM Theresa May should opt for no-deal Brexit: Nile Gardiner via the App
The government already stated today there will be no extension and no new vote. EU elections are in May and staying or extending if it were even possible would mean we would have to vote for MEP's which Brussels doesn't want. The British people voted for Brexit and it's law now.
“I might lose”
Yeah? Why can't the Remainers see that? Because they are hoping for another vote where there will be different options for out; none for no deal out and just one for Staying without any deal. So the Brexit vote will be split. They think we're as daft as they are.
Only a General election can extend Article 50!! #Brexit #GeneralElectionNow #Article50 #PeoplesVote
What would the questions be if we were to have a 2nd referendum? #brexit
This really is all just a game to and her shambles of a Government. Not that is actually any better. Fucking Pathetic, the lot of them. can piss off too, she's just as involved in this charade as the rest of them
So to hell with what the people want, then?
BREXIT VOTE FAILS BY 230 VOTES -- UK's Theresa May Loses in Landslide via
The leader, so called, of the opposition refused to work cross party during the referendum and seems little concerned with Brexit only with failed worldwide socialism. Of all times in our history stuck with for the few and inept to boot Corbyn and May.
Just another 'scene' in a drawn out play. Make no mistake this lady has this all planned and worked out. Just going through the motions to make it look good. Maybe in the hope that eventually we'll think she REALLY TRIED TO GET US A DEAL. BREXIT? More chance of flying to the moon
don't you want to try and get a mandate for your chosen #brexit?
I thought once the PM learned her version of brexit only got 202 votes, she would have a chance to go back and trigger a different article and see how it turned out. I'm looking forward to the fight-scene version (#Bandersnatch - in case that wasn't obvious)
Never thought I’d say this but I agree with May: a general election would solve nothing. Both party leaders want Brexit. There would be no point in voting if you weren’t dead set on crippling the country.
The xenophobic sludge at the bottom of the pond was thicker than expected, and the #Brexit lie-mongers stirred it up into an embarrassing sludge. The truth must now be told (choose your crayon colour), and ask the same question to the now (hopefully) better-informed.
URGENT ATTENTION OF ALL MEMBERS OF PARLIAMENT - REVOKING OR EXTENDING 'ARTICLE 50' NOT REQUIRED. IT IS ALREADY UNLAWFUL:
EU have deliberately made this an impossible job for any man or woman to set an example so no one else tries to leave,it's what they want. To centralise Europe,it's blatantly obvious. Every day there's more and more "2nd referendum?" bombarding the news. They don't want brexit.
...and Dublin should help because.... Backstop has been a major problem in PM'a Brexit plan. Perhaps she should get their attention with an offer that the UK turns over control of NI by 2025..
Brexit #ThingsThatAreBadForYourHealth
Theresa May is up defending herself on the confidence motion- says 'A general election would mean...extending Article 50 &amp; delaying Brexit for who knows how long'. Follow it here
UK inflation falls to lowest level in two years. UK inflation fell to its lowest level in nearly two years in December after a fall in fuel petrol prices offered some respite to consumers who are reining in spending as Brexit looms.
The government has already respected the 2016 referendum by spending over two years and vast amounts of money trying to shape a Brexit which works for Britain. Now we’ve discovered that it can’t be done, we need to ask whether Britain still wants to leave anyway.
Just out of curiosity if there was a 2nd vote and remain won, as a leaver have I gotta accept the result ? #Brexit
Brilliant
THE NUCLEAR OPTION Historian/broadcaster Andrew Roberts has urged PM Theresa May to call on the Queen to suspend the parliamentary session until Brexit takes effect of March 29, to deny Remain plotters the opportunity to derail it. The UK &amp; EU would default to a WTO relationship.
As Brexit deal goes down in flames, Europe wonders what Britons want - The Washington Post via I hope the BBC thinks twice before they write another article about threats to democracy in America. Looks like Britain has some problems of its own.
Balfour boss in Brexit blast at Chancellor
Theresa May is now responding to the no-confidence motion against her government. Follow live
UK is worse off without question. Nov 6 elections and flip of House has already changed US govt, and more is on the way. Entire British political system is failing - no leadership from ANY party, and no solution for how to save the Brexit ship scheduled to sink March 29.
Dear Some examples of human smugglers, from hundreds of examples All profiles pictures or names are #FakeMed #stop_human_trafficking #DontBeAMule #CyberScams #EndHumanTrafficking #OrganizedCrime #CoE #justice #EU #Malta #migrationEU #EUprotects #Brexit #safety
Corbyn has one agenda and nothing else. A general election. It could be the best deal ever on the table and he’d still argue it down. #Brexit #corbynresign
Just perfection!!!
Has #Germany got a spare £39B Mrs Merkel? #Brexit
You need a law to support a second referendum. The problem is it is unlikely there will be enough MPs in favour to pass it. The Parliament is pro- Brexit.
Leaving the #EU
is this your way to get #brexit #BrexitVote consensus? You need to work with everyone ... whether you like or not. YOU MUST change some of your red lines. #customunion is the only option! And stop pandering to the whims of Rees Mogg!
German carmakers warn hard Brexit would be 'fatal' - Reuters
Corbyn mentions that yesterday changes to the pensions scheme were sneaked in. It makes me wonder, given how the past two years have all been a good day to bury bad news, how much shit has gone by unnoticed? #Brexit #PMQs
It’s no where near over, The optimist in me says article 50 extended and then a second (people’s vote) referendum on the direction. To Brexit or To Not Brexit. The pessimist in me says some scary Fuck will become pm when may steps down and things get monumentally worse.
Tell the EU they are not getting a penny of the £39Billion quid and use it to take the whole country on a piss up to get some rest from hearing the bloody word "Brexit"
They caught us with our pants down.
There is no deal to be done. Give us a hard brexit and then we can start to work on trade. How many European lorries arrive in Dover, Harwich and only use the UK as a route to Ireland? They fill up abroad, drive on our roads polluting and clogging them up and pay nothing
IMO, and the deserved to get their asses kicked on the #Brexit vote. It was a weak deal that accomplished nothing that the #VoteLeave constituents wanted. It's time for #MaximumBrexit.
I am so ashamed to be British now.
Tell you what, if that’s what gets yr motor running you’ve gotta go search the Internet for “blitz spirit Brexit”.
Can we just cancel brexit and have Welsh independence yet?
Yes indeed. Looks more like applying a ‘May’s Brexit’ shaped sledgehammer to the heads of people!
I took part in a citizens' assembly – it could help break the Brexit deadlock. It’s time we all did throughout the UK.
It’s all a big game to some of them, so rich that Brexit won’t hurt them whatever happens
Britain's a small country. Get used to it.
BREXIT Explained: B - Bullshit and Lies - both sides guilty R - Ransom Requested - how much are we paying Europe to leave E - European Joke - do I really need to explain X - Xenolithic - a fragmented foreign...
Theresa May’s Brexit plan suffered a huge defeat. What comes next? - BBC News US
These Corbynites are useless. Labour is set to lose over and over again. Yes, even with those despicable and all but a safe pair of hands tories.
I hope we'll be able to laugh about this sh*itshow Government and Brexit after we #Remain
Am following this Brexit farce with increasing alarm and horror....
oh u can see through it, is all a big Con to keep Tories in power, We need to get rid off them and then we could have a referendum or fixing Brexit or stopping it...
Thanks for the vox pop,
Theresa May talks about 'the national interest'. If she really wanted to do something with the national interest in mind, she would resign and make way for a true Brexiteer to lead our country. #NoConfidence #Brexit
Brexit news: McDonnell CONTRADICTS himself on no confidence stance | UK | News |
The referendum result was built on lies and fantasy. It has no credibility. Now we know the truth - that Brexit can only be bad for the country and its people, we need another vote. And we need to introduce laws and punishments for lying politicians.
Analysis: Where's Britain headed after Brexit vote? | DW News
All voting for Theresa May in the no confidence vote tonight. Internal Tory democracy: Theresa May - VOTE FOR ME OR HAVE THE WHIP REMOVED + NO RESELECTION COME THE NEXT ELECTION when vote of no confidence happens after Brexit vote. GRAVYTRAIN overrides all.
Time for you and the DUP to sort this out. Tell the Tories that you will only support them when they have a Brexit Minded Leader and once this has happened a good trade deal is certain.
MP’s stand back, and usher us on Like pawns in a game of chess Not caring which way the pieces fall No desire to clean up the mess #brexit #PeoplesVote #poem (3/4)
with 72 days until Brexit the deal the Tories spent 2 years working on was just rejected by a 230 vote margin in a *tory parliament*
The phantoms are fully assembled now, factory-made no biblical deluge. The walls soak it up, finger the soggy plaster, the wet paint leaving a mark. The stains, matching maps of european countries: our games, to destroy the intensity, accelerate the inertia. #Brexit #BleakHouse
EU Referendum reminder.. By constituency: 406 Leave, 242 remain By voting area: 263 Leave, 119 remain By party: Labour 148 Leave, 84 remain. Tory 247 leave, 80 remain #Brexit has been a shambles because #Remainers were in charge. No Brexit No democracy!
They walk among us.
Very revealing that Guy things the exercise of parliamentary democracy is "a mess." EU politics is nice and neat and controlled by the Executive.
Brexit Live: MPs debating confidence motion after May’s huge Commons defeat
UK share prices and £ sterling FX rates have remained steady after 's rejection of 's EU withdrawal deal. Markets had already absorbed uncertainties over #Brexit. Letting the law take it course, and the UK “leaving with no deal,” would be taken in stride.
What last night's historic #Brexit defeat means for #recruitment via #recruiting #hiring #HR #HCM
At the moment she seems to be doing both!
#WTONoDealNoFear Going up at around 1000 signatures per hour... Petition: Brexit re article 50 it must not be suspended/stopped under any circumstances
No more referendum. If we want to leave, we must leave. #Brexit Cometh March the 29th.
I vote David Lammy for PM!
Utter, sheer brilliance. Again. #Betwatted
Fella calling argued against a people’s vote had an awful take on #Brexit sez it’s like being asked if you want lunch, you just say yes &amp; don’t go back asking well is it an omelette cuz we’ll have to break eggs etc. What we’re being offered isn’t edible so no thanks
No, Theresa May, the people expect you to resign. So what’s keeping you, apart from your arrogance and delusions? #brexit #ConfidenceVote
When reading about the Farming Roundtable I can't help but bring to mind Monty Python's Knights of the Roundtable sketch. Tbh, it feels appropriate with regards the #brexit farce
99 reasons why we need a change of Government but Corbyn ain't one. I have very little argument with him on so much he says apart from #Brexit. 73 days to go and he's still trying to play everyone off with the 'all options' speech.
Yes you are! #PutinsPlaybook #PutinIsAPariah
If all the other horses were on steroids would you demand a rerun? How about if Santa shat under the tree instead of leaving presents? Brexit is a shit under your Christmas tree! We demand a #peoplesvote
Hands up if you voted Leave in the hope that would mean staying in a #customsunion.... #BBCWATO #WATO . #Brexit
Anyone who thinks brexit or remain is more important than getting a Labour gvt elected are traitors.
Just confirming what the British public have long suspected. While everyone downs the so called deal nobody has yet offered a more realistic alternative. Politicians have badly let the British public down.
should be deselected, does not represent the people of Bassetlaw - a wholely labour area and votes against the party line. Bassetlaw voted for Brexit, not the shambles deal that Mrs May proposed last night.
Oh brother. You don't still believe this nonsense do you? Next you'll be telling us that Brexit will result in £350m a week of extra funding for the NHS!
Shes back with her Chain round her neck! More evidence that Theresa May is a puppet for elites and chained to their instructions. I urge the #conservative MP’s with any dignity to please now give way.I urge the #Liberaldemocrats to help the country by Voting with Labour #Brexit
non-brit oomfs getting scared about brexit welcome to the club
Ironic Brexiteers proclaim the strength of #Brexit Britain. Then call EU “bullies” for their firm line that protects EU and not...Britain.
Brexit Scenarios; What Irony As It Will Be That Of No-Deal That Delivers:
URGENT ATTENTION OF ALL MEMBERS OF PARLIAMENT - REVOKING OR EXTENDING 'ARTICLE 50' NOT REQUIRED. IT IS ALREADY UNLAWFUL:
With the Brexit deal being rejected by MP's by such an overwhelming majority. What next? Is a Hard Brexit more likely? Contact us to discuss your options and what could happen. #SWLShipping
I just posted "Brexit: Prepare for General Election, Prime Minister May warned after historical Commons vote defeat" on Reddit
Tory MP presents EU Referendum Bill via #remoaners trying to overturn the referendum #wtobrexit is the only sane choice! #brexit #moggmentum
This might be a sign but shame we’re having to guess the nuances of a half-answered/half-dodged answer from the PM as to what happens next. #PMQs
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK. Putin could not be happier right now, he plans are working better than he ever could have hoped.
Brexit has created a 'lost generation' of public services
I searched what the DUP actually want from Brexit (because it's so unclear to me) and this article made me laugh - I can't read it without shouting "NO!" in my best Northern Irish accent. … via
Can't find a single reply to Landlord Phil that's in favour.
Pete Wishart: what would Labour policy be in a future general election on brexit? Jeremy Corbyn: we're a democratic party. How is that even an answer? #NoConfidence vote should be had in JC. #Brexit #LabourParty
So why’s he bothering to opine then? My investments are staying where they are because over time the numbers will tell the truth when this boring war of trite slogans and playground name calling is finally over. #Brexit
Karma if she gets run over by the bollox to brexit bus...
will you be getting any other bribes to keep this nasty government in power? Do you have no shame or morals considering the misery they impose on vulnerable people in the UK. Do the right thing #noconfidence
Let's not get into the room lost thing, that's not part of the conversation. What the conversation is about is the type of brexit voted for. And there we different promise from different factions that swayed votes.
The lack of understanding by some UK MPs regarding #Brexit is a national embarrassment. They haven’t recognised the #EU position at all, despite it being clearly set out! Much easier to blame and those nasty non-subservient foreigners eh! #Remain
Goldman Sachs sees greater chance of Brexit being scrapped altogether after historic defeat
Start stocking up on food, medicines and weapons. Wish I was joking. #brexit #NoConfidence #NoDealBrexit
Theresa May’s arguments against a general election would make a lot more sense if she hadn’t called one herself in 2017 #Brexit #NoConfidenceVote
No deal, the 'Norway' option, remain - potential outcomes for Brexit explained
Historian: Queen Should Suspend Parliament to Stop Anti-Brexit Plots via
I can’t wait to see how Brexit plays out because Ireland being united by accident is probably the most Irish thing I’ve ever heard
Corbyn still trying time sit on the Brexit fence he sat on for 2.5 years. Everyone knows Corbyn is a Brexiteer. #TeamUseless
Brexit Agreement was defeated by a humiliating 230 votes, of course is justified in calling for a vote of no confidence.
There is no end to their desperation and psychopathy. If it weren’t so serious it would be funny how utterly bemused and incenses these maniacs are that we didn’t do what they told us to. And we are now supposed to let these people rule us haha! Just utter insanity.
SAYS TO HIMSELF: "There is going to be a debate on the countries leadership today, after the Government was defeated by the biggest margin in history.. On Brexit, an ever changing complexity. There will also be the first PMQ's. This. This is the tie" #Brexit #PMQs
Breaking my Twitterfast to post this. Because it is the best thing on #Brexit I have ever read (and I think I've read everything now)
We're holding a #Brexit seminar in Manchester looking at some of the likely #employment issues. , , , if any of your members/followers "oop North" would like to come, they can register via the link below. We'd love to see them.
On French Protest Culture and Brexit from Brittany
Departed Tokyo, now in Singapore for speeches and meetings. Nervous region about China, Brexit, and US reliability.
No. However, to be fair her resignation won't change anything. With both parties punting fantasy #BREXIT deals it hardly matters given the issue she was defeated on was Brexit. A Labour Government is preferable but in #brexit Britain the next election is 2022.
Dear Mr Juncker &amp; Mr Tusk. Given that has omitted Jeremy Corbyn from cross-party Brexit talks, &amp; that has an alternative deal, would you agree May has lost the ability to negotiate an agreement with the EU?
Khan of Londonistan says a lot then cowers to the theocrats who encourage, finance,house and hide the terrorists. Looks like cold feet on Brexit. The stuff of cucks. What did Khan say after every terrorist attack? Be alert? How can I be alert while I can’t properly defend myself?
how did we get here?
Did people honestly expect it to not be a mess? If they did they massively underestimated the significant ties we have with the EU
This Saturday! Free tickets : @ Mayfield Center
I think May is taking us to a No Deal Brexit. With only 40+ sitting days I don’t think anything can stop her now.
It was the year of Brexit. The year of destruction. The year we took back control. It was the year of rebirth The year of great sadness The year of pain And a year of joy It was a new age It was the end of history It was the year everything changed. The year is 2019. The place UK
Can somebody ask Corbyn what he'd do about #Brexit if he *won* a GE...?
I think you will find that almost all the Brexit leaders voted against Brexit last night. As did the Remainers, of course. The problem with Brexit is that even the Brexiteers won’t support it.
So let’s choose again before it’s too late The drawbridge still straddles the moat Decide if we really want to be at siege By giving us a second vote #brexit #PeoplesVote #poem (4/4)
We are 10 weeks out from Brexit and British MPs are amusing themselves by chasing unicorns. The hubris and arrogance they are displaying, the sheer contempt they have for the ordinary person is staggering.
It's no wonder the climate in this country is so toxic. The MPs act like braying jackasses. #Brexit #BrexitVote #NoConfidence
The great Brexit rebellion
She said, Deal or no Brexit, didn't she?
They are already using the catchphrase "red Brexit".
If a hard Brexit takes place, responsible politicians would be well advised to make Scotland independent and Northern Ireland merged with Ireland. As a result U.K. is history based on the power struggle and incompetence of political elites. #Brexit #UK #Scotland #Irland #EU
To those who think a second referendum could turn around the 1st one beware that may not be the case. then what happens if leave wins again do we have another one. im afraid to tell those wanting this outcome in law we leave on the 29th of march on WTO
Man child remoaner cries everyday for nearly 3 years then accuses everyone else of crying. People that voted Brexit in their millions are rightfully angry there's a big difference between betrayal and denial/ tears of the loser. It is the difference between adult and child.
To be fair, France overtook us in 2017 and we went back ahead in 2018. I'm fully against Brexit but I think where we place in the world's Top 10 economies and whether we're five or seven is a bit of a first world problem.
$PDYPF: Betting odds on Brexit strongly indicate that it will be delayed (or even never happen):
An Englishman, a Scotswoman and Irishman talk about Brexit
Brexit party!
Why did Jeremy slam for 'wasting time' for the last election, yet he wants another one at arguably, an even more pivotal point in the #Brexit process.
I completely disagree respectfully. Things like GE are fine, referendums of brexit importance, over 74s have absolutely zero right to a vote on something when they will not see the direct consequences of their vote. It’s morally bankrupt.
Corbyn was always more in favor than May for Brexit, though? My understanding was May never wanted Brexit; she held the original vote to shore up her “remain” position but it backfired spectacularly. But Corbyn always has had a strong nationalist/populist streak?
08:59: NO SCENARIO CAN BE EXCLUDED AFTER #UK PARLIAMENT REJECTED #BREXIT DEAL AND PARTICULARLY A NO-DEAL SCENARIO - #BARNIER
More uncertainty for tech businesses in the UK in the tech sector #startups, #funding, #location, #recruitment #AI #ML #Robotics #STEM #TechDiversity #womenintech #OOWLON #Brexit
Think even I can translate this one. #Brexit #kaosu
Brexit: UK parliament disappoints some voters in Darby
I don't think a second referendum would help because I don't vote anyway. I just let the politicians get on with it, even though they may laugh about it. #Brexit
#Brexit = All Brits are under a huge fan=the EU membership,blowing vertically up. #Brexteers produces nonsense which like smelling fecal matter floats over due to the generated pressure. #Brexit will be turning off the fan, so everything will fall,all Brits will be dirty&amp;smelly.
EU ready to discuss new Brexit deal if UK changes 'red lines'
Every. Single. Time. She gets humiliated and he let’s her change the topic the NEXT DAY into whether or not Corbyn would be a better PM. This time he just leaps into it head first w/ a vote he’s going to lose just as badly.
No deal is the default option. We're in the shredder anyway. Problem really is for People's Vote as they are the one's who have to build an opposition to ND. Seems unlikely considering this:
Shambolic: Brexit bombs in Parliament, May gov’t teeters
Um what is this magical technology that is going to fix the fact my medication comes from Europe and the country is going to run out 11 days after Brexit? Are they going to 3D print it? Order it off Amazon? How is technology going to solve anything?! *Screams forever*
Brexit Borderlands: The Irish Times maps Ireland's border crossings _ Mark Hennessy via
Brexit explained: What the X !# is happening NOW?! via
Forget the Brexit blues - #DuchessofCambridge does dopamine dressing in magenta #oscardelarenta
Brexit chaos, Wylfa Newydd on the brink - but here are seven reasons to stay positive about North Wales economy
Brexit, schmexit? Futures still higher.
Offence of upskirting finally enshrined in law in England and Wales: And campaigners have Brexit-embattled PM to thank for taking up the fight.
'Abandon Brexit' says representing all major UK poultry processors. Bold move &amp; interesting when 'catastrophic' no deal quotes from other orgs don't seem to be cutting through the #brexit noise
Today’s top pics: Brexit deal rejection to bring chaos and more
$THRG #Blackrock Throgmorton Trust Throg’s shorts shine: With a decision on Brexit looming and US rates climbing, many investors appear to have adopted a more defensive stance. Dan Whitestone, manager of BlackRock Throgmorton Trust (THRG), has reduced…
Actually us business people want it moved to finalise Brexit leave and get trade moving..and I've not met one who doesn't want this asap
#Brexit deal number 2 .... 1. The EU gets #LarryTheCat 2. The UK keeps the 39 billion quid 3. The #Lannisters get Ireland 4. Pubs open 24hrs
Genuine question for #PeoplesVote types. What happens when you lose that vote as well? What do you then do to assist the implementation of Brexit? That is going to form a central part of any campaign as the public just won't trust you.
Brexit: EU opens door to further trade negotiations if Theresa May ditches red lines | The Independent
Excellent opportunity for Putin to launch an attack on the western world...Two major governments in turmoil...and an idiot at the helm of one of them.
"The essence of the case for Lexit is that it is not possible to implement socialism without a confrontation with capital and its representatives in institutions such as the EU" - excellent from the courageous and cogent
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK - CNNPolitics
URGENT ATTENTION OF ALL MEMBERS OF PARLIAMENT - REVOKING OR EXTENDING 'ARTICLE 50' NOT REQUIRED. IT IS ALREADY UNLAWFUL:
Some May allies think offering Labour a customs union is now the only route to a majority. But it would "formally" tear the Tory party apart and ERG hardliners would signal they'd abstain in a confidence vote
Nice and clean - May’s Brexit Deal Failed. What Happens Now?
As far as Tories go, I'd rather have a MP who is pro- Brexit and has some balls. I.e. Borris or Rees Moggs. I've voted Labour all my life, Corbyn rallied with the IRA and he's ant simetic. So on that note kid, I've been voting UKIP. Untill the rest sort there act out.
What a great time to be a politician. All these opportunities to be seen preening, posturing and opinionating on TV, without having to say anything meaningful. #brexit
73% of people didn’t vote for Brexit. Over 85% of Labour Party members want to remain.
Theresa May's ability to cling on is kind of impressive. #Brexit
As a British Citizen let me be very clear, If there was another Brexit vote my vote to leave would be the same. If I had to vote a 1000 times I would vote leave a 1000 times. Because of the EU stance I am more resolute. EU PLEASE RESPECT DEMOCRACY
Hold a Second Brexit Referendum
Trump is not permanent and actually is so incompetent is able to change little US policy. Most complaints are about his personality, which don’t really matter. Brexit however is permanent and a form of economic suicide. I’m betting on a 2nd vote and reversing the decision.
Honestly why is anyone asking the opinion of this sentient Christmas ham
I’m afraid it’s the Brexit supporters who can’t deliver - that’s why Parliament is unable to agree a position and why we need a People’s Vote on any Brexit Deal or No Deal
THIS THIS THIS THIS
And Putin is getting exactly what he wanted when he meddled in both the US election and the Brexit vote!!! Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK - CNN Politics
Well done Nick putting country before party and those saboteurs called leave
Korean armys get fancafes and taehyung voice notes, french armys get nothing and a civil war (gilet jaune) ERTYUIHJOK
Brexit
Starting to think she's trying to wear us down so we think ' Oh do what the f*** you want, just shut up about bloody Brexit'
A GE would likely result in a Tory majority, which could ram through any Brexit they want. Corbyn has done this at the wrong time.
Grieve for Brexit ...
#bbcnews #Brexit #toriesout cowards at the £ trough
What is #Brexit compared to this ?
Brexit and no-confidence vote: Corbyn targets 'zombie government'
Theresa May has one last throw of the Brexit dice | Financial Times
U.K.: What's Next for Brexit After a Historic Defeat in Parliament? via Worldview
MAYXIT #brexit
The latest European Affairs! Thanks to #brexit #germany
if you loose the no confidence vote, will you resign? After all your whole approach to Brexit over the last few weeks has clearly been to become PM without an election, after you gained the wiff of power...
First attempt!!!! Where gave you been Cleverly? And maybe look at the supporters in your own party.
Thanks to the . - bunch of traitors via kompromat &amp; payments from Russia laundered through the treasoNRA!
Imagine if all these politians dropped their egos and worked together to sort out this mess #Brexit
World stocks hold nerve after May's Brexit defeat, pound steady -
Senior ERG Brexiteer Mark Fracnois says he clearly disagrees with PM on Brexit, but "I am a Conservative first and last... when the bells ring the whole of the ERG will walk through the lobbies with her"
Party politics apart, this is quite simply factually correct - all those MPs below got elected on a manifesto promising to respect the #Brexit referendum result
This Tory MP isn't very complimentary towards his leader - does he work for The Mail?
Crystal Palace Chairman: Brexit is a win-win for football - Westmonster From Capt.Marlow's logbook
How many MPS are busy on their phones while they are deciding the future of the country? #Brexit #bbcnews #skynews #HouseofCommons
Politicians need imagination...something Theresa May seems to lack completely #brexit #wato
I've found a list of medication that is only imported. My medication is on the list. If I can't get it before brexit, what is the chance of me continuing to get it? #StopBrexitNow #medicineshortage
Parliament - 'most densely betwatted place' - I LOVE this woman!
General Election please
Brexit, in video form
Huh! - think you're shameless.. the Maddog Party can top anything you've got. Get your Brexit behind the best of British! Woof.
#NoConfidenceMotion gov will win which shows Parl has no confidence in , also the reality of the country. Mr wishy washy gives no clear direction as to what viable alternatives to the #brexit #nobrexit deal there is. Politics now a huge turnoff! Useless!
As being as you hate lies, I am sure you are not a hypocrite and will cndemn the real lies on this thread.
This is coming from the Conservatives? Please. Brexit and where we are today is purely because of a uncivil war in your party. If your party had put national interest before party over the last two and a half years, we might not have reached the state of chaos today.
If you’re a Priest in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a farce for you. If you live in the South West of England then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this fiasco! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
She has spent her entire premiership dodging. This will be a fatuous waste of time. Plan B will be identical and get voed down again
Barry Gardiner couldn't answer a simple question that Andrew Neil posed. Will Labour be a Remain or Leave party if there is a general election? Therein lies Labour's problem, they can no more sort the Brexit problem out than the Tories, they are just as divided on the issue.
BBC Sunday Politics South West programme is looking to interview students who couldn’t vote in the referendum in 2016. What do you want to happen next with Brexit? Do you support a no deal, should we renegotiate, should we have a second referendum or do you support the Brexit
No, a first referendum on the terms of leaving, which we did not know in 2016. We can thank Brexit for showing how well off we are within the EU. A vote is the very essence of democracy, only fascists or idiots would deny it.
This is another blatant lie from Brexit; voters, u know what to expect of them. And u are offensive.
“ , the leading Eurosceptic Conservative, hosted a champagne reception at his house on Tuesday evening after the crushing defeat of Theresa May’s Brexit deal, with Boris Johnson among the attendees.”
#BritishPM faces confidence vote after #Brexit humiliation #ConfidenceVote #TheresaMay #BrexitVote #CeylonToday
Our politicians nonsense exposed in their own words... #Brexit
Can you explain how a #GeneralElectionNow will give the constituents of #Cardiff #CardiffWest (pro-remain) an opportunity to express they don't want flavour #Brexit ? Would you recommend they vote this time?
using the Brexit deal for a #NoConfidence vote is the worst example I have ever seen of party politics being put ahead national interest.
I'm not sure what's worse; The state of discourse The lack of respect The lack of humanity The small mindedness The lack of understanding that 1918 is not in the same century as 2019 whichever way you count it
In case anyone needs a reminder of the list of shame
so lame... i mean how can they expect from the the simple citizens to have been sufficiently informed about the consequences of Brexit during the referendum when even their chosen ones were as ignorant about the topic at the time #2ndreferendum #Brexit #BrEnter?
Once Brexit is done and dusted (if it ever is), we really ought to write down some actual rules.
Yersssssss it’s happening again
Maybe Grace Blakeley should consider studying European constitutional law before spouting off this naive and repeatedly debunked Lexit nonsense. And shame on for lending its credibility to such ignorant analysis. #wato #newsnight #PoliticsLive #r4today
POLL - please vote now and share
Time for folks to wake up to this reality.
Corbyn calls on PM to step down over 'Frankenstein' Brexit deal
He's not been responsible for coming up with a comprehensive plan for dealing with the EU. Hell, the Tories haven't even delivered an answer for Ireland yet. The people LEADING this effort have lost so many Brexit ministers it's appalling. Their failures are the real issue here!
#Brexit &amp; still this government thinks that the people cannot be trusted to have a say in whether this madness should be allowed to continue. This is not a government, it is a dictatorship.
Really enjoyed the brexit debate in the recent months but today the house of commons has returned to school playground attitude. Can't they debate with laughing and mocking each other #PMQs #VoteofConfidence
I think Corbyn has consistently said he would get a "better Brexit", which I don't know how he'd do. All it tells me is that he would carry out Brexit. I think this is why a general election would be a bad thing at the moment.
URGENT ATTENTION OF ALL MEMBERS OF PARLIAMENT - REVOKING OR EXTENDING 'ARTICLE 50' NOT REQUIRED. IT IS ALREADY UNLAWFUL:
#Brexit #GovernmentShutdown #brexitdebate #BrexitVote #TrumpRussia 2019 world politics is going straight to the bin.
Theresa May is fucking stupid. Seriously. "meh meh the people want Brexit" shut up you daft cow no one wants it anymore.
I know mate. I respect your view point more than most others who are anti EU. Unfortunately the vote leave campaign wasn’t based on any of this. Have you seen the Ch4 drama Brexit: An Uncivil War? Dunno if you can get it out there but if you can and you’ve not already seen it...
Worry is: Brexit hasn’t just broken politics, it has broken what’s left of public belief in politics
The 432 votes against May’s Brexit plan meant too many different and contradictory things for anything to emerge, in the short run, but uncertainty.
arsenal is turning into burnley wallahi brexit fc.
Brexit analysis: what are the priorities for EU governments around Brexit planning?
Brexit vote: Theresa May’s parliamentary humiliation
Could it be that he's close to the realisation that if Brexit goes ahead there won't be any money for his policies (many of which I agree with, as it happens)?
The French President also suffering from wanting “to have his cake and eat it.” On one hand publicly threatening UK flights and supermarket supplies in no deal; whilst also pushing diplomatically to have full security and defense cooperation after Brexit.
In the past 2 weeks 3,600 Brits in Berlin have registered for their free post-Brexit residency permits
Britain's a small country. Get used to it.
the reason why the are 6 points ahead in the opinion polls is because all the polling companies are run by Tory backers and are biased obviously. #NOCONFIDENCE #NoConfidenceMotion #NoConfidenceNow #toriesout #brexit
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK What up republicans it’s staring you in the face. Vlads bitch boy is responsible and complicit
Locally those working for intelligence say brexit would be detrimental and no deal very damaging. Strong remain voting town
Out means Out.... Spin Hard, Soft Brexit, Crash Out, People Vote blah blah... Out means one things and what the people voted for... All other excuses are holding the voters to contempt...
"Brexit Roundtable Webinar: Outlook for GBP and London Stocks" #trading #forex
Thanks for the support I think millions of us are despairing at what's happening to both of our great nations.
#CANZUK The UK and Canada are likely already working on a post Brexit free trade deal. Hopefully building on the CETA arrangement.
Chris flashed into my mind as I followed this thread and saw the reply about meds for brain ops. Bloody #Brexit needs stopping ASAP.
U.K. Parliament’s Rejection of Brexit Deal Puts European Union in a Bind. Faced with a damaging no-deal departure, bloc must now decide whether to offer concessions to Britain to secure an agreement and avoid an Irish border
One has to admire the #Britsh sense of humour through als this #Brexit quandary.
BREXIT: UK PM MAY SAYS GENERAL ELECTION NOW IS WORST THING WE COULD DO - RTRS I defer to Mandy Rice-Davies
It is ludicrous.if they had just accepted the Brexit vote and stopped moaning about it they could have all pulled together to get a better deal yonks ago! if we have another referendum and the people vote remain I assume we will have a third as it will have to go to a decider
BREXIT: UK PM MAY SAYS GENERAL ELECTION NOW IS WORST THING WE COULD DO
The Kremlin attacked the Brexit vote just as clearly as it attacked the 2016 US election.
Should Scotland have another indyref? Polls suggest that people in favour of being independent is getting higher.. But no, the public and politicians alike would shout it down and say that the Scottish people already had their say. Brexit is no different, we had our say.
It could be worse imagine spending the evening with Angela Merkel !
Come back, Strava results, gym selfies and first-day-back-at-school pics, all is forgiven. The toxic mix of Brexit and Kondo-guilt is more than I can take.
Leading UK constitutional expert Prof. Vernon Bogdanor of Kings College London says he fears, by default, a 'no deal' Brexit is now 'most likely' option.
All true on poverty, Brexit and NHS from JC. But should be trying to appeal to Tory remainers or DUP, which this doesnt... #NoConfidence #PMQs
"A gilded manager who came to St James’ Park as a Champions League winner now fretting about the fitness of journeymen before a shitty little game against Captain Brexit." This is outstanding
What the hell is this guy’s problem? Labour have got a crappy position on Brexit and he tries to divert. What a dick.
Oh and don't forget the EU army !
Doubt you support Brexit, the idea behind it?
Brexit Killers?
Brexit: Everything you need to know via the App
Tbf, and I would not say this often, perfectly good work from Pete Wishart here.....
Brexit vote: European 'surprise' at scale of defeat. European newspapers and broadcasters have reacted with surprise to the scale, if not the fact, of UK Prime Minister Theresa May's Commons defeat on her Brexit deal.
It's our government who don't want to leave. We the voters do. At least Brexit has exposed them for the sheisters that they are.
"In a confrontation between capital and labour, European politicians and bureaucrats would side with capital." makes the socialist case for Brexit in tomorrow's . 1/2
Ah in that case I’d say that I hear Corbyn has an amazing plan for Brexit and now that May is roasted it’s definitely corbyn time The coverage you’re seeing is about that accurate, I’d wager. They’re buzzing about it but that don’t make it likely. It’s just interesting.
Ok, let’s be civil and move this on. What are your hopes for Brexit?
But as usual it won't stop you sticking your beak in...................... #GE2019now #NoDeal
May be or may be not! If you have a solution, please let us all know. Agree, shambolic it was!!! Anything that divides a country is. Brexit has certainly done this. It's doubtful that EU will budge from their position as this would set a wrong precedence for other Members.
Theresa May has one last throw of the Brexit dice
Fancy learning to #tumbleturn (nothing to do with Brexit) over a coffee? And then practice at my fav #sectetswimspot ? Reminds me of my first swim coaching sessi n at The Ivy Club with #alternativeSwimCoaching
Bigger than Brexit
Labour are opposed to Brexit and in effect to democracy itself. You offer feck all but another referendum, more division. And what's all this talk of 'Jeremy'? You stabbed him in the back. MPs have no idea how little the public rate them. You are not people of your word.
Jeremy is the only leader who can bring the country back together and the only leader who knows how to do it.
#Brexit or not Brexit is a question. #BrexitVote #BrexitShambles #brexitdebate #TheresaMaysDeal
Funny #BREXIT tweets
‘Brexit means Brexit’ and a ‘red, white and blue Brexit’ feel like a gooood lifetime ago
Which is it, deliver Brexit or trap us in half in?
So many people voted for brexit on the basis that we could be just like Norway, too stupid to understand that you can’t give up freedom of movement if you remain in the single market
Retweet this mate, let's start publicly bombarding the BBC
What’s your stance on #Brexit Alec? Are you backing your boss?
If Parliament truly cared about the good of the country and not who sits in the hotseat, May, Corbyn, Sturgeon et al should be (should have) attended EU negotiations as one. #PMQs #Brexit #BrexitVote #BrexitChaos
Absolutely barking. Allowing everyone to have another vote, binding this time, now that it’s clearer what Brexit entails, on membership of the EU is as democratic as it is possible to imagine. What have you got to fear? Let the people decide.
Just watching #HouseofCommons - politics in Britain is awful. I can't see how it can be stabilised and Brexit solved within a couple of month! I think cross-party task force is the only thing.
I am so sick of hearing the exact same debate, and back-and-forth in the Commons. We all know your stances on what you do or do not want regarding Brexit, a GE or any deals. Can you all maybe start talking about what your constituents want?
VIDEO - CNN’s Amanpour: Brexit Defeat ‘Very, Very Big’ for Theresa May ‘Personally
How can #Corbyn call Tory #Brexit plan incompetent when nobody has a clue what his actually is? Please enlighten us #JeremyCorbyn #PMQs
...that Jeremy Corbyn is laying out as we speak. We need a Labour government not only to solve the Brexit crisis but also to work to combat poverty, NHS waiting times and the windrush fiasco alongside a plethora of other issues that the Tories can't handle.
He’s the current Brexit Secretary no?
I think it’s a bit late for that Helen. At least you appear to want to deliver what the majority (including your own constituency) wanted. After destroying the police all she’s done is destroy Brexit for the last 2 years and now look at where we are. She should have gone ages ago
A complicated process us on the way. Hope it will be fruitful!
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK Well comrade, you have to be feeling particularly proud today. Now it's time for you to gin up that propaganda machine Kelly Anne? Sarah? ? Putin? #resist #Resistance
I find that hard to believe, purely because it's insane. But this is #Brexit, so that's probably not good logic to go by...
Shut up Paul Anon no unicorn has majority. Waterfall Thames cartoon is good
Theresa May’s Brexit plan suffered a huge defeat. What comes next?
Why has no one read this.. It is the final summary of May's deception of Britain. I dare anyone to refute these damming facts on the entire ruse by May.
Why would anyone vote for Jeremy Corbyn if there's a general election when he refuses to give any details about what the Labour party would do regarding Brexit... or anything!? It's crazy that a 'no policy' approach could even have a chance...
Dave has Simon got a plan when it gets down to the ten finalists.....or or.... is it like Brexit, leave before you have developed a plan to leave. Dave the judges gives me hope for Angel. If they judge by talent, she has a great chance to win.
Yep that works. In the meantime let’s get on with the legal default on Brexit
Everybody should be scared of 'no deal' hard brexit. It's simply not in the UK's best interests, and wasn't mentioned during the referendum campaign by a single Leave campaigner.
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
We don’t need a general election. We need all the parties to work together and deliver a fair Brexit with the EU.
Useful reminder to sign the petition and keep contacting our MPs to support a Final Say for all. #RevokeArticle50 #FinalSayForAll #StopBrexit
Read to the end.
POLL- please vote and share
URGENT ATTENTION OF ALL MEMBERS OF PARLIAMENT - REVOKING OR EXTENDING 'ARTICLE 50' NOT REQUIRED. IT IS ALREADY UNLAWFUL:
Corbyn confirms Labour rules out no-deal Brexit
The claim that any Brexit can be good is a con
All the ills UK citizens are suffering is the result of and Not the EU and Brexit. PROVE ME WRONG!
refuse to deliver their democratically elected mandate of #Brexit (No half Brexit's or conditional Brexit's). If they dealt with it already, they could be doing all the things they aspire to do in Government in an Independent country. #returnofUKIP
#BritishPM faces confidence vote after #Brexit humiliation. Story link: #ConfidenceVote #TheresaMay #BrexitVote #CeylonToday
House of Commons begins debate on No Confidence in the Government - statement by Theresa May responding to Jeremy Corbyn - vote expected ~7 PM The PM appears to be entrenched in her positive view of the Government's Brexit plan. The present plan is expected to lead to No Deal.
This obscure law could save us from Brexit - The Independent
Really??? Could it not just be that some people wanted out? Britain is a sovereign country and people want to keep that sovereignty intact. As I said I didn’t vote leave but am 100% behind the result and after researching things for myself would back a no deal brexit.
France aren't doing much better with idiotic Macron in power.
Actually it shows that there never was a unified leave vote to split. 'The leave vote' was only ever an artificial construct based on combining support for completely different brexit outcomes ranging from Norway+CU to the Thelma and Louise, no deal.
Actually yeah, go ahead with Brexit
The latest The Stephen James Art Daily! #brexit #museumideas
Was interviewed by the fantastic , about Brexit, while standing outside Houses of Parliament with . I look forward to seeing his show (I think)!
2nd ref is a complete non-starter. Sheer fantasy of the anti-Corbyn MSM and right.
Taking our eye off Brexit for a moment to look at British inflation figures released on Wednesday morning: at 2.1% December CPI (YoY) hit its lowest level in nearly 2 years, meaning the BoE will not be in a rush to raise interest rates any time soon #CPI -
Not at moment, they want a new PM now after they refused her Brexit deal
Every time I debate Brexit with a pro leave colleague of mine I hear you say "but we've maaaade our decision".
Maybe Jeremy could do another Train video again. They usually go down well when trying to not talk about Brexit.
Is this the space where public will is spoke and heard, or just a stand for juvenile and selfish squall? #Brexit
Blog: Ishbel Smith examines what the third sector can learn from the Brexit debate
She is blinkered. Focused solely on trying to deliver some sort of Brexit that won’t destroy the country. Not mad, but fixated. Unfortunately there is no-one prepared to oppose her and admit that it simply cannot be done.
Intellectuals
Heed the call of Scotland’s First Minister-the Uk deserves the chance to vote again. Those that voted to Brexit were the victims of a con. No shame in admitting this, a new referendum is in order. #Restorative #SecondChance #RightTheWrong
Dame Margaret Beckett taking The PM's Brexit record for a walk in the woods on #wato, and she was carrying a shovel too : May's refusal to reach out to opposition MPs "arrogant", &amp; "dismissive". Right too!
SETH BARRETT TILLMAN CORRECTS AN AMERICAN LAW PROFESSOR on the Brexit process. Plus: “When you use…
: kamikaze May must volte-face! The appalling EU punishment WA should be renounced, and unlike Cameron, she must tell the country that, mea culpa, she tried but failed. Accordingly, she now backs a WTO Brexit; it’ll keep her as PM and rejuvenate Tory voters!
My word what a palaver #brexit the uk has voted, let’s just leave already and stop creating drama! Our politicians look like rank amateurs! #parliament #wedontwantmoretime #leave #bickeringlike10yrolds stop stalling #welooklikejokes we are watching pompous political idiocy!!
Would you like tea or coffee? Tea, please. Ok, we have camomile and peppermint so which one wo- Erm excuse me lol we voted already no second vote don't need you elites telling us we were wrong we voted for tea now give us tea #Brexit
There are a couple of hundred of these low life maggots , who got themselves elected on lies about supporting brexit &amp; now elected ,go against the wishes of the people , they should all be tried in court on deception charges
This is brilliant....
#Brexit &amp; #Treasonoustrump -&gt; two very successful #putin operations!
I also wonder how this chap is doing -
BREXIT! What does one say? If we LEAVE with No Deal, we go back to doing what we did before the incarnation of the morphing behemoth German controlled EU with Super State aims! We trade with the World, on WTO, especially our Commonwealth Partners. What is there to be afraid of?
So FT is now in a better position to count the votes in a foreign country. Such arrogance pity it did not identify the fraud and misrepresentations in the Brexit vote which took place under it's nose. Will FT take responsibility if this allegation leads to protests and violence?
OK, 1 chance is all we get, even if it means a poorer future.. so nobody ever changes their mind in #Brexit world. Why is it that those that constantly talk about #UKparliament betraying the will of the people are the first to deny people a choice #PeoplesVote? funny that
Watching Parliament today, we are watching dying days of British power &amp; influence. MPs have lost the plot: braying &amp; booing &amp; refusing to reach a consensus. The Brexit referendum has destroyed proper governance. We have a gov that cannot govern but that MPs will not vote down.
Hi Matthew, your Camberley creep calling. I think your recent Brexit articles have been spot on - keep them coming. Any chance you personally could organise a political grouping to get us out of this mess?
And which will be made much worse. Or are you saying that the forecasts of 'Economists for Brexit' are also wrong? Or is it just that you only take on board the (very small number of) predictions you agree with, and disregard all the ones you disagree with? Funny that......
Theresa May tells MPs a General Election is "the worst thing we could do" with #Brexit looming as it would bring chaos, division and delay No confidence debate updates:
Brexit Roundtable Webinar: Outlook for GBP and London Stocks | #Forex
Today's PMQs looked like a "club of mutual adoration" rather than a serious debate over Brexit, especially from Jeremy Corbyn
A free vote on any possible Brexit deal 'should be a way through this' current confusion, says Solicitor General
Because everyone, (the Tories), lied about what Brexit was, blaming immigrants for everything because they knew dicksplashes like you would believe it. They are racist, lying thieves, but hey, you vote for them if you like son.
speaking a lot of sense on #politicslive Thankyou for standing up against this spin from the cabinet. #brexit #brexitvote
If it was the man in the street doing his job to carry out brexit like the politians are He would be sacked at best or like the man who broke berrings bank. Locked up for fraud.
Funny #BREXIT tweets
Jeremy Corbyn doesn't have a brexit plan and he's demanding a general election. I'm no fan of Theresa may or the government but Corbyn is on a mad one here. #ConfidenceVote
Jon latest: RT Lord_Sugar: I have been asked by my PR company to comment to media calls on the government defeat and the Brexit mess. Frankly I have nothing to say and see no solution. Not sure if its legally possible but if I had my way I would just remain and forget the 2…
It's been 3 years. All. You are trying to do is stop brexit. Be honest?
Not sure I'm reading this correctly ! We clearly now, have them where we want them. All the PM has to do, is pass the decision over to the Brexit MP's and it'll all be over by next week ! OUT ON WTO TERMS WITHIN A NO DEAL SCENARIO !!!
here here
Brexit WARNING: Varadkar urges businesses to TRIGGER no deal Brexit plans NOW
Brexit: The perpetual game of snakes and ladders.
Wonder who is going to pay for Varadakar’s Wall
British newspapers are stockpiling ink and newsprint in the event of a disruptive Brexit via
He will learn the meaning of the adage that what doesn't kill you makes you stronger. He will rue the day....I believe the struggle is making us stronger.
SNP divisions hit chance of renewed push for Scottish independence. Tensions within the party have increased, with Sturgeon’s spokesman accusing people close to Mr Salmond of trying to smear her via #Brexit #Sturgeon #TheresaMay #FBPE
"Boris Johnson – not so much a statesman as an Oxfam donation bag torn open by a fox." Splutteringly good line!
British voted to #Leave with or without a deal .#NoDeal best option for #UK
belgium lmfaooo
IN THE GOOD RIDDANCE TO BAD RUBBISH DEPARTMENT: British Prime Minister Theresa May faces no-confidence vote after #Brexit humiliation - AOL News #mapoli #MAGov #London #FoxNews #OANN #Hannity #IngrahamAngle #Tucker #LouDobbs #TippingPoint #TheDailyLedger
Goldman Sachs sees greater chance of Brexit being scrapped altogether after historic defeat
SNP should (still) offer to back May’s British Brexit in return for Westminster’s permission to hold second Scottish Independence Referendum
We are fast becoming the laughing stock of the world (having been the laughing stock of Europe for quite some time). #Brexit #Brexitshambles
So you’re using the crisis and deadlock around Brexit to force a general election when we had one in 2017 and labours manifesto was rejected. How does a general election resolve brexit?
That was the most inept performance by the leader of the Opposition I have ever seen. Ever. #Corbyn It was so bad I now believe he is doing it deliberately not to have a chance of stopping Brexit or the Tories. #PMQs He should have had May by the jugular.
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
Surely it Brexit is the will of the people then a second referendum shouldn’t be such a daunting prospect
‘Labour MPs declare support for second Brexit referendum’
What's more shocking in some ways is how gullible some MP's have been, she will never change, said she would after election debacle, nothing, made speech's about Brexit, does the opposite. She has more dictator attributes than a PM. Wake up MP's things wont change till she's gone
Why she keep screaming 'Labour is not telling their brexit plan'? She doesn't listen or talk to them.
No, it wasn't. It was conducted illegally. It's invalid but we'll all have to wait until the Brexit Inquiry because our PM is prioritising party &amp; career over fundamental electoral law. And in any case, the ref was broadly 50/50, which as we are seeing, is a mandate for Fuck All.
on #WATO advocating hard #Brexit under WTO Rules. UK has WTO rights at as members of the #EU. If we get a hard brexit #UK need to reapply to #WTO - #WTO rules dont apply by default as many pro #Brexit lobby keep suggesting. No automatic right to use #WTO rules
Ah, but that was then and this is now!
UK PM May: A general election is simply not in the interest of our nation #UnitedKingdom #Brexit #Politics
I like many of his policies, to be honest. Especially after seeing people suffer through a decade of austerity. But that he thinks he can implement them even if Brexit goes ahead just goes to show that he doesn't actually have the nous to implement what he spouts.
"Lower than vermin" as someone quite significant once said. #GTTO
'It's a shambles': the view from the country on Brexit now
Do hen Brexit first came up I didn't think about it properly, I just though red tape and anti British moves by EU. When people said it was racially motivated I said no have more faith. But the far right have humiliated the country. Undermined the whole process. #bannon
One small fly in the ointment. . .... Jeremy Corbyn wants a Brexit?
Theresa May says election 'would bring chaos when we need certainty'
Absolute Monarchy would be a decent shout, bet the Queen is hard Brexit
Shambolic: Brexit bombs in Parliament, May gov’t teeters
A real brexit is no deal a clean break from the unelected corrupt eu
After Defeat on Brexit Plan, Theresa May Faces No-Confidence Vote #European
The DUP haven't supported any of the terms of the deal up to this point and yet will say they have confidence in the Government this evening? Makes so much sense. The sooner they are stripped of any influence, the better! #Brexit
#Brexit France aren't doing much better with idiotic Macron in power.
I would have voted for a soft Brexit, but once the far right made Brexit their domain, I have to be opposed to it
For god sake I just gave a quick comment to Jeremy and I load up twitter today to see all you arguing and insulting each other.. look what brexit has done to our marvellous country. I want a second vote so remainers and leavers can vote after actually hearing and seeing the facts
Remarkable. Had a difficult day at the coal face plus Brexit read this and laughed out loud numerous times whilst marvelling at superb insight.
UK on Edge of Chaos With Brexit Vote Unj ees tere ni Royals involved with Britsh Cur ra enscy it cand happe,
Anyone else starting to feel like is gaslighting the nation? Since when did 17,410,742 voters become 'the people'? #PMQs #Brexit
2)They will not take to streets if Parliament ignores them, but if an Orban type character comes along promising what they believe is rightly theirs i.e. Brexit, they will vote for him/her in their millions and thus a new &amp; undoubtedly hard right party comes into UK politics
Theresa May's Brexit deal has been defeated. Now, to stop a No Deal Brexit, we need more time. I’ve signed the emergency petition calling for Article 50 to be extended or withdrawn. You can sign it, and sign up to hear more from , here:
BCC responds to result of meaningful vote #Brexit #GlobalTrade #ChamberInt
You don't just walk off the stage, even though you've threatened may times to do so, when your job comes with a big, fat salary enhancement
It’s called pride. Of course he has to say this. Never admit you are wrong for the Eton supermen!
I have read this twice. It seems to be saying that no agreement is possible in parliament, certainly no consensus and not even a majority in favour of anything. That means leaving on 29 Mar with no deal or have I misunderstood? That is likely since I am struggling to follow.
UK chancellor phillip Hammond is holding UK Hostage, he's been telling business we aren't leaving, these businesses are now panicking because not ready for brexit. Hammond refuses to release any money to help, what's he upto. Hammond will cause a recession to get his way.
Funny #BREXIT tweets
Theresa May Brexit plan B REVEALED! (Exclusive)
Oh yes, he would know all about losers wouldn't he - NOT.
Despite #economic uncertainty marketers plan to increase hiring levels in next 3 months. #Marketing #Advertising #recruitment #agencylife #Brexit
Sitting on the fence then
I regret labour choosing the wrong Miliband brother. That ensured Cameron won in 2015 intent on brexitising us.
Corbyn has said Brexit will happen under Labour. Does that not contradict the 'options open policy'?
Sack Hammond.
Well i blame Maybot for most things wrong with our goverment but this whole brexit mess is down to each and every one in the tory party ps lets not forget UKIP and rubbish they come outwith
#UK: ‘It’s just not good enough’: what the people of York think of Brexit
There is no unified brexit we voted for as people voted for different things. A major issue was the promise of remaining in the single market and the "easiest deal ever". A no deal brexit invalidates everyone that voted for that. Just a a deal brexit does for the full cut votes
Despite the crushing defeat of May's #Brexit deal last night it was business as usual at Scottish Qs. Mundell still isn't willing to change tack and press for staying in the Single Market and Customs Union. Seems denial all round is the new government policy. #ScotlandinEurope
Surely seeing the UK is leaving the eu then there would have to be a hard border between NI and ROI.. Biggest lot of balls this brexit is but shouldn’t this be obvious?
when will ALL of you listen to the public of the #UK
I love when my best friend slaughters my people don’t yous
One interesting thing this Brexit situation has shown is how different the UK's political system is to the continental one. The EU find it bizarre that the government cannot find a deal using compromise because it is so used to working with other parties through coalition
THE NEW REFORM CLUB: CONLAWPROF: Americans Arguing Over Brexit
Only Muse fans with a strong grasp of British politics will get this niche tweet in full #Brexit #EFTA
Prime Minister's Brexit plan defeated by 230 votes
#brexitshitshow. May’s Brexit Deal Failed. What Happens Now?
Auntyjee heard of a hard Brexit?
where we are right now i guess ..... who knows anymore
Retweet this out mate, let's try forcing the issue.
Most of the necessary mini-deals are already there in embryo in the May deal. Still, they will need to be negotiated and May must appoint a genuine Brexit Sec to do this - she's a busted flush and can't lead future negotiations.
You have the absolute gall to shrilly cast up the supposed antisemitism of Corbyn and Labour when #racism is rampant in your own party. We wouldn’t be in the #Brexit shit if it weren’t for xenophobia, would we?
#Brexit = All Brits are under a huge fan=the EU membership,blowing vertically up. #Brexteers produces nonsense which like smelling fecal matter floats over due to the generated pressure. #Brexit will be turning off the fan, so everything will fall,all Brits will be dirty&amp;smelly.
You resisted crediting Labour's 2017 comeback as the reason May has failed to get her Brexit through. This is a matter of record
May’s defeat reveals the brutal reality of Brexit – let's revoke Article 50 and take time to decide our next step | The Independent
Right back at you, Jeremy Corbyn. Even your own party is not united under one goal. Even if you win the confidence vote, I'm not convinced that you could deliver a better Brexit plan.
This country is no longer “Great” or “United” !! #Brexit #JC4PM2019
This is superb.
How did your MP vote last night? Check out our interactive map here: #brexit #MeaningfulVote #uk #eu
FULL STORY: Nicola Sturgeon says details of #indyref2 timetable to come in a "matter of weeks"
Don’t let all this #brexit drama distract you from what really matters: proposed tweaks to the planning system to allow people to add extra stories to buildings. Read our musings here: #ukhousing
Brexit is a worry, but Corbyn &amp; Abbott in No 10 scares me to the core.
You know what? I voted remain thinking we had choice. Was disappointed with result but accept it. But it’s clear our elected leaders don’t accept any flavour of Brexit and are bullying country into staying. I don’t like bullies so, if I get another vote, I’ll vote leave.
Funny #BREXIT tweets
Corbyn: "Last week they lost a vote on the Finance bill, that's supply. Yesterday they lost by the biggest margin ever, that's what's confidence. They do the right thing and resign." Live updates as Parliament debates the motion of no confidence:
Of course he thinks that. He does not care about the best interests of the British people. #Brexit will have to be shoved down his throat sideways.
Has anyone else noticed that its only middle class twats who want a peoples vote We voted already and Britain told the eu to swivel Now we need to get rid of all the politicians who are sucking up to the eu and maybe just maybe democracy wont die after all #Brexit
Really? Really? This is decorous and appropriate behaviour from an elected Member of Parliament in the midst of a massive governmental and parliamentary criss? How about cleaving to those that seek to avoid the Brexit self-immolation that will impact your constituents.
In this interview France’s Europe minister suggests the British are ignorant about the #EU. Then she wrongly claims the Single Market was Tony Blair’s idea. It wasn’t. It was in fact Francis Cockfield's – a Thatcherite Conservative who created it in early 1990s.
Really wish I'd bought a pair of Blayre boots years ago. I have the world's worst circulation and my feet are finally toasty. It's a ray of sunshine on an otherwise bleak #Brexit day.
No we're not. No-one makes you pay for a TV licence.
By allowing Great Britain to go it alone during Brexit negotiations &amp; setting the stage for an ugly exit. American Diplomacy abroad has already taken a nasty credibility hit!
Your data for this is where? When polled against a no deal Brexit (increasingly likely) most favor remain.
We don't want to protect jobs at all costs such as sovereignty.
No idea whats going on with #Brexitdeal but just want this useless prime minister out! #brexit
#Brexit = All Brits are under a huge fan=the EU membership,blowing vertically up. #Brexteers produces nonsense which like smelling fecal matter floats over due to the generated pressure. #Brexit will be turning off the fan, so everything will fall,all Brits will be dirty&amp;smelly.
If this crucial point is widely understood it will motivate Brexiteers to become more demanding for a no deal exodus.
Interesting - is this congestion trend going to start increasing at the Tunnel and at the Channel ports, notably Dover? Could become hell in the days and weeks just before Brexit day.
May has proven she couldn't negotiate her way out of a paper bag! #PMQs #HostileEnvironment #Brexit
After seeing hundreds of our sheep die during #FootandMouth this is even more scary . #Brexit
This can hardly be a surprise for Marketers. #brexit has caused so much uncertainty and doubts that investments are being postponed or cancelled.
j'adore le premier comment: "They predicted Brexit over 40 yrs ago!" :-)
The diminutive Mark Francois intervenes and says he and the PM haven’t seen “eye to eye” on Brexit. A Tory wag shouts from behind “because she’s taller than you”
3) With such numbers, they could well become king maker with Brexit as a red line in any coalition discussions. But along with Brexit will come other less than liberal red lines that none of my friends would see as a problem.
“Demand for data scientists is off the charts, and it will take time for Government funding to filter through the education system to create that supply” shares business leaders' frustration regarding skills and data fears #BrexitVote #DataScientists
Well they can’t be against Brexit and support a party that intends on delivering Brexit despite EU saying constantly the negotiations will not be reopened! Seems you’re saying here it should’ve been #forthepeoplewhoagreewithus
Correct
Parliament is stuck. They cannot agree a deal, I don’t believe they will back no deal Brexit and there’s no other alternatives. It’s a bloody mess
RIP Brexit.
Pls explain: 1/Why wouldn't PM resign? Clearly, she's unable of securing a consenus around her vision of #brexit.
That remains to be seen, brexit hasn't actually happened yet so none of those things have came to fruition
We are being blinded by our obsession with Brexit via
All you needed to say was ‘this is the time to come together as a country. We will work with Mrs May to see if together we can solve this crisis.’ But instead you go for a power grab, when in reality you would do no better with this #brexit disaster.
Have you guys got a brexit policy? No offence, but things are getting desperate, so people might be prepared to take a chance...
BREXIT: How did Oxfordshire's MPs vote last night? - we should be asking our MPs what next? #PeoplesVote
"...Had Theresa May any honour, she would simply resign after her major political objective was rebuffed so dramatically by the legislature. But honour appears to be entirely out of fashion, so I shall not refer to it again today."
#unitedkingdom #england #brexit #brexitvote #brexitdebate #europe 2 years ago, british voters have decided to leave europe. british PM #theresamay has been trying hard to make a deal with europe. UK parliament rejected the deal. now the only way out is : no deal and hard brexit.
A no-brexit deal
The Brits are basking in the aroma of their massive Brexit brain fart just as the U.S. is gagging over the Trumpist brain methane release.
The question you all need to ask Theresa May is if she is saying the only way to avoid a no deal Brexit is a change of government because she won’t have a second referendum, won’t rule out no deal and has no deal which can be implemented.
Americans. Learn about Brexit.
Is it possible to want Brexit and a Labour Government. Leaving the EU is technically a lot better for Britain. And Labour is the best party.
Of course the MPs would hit DuPont Circle going the wrong way... and the House and Senate would never make it to Parliment on their own. Preproduction must include personal Ubers for all...
they have access to the single market by being part of the European economic area. Experts have argued that this would be the best Brexit deal for Britain as an hard Brexit would affect its position as a financial hub if it decides to leave the single maket
Substitute Brexit for Trump. Astonishing! Well done, Putin!
I tried to sum it up like this:
NHS Healthcare: Brexit will decimate it.
I was annoyed as anyone by that foolish oversight, but missing one vote hardly compares to actively propping up the government's Brexit policy throughout (e.g. voting for Article 50, abstaining on other key votes, peddling same myths that Tories do).
Right now parliament is in deadlock... Dermot O'Leary has asked May and Corbyn to sing their backup songs and hope the judges save them. Rumour has it May starts with "I will survive" and Corbyn is singing "the international...The Billy Bragg version" gosh it's tense #Brexit
Good to know....I'm culling my older non-fiction and looking for newer things. How's that Brexit vote eh? Riots soon?
And the loony Left leader should leave loony Right Theresa May with the shitty stick. #wato
British PM Suffers Historic Defeat As Brexit Crisis Deepens
High spirits in the Commons during the confidence vote. Brexit-backing Tory Mark Francois says he will back the PM even if they don't see eye to eye on leaving the EU. Colleague shouts, 'she's taller than you'
Meaningless.
's book, "Brexit: A short guide" (though it doesn't include recent events)
#Brexit This chart shows what probably happens next - MarketWatch
In need of a helping hand #charityjobs #helpinghand #HelpFromFriends #Brexit
#UK Pro #brexit #ERG says it will back May in the confidence vote ( a rpt of yesterday)
Brexit's starting to remind me of soaps like Coronation Street and Emerdale. The plot is blurred and nobody knows what's going on so we'll just have as many fights and disagreements as possible to keep people entertained
#NoConfidenceMotion seeing the laughing and braying at every remark the opposition makes. They laugh at last night Brexit loss, they drank champagne. They play with peoples lives. They vote for poverty. They vote for privatisation. They vote for cuts to kill
alas JC &amp; his looney-left cabal (which imho have made unelectable) are the secret weapon. Brexit issue has damaged conservatives more than austerity issue. without the Brexit issue the conservatives would be even more ahead in the polls.
This govt finds billions to bomb Syria, pay off the DUP and prepare for No Brexit. But in these scenarios there is no corresponding true investment that produces jobs and taxation. Labour would reverse these policies, invest in infrastructure, renationalise and thus create jobs.
Leave withou deal ! You are our heros..from Italy: #Brexit
Still trying not to answer it. If we get a G/E we need someone to stand against both Labour and Tory candidates as clear leavers to keep them honest.
If you were the prime minister you would say that wouldn’t you.
Pete Wishart SNP... "Just go!" #motionofnoconfidence #Brexit
Mike Russell says "chaos and uncertainty" over Brexit at Westminster is an opportunity to "persuade the country of a brighter, better alternative". Says he would campaign "passionately and proudly" in a new referendum, and calls on other Remain-backing Holyrood parties to do same
The extraordinary Malala Yousafzai. Her new book We Are Displaced. Incredible inspirational stories of refugees, including Malala's unique wisdom, power, humility, goodness. #RefugeesWelcome #SuicidePrevention #livedexperience #compassion #Brexit
So a General Election should come before finding the best Brexit deal? Typical power grabbing opportunists who haven't actually an alternative plan.
A humiliating Brexit defeat, but May will likely stagger on
URGENT ATTENTION OF ALL MEMBERS OF PARLIAMENT - REVOKING OR EXTENDING 'ARTICLE 50' NOT REQUIRED. IT IS ALREADY UNLAWFUL:
I’m trying to understand why so many MPs want to remain in #EU maybe this is part of the answer?#Brexit #brexitdebate #BrexitChaos
So, this just dropped through my letterbox. #wetherspoons #brexit #eudebate #dealornodeal #brexitcircus
Labour drafts in help to decide on its Brexit policy...
Well, this is the hour of waiting for Corbyns #VoteofConfidence to fail and a reasonable #Brexit policy to emerge. #PeoplesVote
so i got KH2 playthough in the left window, my code in the middle and twitter (which is all about brexit) on the right it like an anxiety gradient!
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
Goldman Sachs sees greater chance of Brexit being scrapped altogether after historic defeat
May isn't budging at all. Where do she think this can end up, apart from a No-Deal Brexit, if she can't even ENTERTAIN the idea of a People's Vote? The sheer arrogance is blinding. 230 votes she lost by. Yet still unwilling to listen to anyone else. Shocking #PMQs #Brexit
Twat!
Petition: Brexit re article 50 it must not be suspended/stopped under any circumstances
How it feels following the state of politics in this country at the moment. It’s honestly a complete embarrassment and makes me wish there was a reset button for the whole of parliament. #Brexit
best way to get The Gays to care about Brexit is to point out to them that without the EU we probs wouldn't have Cascada
See what you did there was mix up the linear concept of time, putting indyref AFTER EU ref. That is the opposite of factual. Because it suggests Scotland voted to remain in EU AFTER Brexit vote, which is, of course, a LIE! Things change. Time moves on. Scotland voted for indy...
Keep this in MIND Brexit is being sabotaged by the greedy self-serving LEAVE politicians who still argue amongst themselves NO DEAL or WTO
Same thing he talks about EVERY day Chris, trying to stop Brexit. Yawn...… #OBORE #OBINGO
Brexit means brexit
Corbyn's response to the Tory BREXIT shambles
Tories, it’s all just a big joke! Poverty Austerity Brexit Parliament etc Bunch of drunken monkeys!
Six Stories You Missed While Britain Obsessed Over The Crunch Brexit Vote -
May loses Brexit vote – what happens next?
via : Shambolic: Brexit bombs in Parliament, May gov’t teeters
Brexit is the root of all that is good in the world.
retweeting this one because it's the only poll I've seen which isn't 95 to 5 in favour of a #PeoplesVote (and I suspect that Twitter polls are generally going to be unbalanced.)
UK: markets muted on May Brexit defeat, but angst over path ahead
No-Deal Brexit Would Be Really Bad For Scotch Whisky
Europe markets calm after Brexit deal defeat, leaders urge Britain to find way forward
May fights new confidence vote amid Brexit bedlam
My point was more to do with Labour voters / MPs -&gt; wide range of opinion from lexit to norway to brexit to PV Agree that members overwhelmingly want PV, but they also broadly in favour of sequential compromise... as long as it does get there in the end (and not too late)
EU ready to discuss new Brexit deal if UK changes 'red lines'
Yeah yeah yeah - you have just lost you own people, Macron
Why would anyone want to be ruled by unelected tyrants in Brussels? You have no control over your life. BREXIT must happen.
Very meaningful, get on with #Brexit
#Brexit deal number 2 .... 1. The EU gets #LarryTheCat 2. The UK keeps the 39 billion quid 3. The #Lannisters get Ireland #GoT #Tories
What's good for the goose but not the gander Khan style
Of course it should be scrapped! Why is this even a debate?!The Brexit vote isn’t legally binding, I can’t believe this insanity has gotten this far!
'They think the prospect of no-deal has diminished': Bank of England governor Mark Carney says markets believe May's Commons trouncing paved the way for Brexit to be softened or cancelled
Let's go back to ashes, just because we can! No deal means 2.5 million people more unemployed, businesses bankrupt, the economy shrinking by 6 to 8%. That is why no one wants no deal.
It's hard to believe that someone who campaigned to remain, resigned as soon as the result came through then gave speeches on Wall St on the benefits of Brexit for which he was paid £125,000 an hour ever really believed in remaining. We've been played from day 1.
Wow..! Who'd of thought someone being able to predict the out come of Brexit from a remain parliament! Perhaps he can tell us all how the EU will evolve over the next few years?
Brexit, Trump, more Brexit and Yellow Vests via
#Brexit Hits Another Bump insights from with our #LPLChartOfTheDay
Fool us once, maybe. Fool us again? Only politicians can be that stupid.
Wonder does May regret the 'major concession' she extracted from EU - extension of backstop to GB. With risk of no Brexit at all or facing down the confected 'precious union' hyperbole, I think she could have engineered WA through at 2nd/3rd attempt
Theresa May is one of the most modern examples of a leader not meeting the demands of a historic crisis After Defeat on Brexit Plan, Theresa May Faces No-Confidence Vote
Lets have a referendum on whether we want a Brexit referendum
There is no less legal activity than in these crucial areas which are being entirely ignored by those who continue to fight 'amongst themselves'; round and round in circles they continue with cloth bags over their heads. The #waste is sinful. #BRexit #UK #WorldNews #EU
One positive of this whole #Brexit malarky is the resurgence of so many "fail" videos that I forgot existed...
UK PM May: A general election is simply not in the interest of our nation #UnitedKingdom #Brexit #Politics
That’s Putin’s plan. I’m sure he’s pissed about Brexit, but he has a stooge in the WH who is in awe of Putin and dictatorship
Just like the Suez crisis, Brexit humiliation is a stark reminder of Britain’s waning global influence
Brexit was the most stupid thing the British people have done for years.we should have battled from the inside.
Any #twitterstorians who can name the last time a UK PM lost not one, but two major votes by vast margins and refused to dissolve their government? I minored in history with a focus on Europe/Russia, and I can't think of one. #Brexit
You come across as more an East European or Russian bot than an American. Brexit is robbing us of our pride and we are and have always been an independent nation, thus Brexit!
One glance at the passion there still is for Scottish Independence is an indicator of how divided the people will still be years after the Brexit debacle, no matter the outcome.
Another Government delaying scam by May's remain Ministers to defy the very people who put them where they are! 2 1/2 years has been adequate time to sort brexit &amp; ellay business uncertainty. Don't expect the voters support at the next election. Your deceit will be remembered!
We certainly need radical action now to stop this unfolding disaster. May cannot be allowed to drag us into the Brexit abyss any longer. Parliament must take back full control from this deluded dictator
When your mate who's low-key right wing as fuck calls you asking for your support with his no deal Brexit campaign thing
BREXIT: UK PM MAY SAYS CONFIDENT GOVERNMENT WILL RETAIN CONFIDENCE OF PARLIAMENT
I mean, do you support Brexit?
How should this Brexit crisis be fixed? Our writers’ verdicts | Matthew d’Ancona and others
It was the year of Brexit The year of destruction The year we took back control It was the year of rebirth The year of great sadness The year of pain And a year of joy It was a new age It was the end of history It was the year everything changed. The year is 2019 The place the UK
Reading a thread on brexit. Why does everyone take so much pride in negotiating? *I do it*But what is that. What’s wrong with fair?Knowing the value &amp; appreciation for just that. There is intrinsic worth. It’s enough. #ionlypaidx
Brexit is the hot topic of the hour. Interesting times lie ahead for the British housing market. Interesting times lie ahead #BrexitDebate
Can you like Brexit related posts on your personal profile? I'm a remainer but I'm pretty sick of seeing Brexit stuff related to your page when it's meant to be about cycling.
BBC News - Brexit vote: European 'surprise' at scale of defeat Why? maybe they have been mislead by the media!
He means move the red lines to no brexit !
PM rules out a second REFERENDUM .....HARD BREXIT IN SIGHT IF SHE WINS THE MOTION OF NO CONFIDENCE AND NO DEAL FOUND WITH EU!!!!
Girl's on Fire! #SwitchBackOnZW #ShutdownZimbabwe #wednesdaythoughts #Brexit #Zimbabwe
Nothing to add to the #brexit debate apart from a nod to the army of civil servants and public sector workers who are quietly running the country during this shambles.
Labour could have helped the Tories to agree on objectives for negotiation with EU OR they could have opposed #Brexit altogether. Letting the Government trash the reputation of UK and imperelling the country to get power is reckless and irresponsible.
Surprisingly witty front page from the Sun. #RevokeTheresaMay
I'm not sure Mrs May does 'reaching out'. That's been the problem for the past two years. MPs will clearly now have to take charge of Brexit and probably end up referring the whole mess back to the people.
I'm bored of brexit let's talk about some thing else lol #brexitdebate #brexit #brexitdeal #BrexitVote
"The world has become dystopian in such a short space of time"
With an increased risk of a no-deal Brexit after the government's Parliamentary defeat, industry veteran Keith Harris takes us back to the bad old days of carnets and border checks #Brexit
She has a track record of being wrong. Triggered 50 too early. No deal is better than.., brexit means brexit but no definition supplied. Guided by God she intimated though God is not author of confusion but of truth. Yesterday was definitely confusion and chaos ruling
Labour MPs declare support for second Brexit referendum
People stop giving a fcuk that’s what happens because brexit has become boring as hell and people are sick of hearing about it - the sooner this is all finished the better
But did get a higher billing than Brexit which is pretty impressive! Albeit #FakeNews
The brilliant . nails . on #Labour position on #Brexit: "For our viewers, How can you be credibly saying to our viewers there must be a general election and on the biggest issue of our day, not say exactly what you would do?" . #politicslive
Travesty .... deliberately held in a Committee Room when the debate was in the #HoC .......kept very low key ....... #democracyisdead
#NoDealBrexit Farming Today - Food and farming reactions to the Brexit withdrawal agreement vote -
'Catastrophic Defeat': UK Parliament rejects Theresa May's Brexit deal via
No. The EU Referendum was lost because FibDems campaigned FOR it in their 2015 manifesto but weren’t actually prepared to fight for Remain in 2016. They now hide behind #FBPE complaining about those who did the leg work.
Brexit means anyway hope for Europe.
I like to agree with you but im loosing faith brexit will ever be delivered, precisely because of the reasons you state.
Watching the #NoConfidence debate in Westminster, is like watching school children bickering. I can't stand Theresa May, but the thought of PM Corbyn (who is also pro-Brexit) doesn't inspire any more confidence.
May claiming a #GE is not in national interest, but apparently Brexit is!! SNP: For heaven's sake just go! Tories: The nation doesn't need a left wing Govt that actually taxes the rich - let the many eat cake!!! Pompous Tories having a party - claiming they are 100% behind her!
But that's not the case it's now no deal and brexit with out a deal.
What Brexit really means: A proud country, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, a former Empire, is turned by lies, populism and political stupidity into little England. It's such a shame.
This looks super interesting. Many thanks and Serafina!
Don't forget about the #SDP we can do the same. #brexit
Goldman Sachs: Brexit Deal Defeat Makes 'Softer' Exit More Likely: #Brexit #Brexit
That’s awesome Blackadder does Brexit, i’d pay to see that! If Rik Mayall was still with us he would pop as the Flash &amp; stick Brexit to Teresa May over the dispatch box lol......
It’s now time for MPs to quickly reach out across political divides to break the deadlock in Parliament. If the Government survives today and then we should give the public the final say on the Brexit deal with a . #peoplesvote #brexit
Leftists still backing Brexit at this point are no better than the Tories they claim to have nothing in common with. They are willingly threatening the rights, freedoms and jobs of British workers in order to fulfil their ideological fantasties. A plague on both their houses.
URGENT ATTENTION OF ALL MEMBERS OF PARLIAMENT - REVOKING OR EXTENDING 'ARTICLE 50' NOT REQUIRED. IT IS ALREADY UNLAWFUL:
Fabulous. Does that mean I can move there now? Got to be better than Brexit Britain.
House of Commons Leader Says UK Needs 'Further Commitments' on Brexit From EU
This may be scare tactics, but there will be terrible consequences of leaving the EU, especially if our growers are in the EU. We will not have the great variety of food we do now.
Brexit is an entirely emotional issue now. Facts have become irrelevant. My generation are used to abundance and and no deal would mean an immediate end to that. People with hungry tummies might be a bit more cautious with hindsight.
cross between a weasel and a scarecrow while May’s a cross between a weasel and Tin Man
Why can’t MPs see this too? We need to pause #Brexit until we’ve had a public inquiry to find out the extent of external interference in the 2016 referendum.
Kind of feel there's an elephant in the room with this piece...
British newspapers are stockpiling ink and newsprint in the event of a disruptive Brexit via
A little light relief from Brexit #InnovativeHaggisFarmer
UK: markets muted on May Brexit defeat, but angst over path ahead
Witnessed yesterday! The two sides were each separately passionate but respectful yesterday outside parliament when I visited with some colleagues during our lunchhour. (Ignoring the dangerous flag burning event later.)
of course he doesn't! he ran a half hearted campaign to remain and turned tail and ran as soon as he could! Worst Pm in the last 60 years #BrexitNews #BrexitVote #Brexit David Cameron: I don't regret calling referendum
#Macron looks shell shocked in the picture obviously from hiding and running away from the yellow vest movement in France
Europe markets calm after Brexit deal defeat, leaders urge Britain to find way forward
That's the idea!
I doubt the grand coalition (unconstrained by party leaders) would be able to resist CU and SM as a minimum. It suits both party leaders to get BREXIT done and blame the MPs. I cant help but feel that Conservatives would get hit harder over it though.
May fights new confidence vote amid Brexit bedlam
Subscribe Here to get a few chapters for FREE from the book Please #RT #gold #silver #stocks #trading #trades #markets #Investing #today #rich #education #hope #dreams #Giveaway #free #positivity #focus #goals #life #money #success #fun #levelup #brexit
The latest El Tweetero! Thanks to #brexit #reinounido
Hyperbolic nonsense. Germany was mildly negative Q3 and is expected to be mildly positive Q4 but comfortably positive over the whole year. The problem is external with China, US and #Brexit among the problems affecting global economies - ours included. #PeoplesVote
“We fought a world war” yeah that was great times m8 party central
A Short History of Brexit by Kevin O’Rourke review – a devastating account
#PMQs May says there will be discussions across the house re Brexit - SHE CONSULTED THE HOUSE AND LOST #nomandatemay
Hey Dudes whats going on - Must not get involved in brexit goings on today - keep head down lol #1pmChat
The unbelievable gall. #Brexit
Putin is a boa constrictor that gradually squeezes its prey to death.
EU ready to discuss new Brexit deal if UK changes 'red lines'
I put my mortgage on 'brexit sorted by 5pm tonight'.
I've read all your posts Chelly, and I agree with you fully
High spirits in the Commons during the confidence vote. Brexit-backing Tory Mark Francois says he will back the PM even if they don't see eye to eye on leaving the EU. Colleague shouts, 'that's because she's taller than you'
#lbc can remainers stop saying we can leave but still have lots of benefits or be half in .. it isn't going to happen so just be honest and push to stop brexit
Accurate question in this #Brexit chaos.
#Corbyn calls for election May faces no confidence vote following #Brexit deal defeat LIVE NOW:
#Dublin - From those : #Ireland's deputy #PrimeMinister is caught on tape secretly admitting there WILL be a hard #border in the event of a #NoDealBrexit - but says they can't tell anyone
You're missing the point completely . This is just the kind of advice we need... but i'm fully expecting those with their heads in the Brexit sandpit to start screaming that this is Project Fear. It's called humour. So if you don't mind I'll not 'get lost' just yet?
Researching ahead of tonight I uncovered an obscure procedural question: If sitting government loses FTPA #ConfidenceVote the 14-day clock starts. Should potential government be formed by MPs who used to be in Opposition, at what point do they physically switch benches? #Brexit
'PMQs showed pig-headed Theresa May's Brexit Plan B is Plan A in a cheap wig'
“A democracy that cannot change its mind is not a democracy.” - nails it. #PeoplesVote
This pervert communist #Corbyn is actually forcing UK into hard brexit, he knows well that EU comrades won't make any further concessions.
Remarkable for the PM to talk about the risk of delays. The PM has spent the last two years delaying. She called a General Election (and delayed the first months of negotiations), She lost two Brexit Secretaries, and she delayed a vote she'd knew she'd lose last month.
Because the 'Leave' campaign broke electoral law, because the 'Leave' campaign was based on lies, because the 'Leave' campaign has not managed, in two years, to come up with a workable trade agreement, because the current prospect is of a no-deal Brexit and economic catastrophe.
#BREXIT: UK PM MAY SAYS NO GUARANTEE ELECTION WOULD DELIVER A PARLIAMENTARY MAJORITY FOR ANY COURSE OF ACTION
#NoConfidenceMotion PM says GE not in the country's interests. It wasn't in 2017 but she still called one. Reason? Using Brexit to increase her majority. With judgement so seriously flawed, she should've quit some time ago. Seems like intent is to hang on to do more damage.
In the 2016 #Brexit referendum, 16,141,241 voters voted for Remain, and 17,410,742 voters voted for 17,410,742 different fantasy versions of Leave, with each option receiving 1 vote. Such was the vagueness of the alternative to Remain that David Cameron put to the electorate.
A good oposition leader would have let another opposition party make the call, especially as Corbyn is opposing his own MPs on Brexit. The people don't want it, business don't want it and most MPs don't want it.
#Brexit You're in a prison. The EU will make sure that you won't get out.
#Brexit or no Brexit – one thing is for sure; financial crime is on the rise, especially in the UK. So be set for more #regulations. #regtech #WednesdayWisdom
If A50 is extended will UK Citizens be able to vote in #EUelections2019? This morning's #BrexiteVote in 32.00 - 65.00m covers ECR EFDD, Left, ENF &amp; Greens Free Alliance Group. It shows how diff UK MEPs connect to diff EUParliament Groups #thistimeimvoting
Well then maybe they should have thought about this before trying to bully us into something we didn't want and one more thing nobody DEMANDS anything of our country!
very appropriate #paintings of the day! #Brexit showing in #Ruleslffreedom and Carla Busuttil piece #hiyellowvis #politics #freedoms #rulebreakers and #rulemakers see the online catalogue here until 27 March
After the historic defeat of Theresa May’s Brexit deal in Parliament + the no-confidence vote called for by the Labour Party leader Jeremy Corbyn, no one has a Brexit plan “that is not highly reliant on wishful thinking or outright fantasy.” Well done.
With the news last night that #TheresaMay's offer to her fellow #MPs fell flatfooted - what now for her and the #Brexit talks via
BREXIT: UK PM MAY SAYS WHEN GOVERNMENT WINS CONFIDENCE VOTE, WILL SET OUT NEXT STEPS ON BREXIT CONSULTATION
Only a General election can extend Article 50!!
Welcome to the Westminster apocalypse. Have you thought about theocracy instead? | Marina Hyde… #Brexit #ClickBait
Theresa May's Brexit deal - Only Fools and Horses version via pmsl :)
Tame question. Actually if the PM (and you) had the courage to admit that brexit could never deliver the wild expectations promised in the referendum, and that the public have been misled for the last two years, you would recover some of the respect you have lost.
Funny #BREXIT tweets
#PMQs verdict: Corbyn exposes May's empty offer of cross-party #Brexit talks: Labour leader… #Brexit #ClickBait
Brexit's starting to remind me of soaps like Coronation Street and Emmerdale. The plot is blurred and nobody knows what's going on so we'll just have as many fights and disagreements as possible to keep people entertained
And the Lib Dems who back a People's Vote and to stop Brexit? Why are they not calling for prosecution? What skin do they have in the game?
For me Labour should continue to push compromise of super-soft Brexit while working with Boles, Grieve et al. who are pressing for A50 postponement or revocation. Conference call with Hammond last night apparently points in this direction.
(These 2 sentences are unrelated by the way, I ain’t no idiot) Nobody backs May’s deal, realistically, we’ve seen that, but she’ll keep going. And so much of the British public are blinded by xenophobia (and just generally clueless) they’ll just blindly shout bRExIt mEanS bReXit
Yes there is a toxic Tory narrative emerging that the catastrophe in our public services is conflated with Brexit and not policy to dismantle the Welfare State. This article by an economist contains the spin (deliberately or accidentally I'm not sure)
Theresa May has one last throw of the Brexit dice via
Watching Live debate on TV. I think the way some of the MPs talk to each other is an utter disgrace. You wouldn’t get away with it in the private sector. I hate the jeering so unprofessional #politics #brexit
#CAGEurope UPDATE 2-BofA beats profit estimates on higher interest income, loan growth #ReutersCES #EU #BusinessNews #Finance #Brexit
Tory James Cleverly but thick, entirely unable to explain Theresa May's Brexit plan B - Mirror Online - #politicslive #bbcqt
SEEMA MALHOTRA JUST MADE AN EXCELLENT INTERVENTION POINTING OUT WE LOST 30 SEATS AT LAST ELECTION ON BREXIT, WE LOST LAST NIGHT BY TWO THIRDS. IT IS TIME TO GIVE UP IN THE INTERESTS OF THIS COUNTRY. OH HA HA, SHE HAS JUST ASKED THE HONOURABLE GENT TO LISTEN TO WHAT SHE SAID!!!
May doesn’t want to leave. She doesn’t want to give a second referendum. She doesn’t have a deal. So only thing she is willing to deliver is a disastrous crash out of EU. However, will these 650 MPs still let her lead The Great Britannia? #PeoplesVote #Brexit #MindBlown
He tweets about brexit, Soros and Mexican immigrants... Probably in st. Petersburg.
Compared to Brexit I am not sure which is most insane
May’s Brexit Deal Failed. What Happens Now?
How can there be Nother referendum? Best 2 out of 3? 3 of 5? Keep going until the remain vote wins? Another referendum means democracy is dead.
If Theresa May keeps on saying that the Brexit is what the British people want. Then why doesn't she ask the British people to vote for - 1. No deal Brexit 2. Brexit with a deal 3. Britain to remain
George, Brexit and Trump are the two sides of the same coin. We need a Mueller style investigation and stop the corrupt, Putin’s puppets politicians holding decent people hostage.
Oh very well said
Hervorragend !
URGENT ATTENTION OF ALL MEMBERS OF PARLIAMENT - REVOKING OR EXTENDING 'ARTICLE 50' NOT REQUIRED. IT IS ALREADY UNLAWFUL:
If Brexit Ultras "really believe that the majority of voters support this burn-it-all-down #Brexit, let’s put it to the test. Let’s have another #referendum and ask the electorate." - Agreed. Either back the WA or ask the people. There is no mandate for #NoDeal.
#Macron is a monster, a puppet of the corporate oligarchy and whilst I disagree with Brexit, I disagree with his leadership almost as much as I do of Theresa May's...
Dear God!
I saw this on The Sun app and thought you’d enjoy it Police arrest far-right protester outside Parliament in run-up to Brexit vote
Prime Minister Theresa May's Brexit deal has been rejected by 230 votes - the largest defeat for a sitting government in history. It's implications on the #insurance industry in the days ahead we shall all analyze. #AXA #reinsuranc…
Brexit vote: What just happened and what comes next?
Goldman Sachs sees greater chance of Brexit being canceled
Doesn't matter what happens there will be riots wether we leave or stay in the EU! It has just woken people up to how incompetent politicians are! It would be different if mps where paid on performance and was illegal for them to say they will do something to then NOT!
The latest Burton Small Biz News! Thanks to #emailmarketing #brexit
Why did the pound gain after May's Brexit defeat? - BBC News Because the deal was shit. Sensible heads know that fully remaining or fully leaving on WTO are both better options than that idiotic WA
And all those people shouting at me "don't you care about X Brexit casualty? Y Brexit casualty?" Yes, I bloody do, and try to say so, but I can't stop the bad things happening to people, and I am fucking terrified.
Second Brexit referendum looks more likely than ever
After last night's cataclysmic defeat for and her #Brexit plan in the , has told the that “constitutional scholars are going to be dining out on this for years”
The only thing that makes Brexit even vaguely bearable is the latest article by Marina Hyde.
Brexit realities: Direct costs (registers, licenses, duplication); moving to the EU, loss of sales;bypassing UK; UK plans cancelled; staff visa costs. Stockpiling. Loss of regulator, investment. Many unanswered questions; .eu websites #ProjectReality
Only around 133 MPs have come out publicly for a 2nd referendum while the latest poll suggests that only 36% of voters back the idea. Support for a 2nd EURef is routinely exaggerated #WednesdayWisdom #Brexit
Hehe maybe Brexit isn’t a good idea after all x
If there is any hope of avoiding a no deal Brexit, it lies with the Labour party. |
. and have both given their reaction to yesterday's Brexit vote.
The Taoiseach Leo Varadkar has said any solution to the #Brexit impasse is up to Westminster -
#ForexInsights "...insights from market strategists, investors and analysts on what happens now, after Britain witnessed the biggest defeat for any government in modern history in the voting down of Theresa May’s #Brexit deal"
Brexit | 'Great theatre – but tragic': Europe's media reacts in horror to May defeat [ ]
The Finance 202: May's Brexit plan just collapsed. Here's what's next.
PMQs verdict: Corbyn exposes May's empty offer of cross-party Brexit talks
worst silly dress ever seen on telly in 50 yrs- Is she a clown or a comic? Dumb as fk! sorry but that’s how it looks ! Forget no Brexit -deal how about No-golden-flower (Golden shower) dress Gorgi !
We already have chaos, division and delay, you colossal pleb
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK A depressing read!
Brexit conversation at work... not getting involved.
In coming out in solidarity with the PM today, the members of the ERG show that they ultimately care about one thing even more than Brexit. Preserving their parliamentary salaries and perks. #PMQs
Your Daily Dose of Financial News by | 1.16.2019 - Today's Top Story: Netflix Price Hike #Brexit #WeWork #Netflix #SnapInc #Gillette #RewritingTheOdds
Vladimir Putin has had a pretty good last 24 hours -- with the political paralysis in the U.S. and UK
UK government braces for no-confidence vote after Brexit defeat — here's how it works.
Steve Hilton: Original intent of Brexit - restoring freedom and sovereignty - buried by inept bureaucrats
Corbyn faces mounting pressure to back a new vote on Brexit as 71 of his MPs defy Labour policy to call for a second referendum
GBP / USD pair: plan for the American session on January 16. Traders don't know what to do after Brexit fails #forex
1pm UK news: BREXIT (vote fallout, no confidence motion, EU reaction, business reaction, devolved reaction), Nairobi terror attack, Andrew Hill trial, no confidence motion, weather
#Brexit reaction: Here are market players' key takeaways on saga - from Bloomberg
Indeed
Enlighten us. What is PM May's policy on Brexit now that the deal agreed with the EU has been voted down? And please don't tell me that she is putting country before party. If she were, she would have rescinded A50 so that we don't face No Deal.
Petition: Walk away now! We voted for a No Deal Brexit
World #stocks hold nerve after May's Brexit defeat, pound steady -
Brexit: Defeat of Such Scale Would Cause PM to Resign in Normal Situation – Prof
Those few are going to exploit the many even more outside the EU and under the current government. Only way to stopping that is stopping Brexit as a GE is not going to happen. Labour do not have the number in the house.
From March, Britain’s 3.7 million EU citizens will need to begin applying for ‘settled status’ to remain in the country after #Brexit. The process will be managed by the Home Office, a department that is habitually plagued by immigration scandals.
Join us at 2pm for our live #Brexit webcast with our Head of #Brexit &amp; who are urging businesses to take action. Register here: #TimeToAct #BeyondBrexit #LeadingNI
on #Parliament's missed opportunity of the #Miller case The 'control' over #Brexit that MPs so desparately seem to want now they had a chance of gaining/consolidating a couple of years ago!
There’s sm #Brexit stuff on my timeline, but I’m still so confused.
If he comes full circle on his Brexit comments... I’ll know that the “end is near”
She has a worse memory than me, we need #GeneralElectionNow so we can end the chaos that is you #brexit #NoConfidence
The UK is an international embarrassment. A facepalm of a nation.
3 United Kingdom ETFs to Watch After Failed Brexit Deal #Analysis #investment
The triumph of ‘exit’ over ‘voice’ - on Hirschman and Brexit in
Plus, other countries will want to know how many MEPs they should elect - if we leave the allocation changes #Brexit
The latest JT News Daily! Thanks to #brexitvote #brexit
Corbyn is a very poor leader and politician..
Not invited JC to urgent Brexit talks, OMG! Children please.
Despite Brexit, Binance Shines Light On UK #Crypto Enthusiasts #blockchain #bitcoin
What will #PeopleVote achieve Torys still in power Ask your self Why are m&amp;s closing stores Why are other shops closing It has nothing to do with Brexit It is Tory and fib dem austerity People have no money We had people's vote And as a remainer I have to respect that result
Theresa May might be safe for now — but yesterday’s bruising defeat highlights the increasing likelihood of a messy Brexit.
Unfortunately Brexit has exposed the lack of integrity in politicians of all colours. Let us have a ‘none of the above’ option at next election.
#Americans may demand #Democrats removal from office and other obstructionists #RemoveRashida #Constitution #RacistRashida #WednesdayWisdom #SchumerPelosoShutDown #Emergency1066 #AllLight_with_ASTRO #Ghostbusters #blackish #Brexit #BuildTheWall #MAGA
Brexit realities: Direct costs (registers, licenses, duplication); moving to the EU, loss of sales;bypassing UK; UK plans cancelled; staff visa costs. Stockpiling. Loss of regulator, investment. Many unanswered questions; .eu websites #ProjectReality
Stick yer Brexit up yer arse #Brexit
Never mind brexit, the future of this country is already dire enough man when we've got reprobates running around naming their kids stupid shit like Gunner and Jayden ffs
PM T May is right not to talk to Corbyn&amp;his frontbenchers on Brexit because they would not help they want either 2nd referendum or a general election nowt else
#Brexit = All Brits are under a huge fan=the EU membership,blowing vertically up. #Brexteers produces nonsense which like smelling fecal matter floats over due to the generated pressure. #Brexit will be turning off the fan, so everything will fall,all Brits will be dirty&amp;smelly.
WTO terms is now the way to go. The only way to get true independence, good for business as well as people.
Anyone following #Brexit should listen to this from in Strasbourg today. It was emotional,true &amp; the harsh reality. #EP #EU #UK
As the crisis worsens, the Brexit countdown must be stopped via #tictocnews
I’d take a no deal Brexit for Norwood on a 2 year extension
{NEWS} Brexit : « Enough is enough » #Testing
#Islam #Brexit #AFD #London Such a 'Rational' Religion
Brexit deal live: Sterling climbs as markets hope for a 'softer' Brexit quoting via
Hear, hear! Good to hear of ! We were at Lamda together. Keep the (Remain) faith!
World stocks hold nerve after May’s Brexit defeat, pound steady #businessNews January 16, 2019
I don’t think I can listen to May say, the people want us to implement Brexit, one more time. Losing my mind.
I simply pointed out the common sense solution! It answers Brexit as BREXIT should be!!
Todo el Brexit a esta hora | Brexit: Theresa May's deal is voted down in historic Commons defeat - BBC News
Hmmn, I don’t agree. I think he’s playing politics right now. Whilst I have hated the way he’s behaved over Brexit, it’s when you actually listen to him during interviews, he’s absolutely on point, politically. Major problem is how divisive he is.
We had another vote in 2017 when 90% of people voted for pro-Brexit parties. I fail to see what another vote would tell us.
What no one from or any of the other groups of foaming Gammons has been able to answer is how to we keep our hard won #Sovereignty after #Brexit when signing each new trade deal will inevitably require us to give some of it up again.
Open managed fx: #clients #investors #hnwi #pensioners to #invest in our #forex #managed #accounts #cityofinvestment #uk #Brexit #Pakistan #Iran #UAE #Iraq #Qatar #Kuwait #Oman #Lebanon #Jordan #Yemen #Bahrain #Syria #SaudiArabia #Egypt #eth #btc
typically brilliant. second least surprising thing of the week is on the actual least surprising thing of the week #denselybetwatted
May’s Brexit plan suffers major defeat, putting E.U. withdrawal in doubt
It’s the only sensible solution, it obliterates Brexit, Austerity, Immigration, Welfare Sanctions, Rape Clause, Waspi by giving us control and not another country.
If they're so sure that the people still want Brexit then why not have a second referendum -: also has she forgot that she was one of the staunchest remainers in 2016?
(Please check your FB Messenger): Brexit needs you! Please sign this and retweet!
#Remain has majority support. And the Leave vote is obviously split between two options: the May deal (or another deal) (or Norway option) and a no-deal Brexit. #Remain would win handsomely when put against these other, real options.
#Geopolitics Lots of internal #Tory shennighans going on yesterday after #TheresaBrexit failed #EU #BrexitVote #political : Can #UK #Parliament take control? | The #Queen should call a #GeneralElectionNow
The EU leaders who won't give an inch are shocked that Brexit is going poorly.
What happens next? If Theresa May wins tonight's vote of no confidence, here are a few possibilities... #Brexit #eu #uk
Convinced Brexit will have happened before Higuain or Parades are signed
Piece of Brexit
Very balanced look at #sexualharassment in the workplace. Shame about timing on day of Brexit vote. Definitely worth a look on iPlayer for anyone dealing with cases at work or with young adults in their family
Meet our new feline overlords...
You know and I know that all Corbyn wants from Brexit is a general election. Just be honest. He couldn't care less about the EU. We might say that it is 2 years too late in "offering to find a way through". The "way through" is to leave on 29 March on WTO rules.
Greek MEP Stelios Koulouglou : “It has become a case study of how nationalist demagogy can destroy a country. It will be taught in universities. It is dreadful to see what is happening.” #StopBrexit #RevokeA50 or #PeoplesVote with an #OptionToRemain
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK - CNNPolitics Putin should be hung.
And she just repeated the same ad nauseum sound bites along with utterly failing to answer the questions at hand...
British banks soldier on through enduring Brexit impasse
URGENT ATTENTION OF ALL MEMBERS OF PARLIAMENT - REVOKING OR EXTENDING 'ARTICLE 50' NOT REQUIRED. IT IS ALREADY UNLAWFUL:
Does it really need courage to say that democracy has been undermined and 52% is no mandate? Or can we get facts? should report in the national interest about their findings. #Brexit is a crime. #StopBrexit
She has only contempt for anything outside of her party. Tories survival depends on a no deal Brexit with them calling the shots. Which will see the decimation of Human Right,s/Workers Protection/wages/consumer safeguards/NHS. But a tax cut/tax evasion Utopia for 1%/Tory donors
Varadkar, Coveney and rest of exposed as incompetent, lying spin-merchants by Brexit fiasco. "Nothing Done and Plenty Not to Do" sums up their last 8 yrs. Negotiate? They take their scripts from EU and charge us €mios for doing so.
That’s that sorted then.
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK - CNNPolitics
Brexit has brought us to the point where has got CLUSTERFUCK in the standfirst for her latest brilliant piece
You must have missed PMQs &amp; the speech Corbyn made yesterday just one of many that Corbyn has constantly made trying to keep these issues from being lost in the Brexit cahus
UK on Edge of Chaos With Brexit Vote /Ulss the royals keep out of Britsh Affairs it can't happen
I hate the way auto correct always thinks it knows better
David ‘I’m alright Jack’ Cameron! #Coward
Steve Hilton: Original intent of Brexit - restoring freedom and sovereignty - buried by inept bureaucrats
Larry would do a better job...
BBCNews : RT BBCPolitics: Jeremy Corbyn accuses Theresa May of "acting in her narrow party interest, rather than the public interest" on #Brexit - saying her party is "fundamentally split on the issue" No confidence debate updates: …
In almost every aspect of British life there are positives to a no-deal Brexit | Bill Cash
Dear you say your faith tells you you are doing the right thing. As another English leader once said, for the sake of the nation, "I beseech you, in the bowels of Christ, think it possible you may be mistaken." Try listening #Brexit #BrexitVote #PeoplesVote
Well put, : “Brexit has split a once stable country in two and transformed its politicians into lemmings, throwing themselves off the white cliffs into the sea. It’s great theatre – but tragic.” via
British Parliament strongly rejects Theresa May’s Brexit plan, heightening uncertainty just two months before country’s planned exit from EU.
Once again my party for over forty years wave the Union Jack.
She was offered a pairing so a another show political game playing put this on your special show on the #bbc oh you won’t do that as a remainer
BBCNews : RT BBCPolitics: Theresa May tells MPs a General Election is "the worst thing we could do" with #Brexit looming as it would bring chaos, division and delay No confidence debate updates: (via Twi…
Nihal, I'm an expat with a Chinese wife. I am *DISGUSTED* with the Tory position on Brexit and immigration in general. Makes it impossible for me to ever live in the UK with said wife. And removes my right to live in EU countries. Fuck you tories. Sorry. Very angry.
When you're "so left-wing" that you end up as a UKIP cheerleader
Very good depiction of the problems with the Tory whipping operation by . This is from December, but still useful reading today.
This is the perfect moment to create the May_bot. Let it self-reply and self-string. Like all good bots of the last #brexit repos, little May_bot helplessly harvests from endless rehashing. Is May_botto learning? Is that intelligence? Is it intelligible? Is it interesting?
I tuned for 5 minutes earlier and this is literally what was happening.
And both liars, afraid to rip off their masks to reveal their true ambitions for Brexit chaos. Where is Scooby Doo when you need him ?
It would seem so but he has refused to commit to a Brexit referendum.
Many more Brexit deals possible with EU. But all of them give a closer relationship than TM's deal. NoDealer's will vote them down. Remainers will see them all as "EU minus" and vote them down also. NoDeal isn't happening, so... #peoplesVote is now only way out.
Not so diplomatic
So is yours you idiot!!
Brexit was a waste of time UK and EU are not just an alliance but a race as brothers...people call me black I feel that I am attacked by racism but Brexit thought me one thing, it is only power that matters....even brothers can separate even if they are of the same race.
I feared as much! We have a remain Parl and a leave (ish) Gov. Still think their best bet is to dissolve P and let the public elect a new one to manage Brexit. Fixed term act, which like the AV ref was a sop to the LDs, was a moronic piece of constitutional vandalism.
That man, Steve Bray from Wales, says that if the Leave vote is so sure, then why not hold another vote? He says if Remain wins and Brexit supporters want to protest, that's their democratic right.
The ERG and DUP have let Brexit slip through their fingers!
#Brexit = All Brits are under a huge fan=the EU membership,blowing vertically up. #Brexteers produces nonsense which like smelling fecal matter floats over due to the generated pressure. #Brexit will be turning off the fan, so everything will fall,all Brits will be dirty&amp;smelly.
Dear #Wetherspoon, stick to pedalling me the usual burger and beer for under a tenner and ditch this dross! Dumped through 2.2 million letterboxes at random, not “read by 2.2 million customers”. “Tim’s Take”? Keep your Brexit nonsense to yourself, you utter bellend.
I'm with
Everything was going very well for UK but then #Brexit happens.
HAHAHAH this is the truth
Brexit deal defeat knocks London’s blue chip stocks as pound weighs
Both remainers and leavers have no leaders. #Corbyn's #Labour is a disaster. #Brexit #May
I think it’s the last thing we need right now Tony. Labour would be decimated. As they have nothing different to offer the electorate on Brexit..if there was a caveat for a second vote or a permanent suspension of article 50 then maybe
Corbyn is on the wrong tack. Should be coming up with a Brexit framework and a plan for getting there rather than being an opportunist and just using it to try to get a general election to gain the power that has and will elude the Labour Party while he is head.
Labour's whole position has been to prefer as PM as preferential to any constructive engagement in the Brexit process. he is as incompetent as the governments approach to the Brexit negotiations. if he looses the confidence vote he must resign.
Imagine there's no #Brexit. It's easy if you try
Petition: Brexit re article 50 it must not be suspended/stopped under any circumstances
Theresa May lost the Brexit vote because Brexit was a lie
That's not correct. Art 24 allows applies for an implementation period to a finalised trade agreement. An example would be the Japan-EU FTA and the gradual reduction of tariffs on car exports over 7 or 8 years from 10% to 0%. On Brexit, no-one know what we will be implementing.
MUST-READ from today: "A 'no deal' #Brexit is the best path forward to ensure that Britain is a truly free sovereign nation, able to shape its own destiny on the world stage."
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
We live in such a shit time in history with Brexit, but it's such a teachable moment, could you imagine the history GCSE paper in the next 50 years ... "What led to the the failure of Theresa May's Brexit deal in January 2019 (12 marks)"
I've watched about 10 minutes of this... What a shambles of a parliament it is. Really, come on, we can do better, much better than this. This parliament is not functioning #Brexit #VoNC
Update: David Cameron has a great new trim and a pretty solid tan. Not being PM is doing him wonders
What are the implications of a no-deal Brexit for British travellers?
I hsve said since Brexit was floated either a piss poor Deal or No Deal EU was nevergoing to ignire the 4 main EU principles. They have beld to that prooblem no UK MPis listening. So we areeconomically fucked
So if there's another general election in the UK, isn't that a 'betrayal of democracy' too just like a second brexit referendum? wasn't the 2017 election? I'm beginning to think 'democracy' only matters some of the time to some of the people.
ZSJ and Brexit
Hi Kieran, Find info on #Brexit and supports at If you require further info don't hesitate to contact us at info .kilkennycoco.ie or (056) 7752662. Thanks!
And here's on the socialist case for Remain. "If Labour becomes trapped in weeks of machinations in the Commons, it will begin to look – above all to the young people mobilised against Brexit – like 'just another party.'" 2/2
Theresa May is too rigid to be an effective negotiator. She can continue playing PM but it is time for her to give the Brexit negotiation mandate to someone else - we need our own Michel Barnier.
I think the inability to find a solution or workable plan for brexit in two years is precisely the things that has “actually happened”. And as such I’m sure many of the the people who voted to leave but now realise doing so could come at the cost of no deal may not still want to
Theresa May promised a 'smooth and orderly Brexit'. Last night her flagship policy was emphatically defeated by Parliament; the biggest defeat of a UK Government on any Parliamentary vote. The proper convention is for a General Election to now be called. #KickTheToriesOut #PMQs
Oh christ on a bloody stick, give it a break, Lexiteers. Worry about how you're actually going to persuade the majority of domestic voters who won't have voted Labour, before deciding you need to row off into the middle of nowhere.
‘People were LIED to’ Macron attacks ‘manipulated’ Brexit vote after May’s deal rejected -
If no GE, and Tories continue without bringing Labour on board, as a last resort to avoid hard brexit, I would be interested in a 2nd referendum with ranked choice voting between: 1) Remain. 2) Leave with a new deal. 3) Leave with this deal. 4) Leave with no deal. #PMQs
No! I like terrible overcoats. They work harder. Jon Snow has very good overcoats.
Remember building socialism in one country?
UK Brexit Chaos Gets Worse as Parliament Slaps Down Proposed Deal
MAY CLAIMED SHE KNOWS WHAT LABOUR VOTERS WANT! SHE CANNOT PLEASE HER OWN BACK BENCHERS.
Corbyn accuses May of being in denial over Brexit deal in PMQs
Only a General election can extend Article 50!!
PM faces crushing Brexit defeat and a vote of no confidence.
I saw Vince rehearsing as he gesticulated his way along Twickenham Station platform this morning. You tell her where to stick her No Deal threats Vince.
#Brexit = All Brits are under a huge fan=the EU membership,blowing vertically up. #Brexteers produces nonsense which like smelling fecal matter floats over due to the generated pressure. #Brexit will be turning off the fan, so everything will fall,all Brits will be dirty&amp;smelly.
Woman will snake fascinate you, with her words?
FAKE NEWS - Belfast Agreement isn't broken by no deal, Femi knows EU UK Ire all have said if no deal then no hard border so that issue is removed form equation, Femi keeps telling lies about it! NHS, Economy, fine, no evidence will be trashed. Why same old lies Femi.
URGENT ATTENTION OF ALL MEMBERS OF PARLIAMENT - REVOKING OR EXTENDING 'ARTICLE 50' NOT REQUIRED. IT IS ALREADY UNLAWFUL:
Disagree tbh I think the government have lost alotttttt of trust and people don’t want to pay for the process do brexit anymore! Just want it to end.
I back a general election so we can get rid of your shouting and bleating without a brexit policy which appears opposite to your last manifesto
#DavidCameron syas he doesn't regret calling for the #brexit #Referendum he's either a #liar, a #fool or both
we dont respect tricks and deception on the people, neither should you. dont try this rubbish shaun. leave isnt what was promised, so dont be so scared of asking those same people if the actual reality of brexit is something they want.
Telt youse.
#Brexit as the country is split and neither the government nor parliament seem able to sort out the mess we are in maybe the answer is a civil war. We haven’t had one for over 370 years.
I am not frightened to ask you &amp; every true Conservative to refuse to go 1 step further along the Brexit criminal path. Leave broke OUR law. Charles Moore says the EU is bad bc we have no direct vote on EU leaders but our direct vote in 2016 was obtained in turpis causa!
The theory on group polarisation might or might not be right. But if it’s true for Brexiteers, it’s also true in spades for the remoaners. Also, May’s deal was #brexit purgatory - it most certainly was not an exit from the #EU’s political project. #brexitshambles
its getting beyond a parody now...
Disappointed to see that my MP is not on this list given constituents gave a very clear signal to Remain.
Theresa May’s Brexit plan suffered a huge defeat. What comes next? - BBC News US
‘The biggest defeat in all our history.’ #BrexitVote #NoConfidenceMotion
PLEASE SIGN &amp; SHARE. Petition: Brexit re article 50 it must not be suspended/stopped under any circumstances
May and Corbyn are both conflicted on a 2nd ref. How would they campaign? Corbyn just disappeared last time &amp; let the Leave lies go unopposed. May reluctantly supported Remain. Both know Brexit will damage Britain economically. They’d say “respect the 1st ref” &amp; take no position.
#ThingsNeverSeenOnTv A Celebrity Mud fight between Jeremy Corbyn and Theresa May to resolve #Brexit
You'd still lose comrade. Sort Brexit out first though
The Prime Minister will find it hard to build a cross-party consensus on Brexit
If we exit Brexit does that make it brexitexit?
Surely the brexit referendum vote should’ve been better thought out? People joke about a best of 3, but it should of been. Because it’s not like a general election where we can change your vote a few years later.
If the incompetence of the overturn movement somehow ends up with a no deal brexit that will be the greatest political irony of my lifetime.
There isn’t gonna be a no deal Brexit either
Thank you.
Brexit : « Enough is enough »
Who cares what James O’Brien said or says.
Remainers, including the team, are causing the uncertainty. Then they put it forward as an anti-#Brexit argument.
2nd Brexit "People's vote" referendum isn't a certainty. He could do it if there is one.
Good thread here on Revoke and Reconsider. 2/2
May is a walking disaster, only made PM by default because no other Tory wanted to tackle Brexit, She will return with the same deal again next week. There needs to be a new approach, I'm not for a new ref, I'm not sure I want another GE.
In the last three years Parliament has received two instructions from British voters: to leave the EU and the election of 589 MPs who in their manifestos promised to deliver Brexit. People rightly expect us to get on with our jobs and serve constituents as well as the nation.
I feel honoured to be sitting in watching history being made today. Also terrified, because all the jeering and arguing does, at the end of the day, have real consequences for millions of people. #brexit
Theresa May lost the Brexit vote because Brexit was a lie
#Brexit options
Gauke fails to confirm that PM would oversee no-deal Brexit if needs be. Shamefully weak. Betrays the lie that was 'No deal is better that a bad deal'. We have been conned all along and the EU can see now that no-deal is, and never was, a real negotiating option. She should go.
via Sounds like a lot of talk and no action. The British people voted for Brexit and the dysfunctional gov't can't/won't make it happen. Don't forget that the Queen wants a new yacht and her palace remodeled $$$$
I love Margaret Beckett. Put her in Corbyn's place and have a fighting chance.
Who elected this man too keep giving us lectures on Brexit? he should do his day job a shut up on politics.
Keeping the PM in power, but voting down her plans, is the way to a cliff-edge no deal brexit.
Ditto, there is an enormous amount of anti-Brexit energy and it would immediately capture the younger professional class, which is usually a desirable political block. A “kill Brexit” and rededicate our time and resources to *insert policy preference* message could be powerful
What have we got now if not absolute chaos
Banks Warn of Impending 1930s-Type ‘Catastrophe’ As No-Deal Brexit Looms
I think you sometimes see politics through only the prism of who is the leader. People voted for May to deliver hard Brexit. Labour got 3 million more votes in last election because of its popular policies. That's more important to those who need housing, education and welfare.
She’s captured the spirit of Brexit perfectly there, then.
Wow.... this is out of the playbook of an autocrat of a banana republic not the PM of the UK. Has Brexit fever really driven apparently sensible people to such madness?
POLLED: Never let it be said that reader ‘Billy Brexit’ from Brexitville isn’t putting the legwork in, although I’m not completely sure he’s getting a representative sample…
She's lying again, 80% of voters did not give Brexit a mandate in that Election, it was an election not a Referendum. Theresa May our PM is lying.
Brexit: Showdown
Mark Carney: Sterling rebound reflects expectations that no-deal Brexit less likely - business live
How should this Brexit crisis be fixed? Our writers’ verdicts
The latest Urban Experience! Thanks to #rassegnastampaestera #brexit
No deal Brexit could be a disaster for Real Madrid
Labour MPs declare support for second Brexit referendum
The latest France Infos! Thanks to #brexit #repost
Comrade Trump’s boss is pleased. Maybe all the secret meetings were performance reviews?
#PMQs Like Hitler in his bunker only talking to his Generals. #Brexit #NoConfidence
Today's Vote of No Confidence is just more time wasting by Jeremy Corbyn. Being in Government is more than about Brexit. Pleased to see our party united on keeping a Conservative government in office.
Theresa May faces vote of no confidence as Brexit crumbles - News, Tribune
I created this accounting to talk about tv and now here I am, retweeting shit about brexit and how awful the tories are because my country is a complete fucking mess
May have???
One thing is clear - the clowns in that building don't have a cat in hell's chance of any kind of consensus on Brexit. They couldn't resolve anything if you gave them 10 years to do it. It's no deal or no Brexit - there is no 3rd alternative.
“I’m a Conservative first and foremost and I know opportunism when I see it.” Mark Francois who still thinks it’s the Brexit debate. #NoConfidence
No-deal Brexit is no-deal Brexit, don't think to hack!
If the whole #Brexit debacle has shown one thing so far, it is that 19th-century 'solutions' (i.e. nationalism) just don't work for 21st-century problems. Nationalist policies and isolationism in fact often hurt national interest. But who cares for facts when they can have feels.
Except for the Remoaners, whose numbers decline everyday that Brexit drags on, the British public do NOT want a second referendum. The resulting anger from Joe Public has been hugely discounted in London. Ordinary people will become very angry &amp; will vent their anger at their MPs
Secession, Patrick. There's no other option that will rid us of the Leftists. Out of the EU frying pan is merely back into the Westminster fire. In its own way the latter is just as unaccountable and anti-democratic. Brexit must be but a first step towards real liberty.
Brexit Roundtable Webinar: Outlook for GBP and London Stocks
For 18 months Keir Starmer has been a member of the privy council so he could liaise on Brexit issues but no one in the front bench has been invited on negotiations? #confidencedealdebate
UK govt could unilaterally *revoke* #A50 notification. but very doubtful it can 're-issue it at any time, if parliament still wants Brexit to go ahead' (petition text). on the contrary revocation has to be an 'unequivocal and unconditional decision' (ECJ) not postponement
He’s useless. The reality is no one wants the responsibility for Brexit
Shows how irresponsible the whole Brexit vote is! It will hurt all, not only citizens of the UK. Got to go again! Sorry!
Only a General election can extend Article 50!!
Hi Daniel Well done matey: Lenin would have been proud of you for having helped to create the biggest political mess that the uk has ever faced. Job only half done. Next step full Brexit which will bring unemployment and the most left wing labour government the UK has ever seen!
Ignoring actual politics for a second, I always find Camerons PR trick fascinating. He'll say his line and then literally just walk off, ensuring that there's no chance of him being asked a question. Watch his interviews, he does it all the time.
As opposed to 's Brexit deal which has already brought chaos, division and delay.
Both the paralysis in Parliament and Theresa May's many defeats in Parliament stem from Theresa May losing the last General Election on her own terms. Time for a new #GeneralElection; #KickTheToriesOut. #NoConfidence #Brexit #BrexitVote #politicslive
Theresa May blaming Labour for everything yet it is her who has failed to deliver #Brexit. If she had any honour she would resign, but she has none. #PMQs
Adam Tomkins says MPs who voted against Theresa May's deal "have made a no deal Brexit all the more likely". He charges SNP with only really being interested in independence; will they play a "constructive role" over Brexit or "merely retreat to the familiar playground politics"?
Always.. #BrexitChaos #Brexit #brexitdebate #changemanagement #changefromwithin #leadership
To be fair, most people voting for brexit were everyday people who were scared of the refugee crisis and were lied to by the manipulations of the leave campaign. It’s not all xenophobia.
I dont believe that Teresa did ask Noel Edmonds to sort brexit out... #DealOrNoDeal
Jeff put a leaflet out saying he would back a people’s vote but he can’t do anything to cause shame to his boss I guess? As a whip for Corbyn he is whipping for Brexit. Leaflets probably as much as he can get a way with
One can imagine be like 'whoops did I do this'
This might be convincing if...oh, never mind.
We voted to have an independent trade policy, not to be in a Customs Union with the EU. #brexit #stitchup
via Scotland Secretary David Mundell faces fresh calls to resign over Brexit vote
She’s tired...but shy admit..Brexit is OFF
Six scenarios now May's Brexit deal has been rejected
Theresa May keeps attacking Jeremy Corbyn, plans to sideline him from cross-party Brexit talks
He has no fuck### idea what he's talking about and certainly knows nothing about WTO.
Wow! Will smith is talking about brexit!
We already have a citizens assembly, the last time I checked it was called the Houses of Parliament. We need MP's to do their job not fob it off on Concerned from Milton Keynes and Willie Wingnut from Wolves.
Suez was a crisis borne of elite conspiracy in the corridors of power. Brexit is a crisis, to be sure, but of a different kind. Some 17.4 million Britons voted for it, but our parliamentary system is struggling to contain and deliver on what it expressed.
Theresa May to face no-confidence motion following defeat over Brexit deal -
To stop Brexit which was probably their plan all along
How did so many clowns come to political dominance #Brexit Was it the people's fault?
Brexit fatigue: ‘It’s been two or three years nearly. We’re sick of it’ (via )
#BREXIT: UK PM MAY SAYS CONFIDENT GOVERNMENT WILL RETAIN CONFIDENCE OF PARLIAMENT
#Brexit = All Brits are under a huge fan=the EU membership,blowing vertically up. #Brexteers produces nonsense which like smelling fecal matter floats over due to the generated pressure. #Brexit will be turning off the fan, so everything will fall,all Brits will be dirty&amp;smelly.
I don’t even brexit will happen, like the pm can’t even get a deal through and she refuses to listen. I honestly believe it’s time for a general election
The border ‘backstop’ that’s bollocksing the #Brexit deal: #UnitedKingdom #UK #EuropeanUnion #EU #NorthernIreland #Ireland
No, no, thank you. The only positive I have been able to find in the Brexit process is that it provides source material for you to so regularly transform into these incisive, hilarious and strangely therapeutic columns. It is a wonderful thing you do.
i like that it's framed as a question because it affords us a few hours of unbridled optimism!
Its very strange. As though someone has kidnapped her family to ensure she delivers brexit on schedule
Amid Parliament’s Brexit Rebellion, a Tectonic Shift in How Britain Is Governed
Russia's Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov: We're not rubbing our hands with glee over Brexit
Steve Hilton: Original intent of Brexit - restoring freedom and sovereignty - buried by inept bureaucrats
Staggering that people who refer to “we won a world war,” times have changed and we didn’t win it, it was a coalition if we want to be pedantic.
Its not a plan, its laughable. Not only does this violate a red line that leavers voted for, its disingenuous to say that the UK would sit at the table as equals to the EU when negotiating trade deals, they have already said that's impossible! #Brexit #LabourFail
This means he would be available for a move to right? Sources: Bale future uncertain with 'no deal' Brexit
#bbcnews #Brexit #Tories are a bunch of childish idiots. What a bunch of wankers
17.4 Million people voted 2 leave. #Brexit
Lib Dems right now are the only major decent party that are putting forward ideas for the benefit of the nation. The labour MP is quick to point out Lib Dems failings in coalition but not their own when Labour was in government. Absolutely disgusting stance from Labour.
Brexit: MPs debate no-confidence motion after May's deal defeat – Politics live
Last night's political news just shows the total divisions caused by this useless distraction device that is #Brexit. This never needed to happen, and now #Britain is a total mess. Bring it back to the people you saw fit to ask in the first place. #Democracy
Ditching May won't solve Brexit mess
Clicking a link whilst you are sitting on the toilet and actually getting off your arse to go to a rally are very different things. The actual pro brexit rallies are what you should compare the EU March with.
The lunch absolutely packed to hear discuss the #Brexit implications for #Jersey “every person wanting to come work and contribute to our community is welcome” he says...
Arlene's border comments and DUP lunacy has finally made sense. Was yapping with The Mother about brexit lack of developments. Everytime Arlene speaks I know it'll be harder and harder to ever vote for a United Ireland, she says. DUP always play the long game.
can you help ?
A better chance of Mary Poppins getting a no deal Brexit than our government....
I keep reading this as 'I don't recall calling the referendum', which would be an easier position to defend imo.
Anyway not sure how corbyn could betray people when he ran on a manifesto that said they'd brexit
Surely it's the DUP who hold the cards? If May/allies try "softer" Brexit (how can it be any 'softer' than her deal??) - DUP can pull the plug on May's government.
Totally agree. Also house sale stagnation blamed on Brexit. No mention of increased stamp duty or BTL landlords pulling out due to high tax from Osbourne. Nothing to to with Brexit.
Every single expert (including the brexit ones) say we will be worse off.
T"he Conservative MP George Freeman asks, when the cross-party talks happen, which Scarlet Pimpernel will turn up: the Labour leader who campaigns against Brexit in London and the south, or the Labour leader who campaigns for it in the north."
URGENT ATTENTION OF ALL MEMBERS OF PARLIAMENT - REVOKING OR EXTENDING 'ARTICLE 50' NOT REQUIRED. IT IS ALREADY UNLAWFUL:
Hardly surprising because she won't get anything sensible from him. Remember this childish reply from the beginning of the Brexit process when she asked for cross party support.
The truth is though Rod the EU was always going to play hardball, the only reason we're in this mess is because the person leading the negotiation doesn't really believe in brexit, she's danced to the EU's tune from the start and they knew it.
“Isn’t that lovely? they’ve not had the time to screw things up even more by trying to plan them for us. Brexit, the gift that keeps on giving, they’re all too busy with it to rule us.” via Continental Telegraph
I live in N Ireland and a hard border does not give me sleepless nights. If it’s a hard border it’s a hard border. The EU should not be dictating on internal Sovereign decisions. I believe that Brexit will be the first of the dominos to fall across the EU.
THIS
You're right Theresa, that won't help anything. A #PeoplesVote though is a must. With 3 options: - My Deal - No Deal - No Brexit #PMQs
#Brexit and my 2 cents (video in Slovak) via
DJ live-streams his 'Brexit DJ set' outside the Houses of Parliament
Brexit means brexit
Hard Brexit. Tariffs, price-rises, empty shelves at supermarkets, rationing, long delays at airports, economic recession. Well-Hard Brexit: Danny Dyer visits every house to call the occupants a twat to their faces. Infinity Brexit: Thanos becomes PM and kills 50% of population.
What do you want to happen with Brexit now?
Fraser Nelson speaks of “Stumbling into a no-deal”. I’d rather think in terms of embracing a WTO Brexit.
Brexit : « Enough is enough » via
#BREXIT: UK PM MAY SAYS WHEN GOVERNMENT WINS CONFIDENCE VOTE, WILL SET OUT NEXT STEPS ON BREXIT CONSULTATION
I’m sure this will just infuriate committed Euro-sceptics, but Macron is spot on
What happens if the Government loses tonight's vote of no confidence? #Brexit #NoConfidence #Corbyn #TheresaMay
A humiliating Brexit defeat, but May will likely stagger on
Very proud to say the song I lyrically adapted for to sing has kinda gone viral :) Andy is a genius...
#SouthwestHerts MP says the #Tories may have to adopt #Labour policy of a #customsunion to get a #Brexit deal through Parliament but will step over her red lines?
I think that brexit is a piece of cake compared to the changes to the Louth championship
#socialism never works #RemoveRashida #Constitution #RacistRashida #nancyshouse #WednesdayWisdom #SchumerPelosoShutDown #Emergency1066 #AllLight_with_ASTRO #AllNight #Ghostbusters #blackish #Brexit #BuildTheWall #MAGA
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK - CNNPolitics The USSR dissolved due to its own bankruptcy from the US initiated Cold War that is now about to bankrupt us. It wasn't Thatcher or Reagan.
Wednesday January 16 - NBC Morning Rundown: Shutdown standoff: Trump wanted to eat Democrats' lunch. So they didn't show up; Another day of Brexit intrigue looms as opponents aim to oust May Via
#invest in #brexit opportunities in the UK with our help
So, the fuck with this Brexit thing right?
British expats buy cheaper pints as Brexit chaos threatens Spanish idyll
Spot on.
By “hardline Brexiteers” Nick just means normal folk that either: 1) Voted to leave the EU, which means leaving the Customs Union, Single Market &amp; ECJ Or 2) Voted remain but respect the result of the referendum and value our democracy Let’s stop the name calling &amp; gaslighting
#Russia's #Lavrov: We're not rubbing our hands with glee over #Brexit
Will Britain's government fall after devastating Brexit defeat? And 9 more things to know for Wednesday
Institute for Government responds to to Parliament's 'meaningful vote' via #Brexit
No deal Hard Brexit Soft Brexit Al Dente Brexit Medium Well Brexit Rare Brexit #LeaveNow The "deal" was leave or remain.
Corbyn: "Last week they lost a vote on the Finance bill, that's supply. Yesterday they lost by the biggest margin ever, that's what's confidence. They should do the right thing and resign." Live updates as Parliament debates the motion of no confidence:
Theresa May "People want MPs to get on with implementing Brexit. An election would prevent this. It would mean article 50 having to be extended, and it would create uncertainty." So what the fuck do we have now if not uncertainty?
What are we going to watch after Brexit is over, friends of mine say Trump is good?
None so deaf as those that won't hear. May and you apparently. The EU have agreed to suspend Article 50 to allow a fresh referendum on the real choices and Vince only said consider. He is open to looking at anything other than hard Brexit.
Today’s top pics: Brexit deal rejection to bring chaos and more
Brexit: 71 UK opposition Labour party lawmakers back a second referendum - media. Anyone like to take a bet Blair an d Zonis are organisers? #
Only a General election can extend Article 50!!
What wrong with cheap ideas. Better than expensive ideas, such as #socialism And paying the EU 39 Billion for nothing #WTOBrexit #NoDealNoProblem #Brexit
oi Fish Face don’t speak about what we don’t want on our behalf. I haven’t used my BREXIT vote yet because the campaign didn’t provide us with any meaningful information at the time to allow some who are not stupid to vote. Let the 2nd referendum commence and shut up
Anyone who thinks May's negotiating hand with Brussels has been strengthened by a record 230 vote defeat in the House of Commons is utterly delusional. #Brexit shambles
Told you Peter that you were good someone who can calmly discuss Brexit is rare need you on College Green (Hint).Regards.
The idea that do not have a plan is a lie, another lie coming from our vile excuse for a Government.
How deliciously seventeenth century. It would also be absolutely the right thing to do. #BREXIT #BrexitVote #StandUp4Brexit
Still relevant.
I wonder who by? Oh that would be the Beeboids, desperate to hang on to their EU funding and who would be a political non-entity without having a tub to thump.
The fucking Tories now are all just battling against a General Election now and thinking about themselves instead of the country. Fucking selfish parasites #Brexit
As mcgahn called it...he is the peroxide King Kong. Brains are not important, but balls, bullying, risk and boldface lying run the country. The perfect wrecking ball. At least we did not do a brexit move...backed into a corner. We vote and this minority travesty must go.
But first get this Brexit thing going … somehow! My personal view is that UK is better staying in the EU …
Let's be honest, the deadlock is actually caused by those MP's who refuse to accept that the people of the UK voted to leave the EU and who have ever since, been engaged in a shameful and undemocratic attempt to stop Brexit!
We’re running out of time before the #Brexit deadline could see us crash out of the EU, hurting women the most. stop playing politics and join our demands for a #PeoplesVote
No deal Brexit then Bennite autarky as was planned by Labour in 1983. That's his policy I bet.
#WTO rules apply to cetain countries now as #UK are members of #EU. If a hard #Brexit happens - #UK will need to apply to #WTO. #WTO rules do not apply automatically &amp; not guaranteed that #UK will be approved.
Balfour boss in Brexit blast at Chancellor
Can we not all just agree that Brexit has been one big midlife crisis, but we're over it now? Give the keys of the Alfa Romeo back, start shagging the wife again and generally just forget about the last two years of acting like utter fuckwits?
As always, too many choice lines to quote
What does he mean by “loser”?Economically?Democratically?Much misunderstanding of British electorate’s decision is apparatchiks like him see society as merely an economy just as they view citizens as merely bipedal work units.
The new Spider-Man film is set in Europe and people are convinced it's about Brexit
STRASBOURG, France | EU leaders plead with UK to get its act together on Brexit
If you think a second Brexit vote is needed because the first one was influenced by lies and deceptions I have bad news about every election you’ve ever voted in for your entire life
London rent rises slower than post-Brexit vote estimates, says report
Why do you write bare faced lies? Here's the 2017 Manifesto on Brexit.
The #UK govt suffering the biggest defeat in history and then winning a confidence vote 24 hours later will have to go down as Peak #Brexit
STRASBOURG, France | EU leaders plead with UK to get its act together on Brexit
Yet he will vote to keep her in govt today
A mirror of Blair not regretting Iraq. #PeoplesVote
After Theresa May's Brexit deal suffered a decisive defeat in Parliament, the prime minister faces a critical non-confidence vote. But no matter the outcome for her, the country is still wracked by division with no clear path out of an intractable poli...
A complete defeat for UK's Teresa May and Brexitinction....
this is the brexit chat it's been around for like a week
Very welcome news. Presently stifled by the union, Scotland has so much to offer, not just the EU but the rest of the world.
We’re running out of time before the #Brexit deadline could see us crash out of the EU, hurting women the most. stop playing politics and join our demands for a #PeoplesVote
Yeah! Because Brexit!
One option is for the Republic of #Ireland to leave the #EU and join the #UK in a #FreeTrade agreement - that way there will be no trade boarder with it's largest market. #EU27 #Brexit
I never thought I'd be nostalgically recalling the days of Blair and Campbell, but the #brexit omnishambles is making me miss them. I sort of want Blair to rock up to the Commons on a horse, like Charles Dance in that episode of #GameOfThrones when he saves the day last minute.
Labour's whole position has been to prefer as PM as preferential to any constructive engagement in the Brexit process. as incompetent as governments approach to Brexit negotiations. if he looses the confidence vote he must resign #NoConfidence #NoConfidenceVote
Hey Marcus, I wrote a poem on #Brexit, which I thought you might enjoy sharing x
And the easiest to see how bad the EU is is to see how almost every technocrat in power in the EU is a deep fiscal hawk.
The party’s Brexit policy, agreed at Conference says clearly: “If we cannot get a general election, Labour must support all options remaining on the table, including campaigning for a public vote.”
Stop using brexit for your own agenda. ..we need to crack on with brexit screw a GE. .
Enjoy Brexit. Either way. We will leave the eu in 72 days time
“There are no more words to describe the frustration, impatience, and growing anger amongst business after two and a half years on a high-stakes political rollercoaster ride that shows no sign of stopping", DG #Brexit #ChamberInt
I’ve had 4 hours sleep and currently have the contents of my engine bay all over the floor while I try and trace the single faulty connection in my engine or alternator or charger or invertor or battery bank that is stopping my pre-heaters working. This, too, is #brexit’s fault.
Well done Julia: Lenin would have been proud of you for having helped to create the biggest political mess that the uk has ever faced. Job only half done. Next step full Brexit which will bring unemployment and the most left wing labour government the UK has ever seen!
URGENT ATTENTION OF ALL MEMBERS OF PARLIAMENT - REVOKING OR EXTENDING 'ARTICLE 50' NOT REQUIRED. IT IS ALREADY UNLAWFUL:
I liked a video Brexit Meltdown as Theresa May is Massively Defeated on Her Crappy Deal
now we are having a referendum on a table? Let's sort out brexit first, eh?
Well done to everyone who voted brexit look at the mess you’ve made x
I wonder if any political party in different times would have been willing to fight a general election with a manifesto that promised to deliver the unnecessary and devastating consequences that any form of Brexit will undoubtedly cause. I very much doubt it.
Robert Shrimsley: Brexit vote: 'Are we witnessing Britain's biggest political crisis of modern times? Absolutely yes.'
Precisely my point. Of all the trade deals we must sign the one with the EU is far and away the most important. So how do you propose negotiating a deal with the EU that isn't poorer than the one we have? #PeoplesVote #Brexit
held Mogg to his friends comment about agriculture &amp; industry being destroyed by No Brexit. Whilst said it would be a joyous occasion. Certainly not for the rest of us. If you want cheap clothes Mogg go to Primark. Do they sell double breasted suits?
Mr Rees Mogg, honestly sir, you disappoint me. As I have told all my congregation Brexit will be a disaster till you lot can agree
News going on in Ireland
Correct. Confidence to the conservatives is all a matter of personal conservation. #NoConfidence
If the Brits today had the same grit as back then, tossing a Tyrant of a King out of Country, Brexit would have already been done and over. Child Sex Traffickers would have the lifespan of Fruit-Flies. The Loud and Crazy PC Crowd would fall silent Violent Crime Rates would be low
While I respectfully take no position on "what Britain should do," for the life of me I have not seen a scintilla of credible evidence (e.g., economic cause/effect analysis) as to how the UK would be "injured" by Brexit over the LONG TERM. Think about it.
We are headed to a no deal Brexit. May has the perfect political cover as her deal was rejected. Corbyn is a busted flush. She is just giving false hope now but with only 40+ sitting days I can’t she she can be stopped.
Scottish Tories response to Brexit and the chaos at Westminster
Not quite correct, they voted against her Brexit deal. Nearly all Tory MP’s have said they will support her &amp; her government because the prospect of being made unemployed is to dreadful for them to contemplate.
On #Brexit, Labour is working hard to remain absolutely, certainly, #unequivocally…#undecided
It was always going to end in tears.... ‘How Theresa May’s Brexit deal was killed off by her own incompetence’
#Brexit PLOT: Farage issues shock warning for Leave voters about MPs and their 'EU friends'
brexit is actually cracking television not going to lie
Theresa May's point that Jeremy Corbyn would vote down ANY Brexit deal is rather undermined by the over 100 Tories that voted down her dreadful frankendeal last night.
This is sensible. The key thing is to have a Conservative PM who actually believes in the value of Brexit! Step one - remove
hearing your party sniggering whilst many of us struggling is not a good look - you own this Brexit mess!!!
Permanent closure of personal account. Facebook attack on Lucy Harris totally outrageous censorship on an authoritarian whim. FB out to close any pro-Brexit debate.
#GrahamNorton clips on #YouTube are the perfect antidote to the #Brexit pressure cooker. #mentalhealth
beginning to wonder if May is a secret agent of a no-deal Brexit cabal controlled from behind the scenes by Arron Banks
Here you go Rog, our #Manicfesto for the EU . . . There are also some under the hashtags #Manicfesto, #Brexit
BOE Gov Mark Carney explains why pound rallied on Brexit debacle vote: "that rebound would appear to reflect some expectation that the process of resolution would be extended and that the prospect of no-deal may have been diminished" $gbpusd
. not about brexit. #Elybyelection
I can forget about impending disaster, a woman is wearing a coat
Some information for biased lying BBC and SKY campaigning channels.
I feel bad for Theresa May, there is no such thing as a perfect Brexit deal
Very revealing that Guy thinks the exercise of parliamentary democracy is "a mess." EU politics is nice and neat and controlled by the Executive.
can we just- FUCK BREXIT
NEW: I expect a minister to break ranks this afternoon and call on PM to begin formal talks with Labour on a new deal, including a customs union. A ‘grand coalition’ on Brexit. He is ready and prepared for that to split the Tories. Should h…
Go away you silly failed politician. We received a good idea of your incompetent ways when you had your chip in the big game during the disastrous coalition. So just STFU
Totally agree with you this ridiculous behave by your colleagues is despicable! Work together and get on with brexit for goodness sake. Ps I voted remain but wouldn’t now.
117 Conservatives voted no confidence in May, now they will all vote in confidence, they are only worried about staying in power at all costs, and that only, they do not care for the people and they do not care about Brexit, they do not care about the NHS or Poverty! #GTTO
This DONALD gets it right! “Brexit vote: Donald Tusk hints UK should stay in EU - BBC News”
I will always vote remain, wasted so much time and money on this brexit shit already, which could’ve been spent elsewhere
No-deal #Brexit looks more likely than ever. Leaving the #EU without a deal would be disastrous for our #environment. Join me and sign petition urging party leaders to rule out a dirty no-deal Brexit.
"Wow! Will Smith is talking about brexit!" "no no.. no.. not that one, the other one." "oh... whats on the other channel then?"
Totally irrelevant given that the Lib Dem’s are irrelevant in terms of voter &amp; MP numbers.
This time COULD have been used to instead debate the current #Brexit crisis and find a cross party consensus that WOULD pass through the house and COULD help the UK in it's time of national crisis. #NoConfidenceVote #Joke
Hard Brexit. No compromise. No deals or payments to EU terrorists.
Download And Stereaming 2019 Movies Free! Dont Forget To Retweet!! #2009vs2019challenge #Spiderman #spidermanTH #Venom #Movies #Gillete #TuesdayThoughts #NationalHatDay #Girl #GilletteAd #TheFlash #Brexit #SDLive #BBB19 #Videos #bbb2019 #WayVisCOMING
is just another one of the shameful tossers we have in parliament who do not believe in democracy. The yellow vest movement will ensure he is soon out of a job
I'd be more than happy with a 2nd referendum, provided all remain MPs who have blocked Brexit thus far, immediately resign if the nation continues to disagree with them. If they are that far out of touch with public opinion, they have no business being in office
Corbyn's suggestions are not a plan to leave because he is a remainer and will do all he can to stop brexit even though that is against the peoples wishes
Russia has meddled in both the Brexit vote &amp; 2016 US election -- the critical events that fomented the current crisis of the West. Republicans are allowing this to happen in plain sight. That is why Republicans need to be defeated in 2020 election! #GOPShutdown #Democrats
If May makes it through the no confidence vote her plan seems to be to run the clock down untill it is either her deal or hard brexit so even the MPs who want to renegotiate/have second ref are forced to pick the deal on the table. It's blackmail, not democracy.
#BREXIT? Have you changed your mind? Were you leave or remain? And if you voted again, would it be the same?
i lexit like this.
Only a General election can extend Article 50!!
London house prices continue to fall as Brexit uncertainties remain
Comic sans if you ask me
Perhaps domestic war. Europe really don’t care about Brexit.
‘Worst Thing We Could Do': UK’s May Says Election Means Extending Article 50
Bond Report: Treasury yields follow British gilts higher as market plays down chance of hard Brexit
Download And Stereaming 2019 Movies Free! Dont Forget To Retweet!! #2009vs2019challenge #Spiderman #spidermanTH #Venom #Movies #Gillete #TuesdayThoughts #NationalHatDay #Girl #GilletteAd #TheFlash #Brexit #SDLive #BBB19 #Videos #bbb2019 #WayVisCOMING
Interesting... ‘This obscure law could save us from May's #Brexit deadlock’
Watching the #UK no-confidence debate. I really cannot understand how anyone can take the MPs seriously. The country is in chaos and the MPs just make stupid jokes and jeer at each other. Where are the adults? #Brexit #PMQs
World stocks hold nerve after May's Brexit defeat, pound steady
This is embarrassing &amp; why democracy in this country is broken. Well done you voted down a terrible deal. And what have you accomplished in the last 2 years... oh that’s right absolutely nothing
#standup4brexit Here's proof of the problem Gillian, MP's like Boles are not bound by the Referendum or Conservative Manifesto giving a crap excuse. I for one have lost all faith in Parliament who ignore the Peoples Ref result &amp; thereby democracy.
When we have so many domestic issues such as child poverty to sort out in the UK and the Brexit Shambles to sort, why do too many MPs just act as if it is all a huge giggle and game? Offensive to their constituents - grow up!
To others, around 17million he created the opportunity that they were waiting for. So come on pull yourself together and get on with Brexit just like we told you and the other public servants to do rather than spent so much time on twitter
"forget the possibility of mass medication and food shortages, an economic crisis and widespread poverty, this rich unemployed aristocrat is wearing pink" is the most Telegraph thing ever
The lies belong to Berlin ..... Oh sorry!!!!’ Brussels
Great tan
Can we please just go back to the 2012 London Olympics when neither Brexit nor Andy Murray’s retirement existed?
so there won’t be brexit?
From the Editorial Board: Britain is left without a #Brexit plan. It’s headed toward disaster.
did he bring the speaker a sweety...….
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
Reporter: Stay or Leave? Corbyn: General Election R: Deal or No Deal? C: General Election R: What you having for dinner tonight? C: General Election #Brexit #JustStay #CorbynResign
If 48 #ToryMPs called for a no confidence vote motion on their leader #TheresaMay recently, surely the numbers should be with the opposition this evening if not it may only be Tory politicking? #Brexit #motionofnoconfidence #Corbyn
And still manage to walk into a closet instead of out the door
someone explain brexit to me
The national disaster is having to listen to your nonsense. Get a proper job.
Download And Stereaming 2019 Movies Free! Dont Forget To Retweet!! #2009vs2019challenge #Spiderman #spidermanTH #Venom #Movies #Gillete #TuesdayThoughts #NationalHatDay #Girl #GilletteAd #TheFlash #Brexit #SDLive #BBB19 #Videos #bbb2019 #WayVisCOMING
Theresa May lost the Brexit vote because Brexit was a lie via
forget brexit, office teaspoons are the most hotly contested topic of the age
But it’s a plan that doesn’t address the illegality of the 2016 result. It’s a plan that doesn’t give Remainers an option to avert catastrophe. You want a general election, but how can Labour Remainers vote for that?
Not sure I would be calling a vote of non confidence based on a 0.3% lead. The whole country wants a Brexit solution not a general election
we have half of the revolutionary dictum - the ruling class can no longer rule.. now we just need the other half - the working class will no longer be ruled #brexit
Depending on who you listen to the result of a NO DEAL Brexit ranges from catastrophic - to apparently making no difference at all :/ 95% of the world's most respected experts in various...
- how can calling for another GE for a new mandate, answer the simple but now pressing question of whether a more informed nation still wants #BREXIT any more? #PeoplesVote instead of #Vascillation - #GetOnWithIt
Sub-game perfection: May’s Brexit Deal Failed. What Happens Now?
Oh the irony! Who called a pointless snap election in 2017???
‘Psychologists in Limbo - the impact of Brexit on EU psychologists who have moved to the UK and made their careers and lives here' Wednesday the 23rd of January at 6pm Bernini &amp; El Greco room Renaissance Manchester City Centre Hotel Blackfriars Street M3 2EQ #DCPconf
Following Macron’s comments the UK may “step over” the European Parliament election; reports Martin Selmayr has instructed the commission legal service to investigate a delay; and some member states looking at “up to a year” extension; a shriek from the European Parliament:
Btw Britain spends one percent of government spending on the EU #Brexit.
Download And Stereaming 2019 Movies Free! Dont Forget To Retweet!! #2009vs2019challenge #Spiderman #spidermanTH #Venom #Movies #Gillete #TuesdayThoughts #NationalHatDay #Girl #GilletteAd #TheFlash #Brexit #SDLive #BBB19 #Videos #bbb2019 #WayVisCOMING
#PSA Hands down, this is the best daily newsletter I've ever read (and continue to read)...today with Netflix, Brexit, Gilette's new commercial...staying in the know. See for yourself #NotAnAd &gt;&gt;
Here's an idea......Instead of our useless government negotiating a Brexit deal. Why didn't we get real business leaders like &amp; more, who actually understand business &amp; how to negotiate, to work on this deal? #Brexit #PMQs
I will not allow my family to be robbed of their EU Freedoms, Rights &amp; Protections and their access to the European Court of Justice by a Political Party of whatever colour (Red today, Blue tomorrow) that cannot guarantee them in perpetuity. #PeoplesVote
After a No Deal Brexit it will be: Corned Beef and Turnip.
He needs to sort London out and leave brexit to the grown ups
A member of the Conservative party said that the prime minister and him rarely see eye to eye on certain matters regarding Brexit and the deal and someone shouted “she’s taller than you” LOOOOOL
The latest The pregnancy, yoga, health Daily! #brexit #brexitvote
One may not always agree with and reckon this is a brilliant piece — with a slight caveat : people do not always behave rationally, MPs being no exception #Brexit
No. Brexit has exposed how pathetically weak they are &amp; especially the need for a written constitution.
Wasn't it opportunistic of May to think she could deliver brexit without involving parliament? She though she would go down as the brexit hero, turns out she's the brexit zero.
Brexit: Labour must let its members decide its next step
We need to #RevokeArticle50 apologise profusely, #Remain and join #ProjectHope to make #Europe strong and united! #IAmEuropean
He's signalling #Britain's future under #Cons #Brexit
EU leaders plead with UK to get its act together on Brexit
I wonder why anyone at the Beeb believed this pearl of wisdom, on a par with "Adam and Steve" in both wit and originality, to be so crucial to the Brexit debate that they felt compelled to include it in their live feed about it.
Download And Stereaming 2019 Movies Free! Dont Forget To Retweet!! #2009vs2019challenge #Spiderman #spidermanTH #Venom #Movies #Gillete #TuesdayThoughts #NationalHatDay #Girl #GilletteAd #TheFlash #Brexit #SDLive #BBB19 #Videos #bbb2019 #WayVisCOMING
Here Are The Front Pages The Morning After The Truly Epic Brexit Defeat via
And there’s me thinking ‘Now which one is that...?’
Tell ‘em comrade.
Spectacular! Best piece of writing featuring the words ‘betwatted’ and Mariah Carey.
I hope Brexit succeeds so that the Brits will not be under the socialist, globalist thumb of the European Union.
Mark Francois MP just stood up to pledge his &amp; the ERG's support for Theresa May in the #noconfidence vote. In December, in his letter of no confidence, he wrote that it was 'imperative we find a new leader' and the PM was in 'complete denial'. Who is playing games? #brexit
I live in USA &amp; know first hand what Russia can do. It’s almost civil war here. The uneducated belief the Russian lies fed to them by a crazy populist owned by Russia. Better informed ppl know what’s going on &amp; want to save their country. It’s total madness. Stop Brexit if u can
Brexit: How Europe Reacted to Brexit Deal Defeat – Report
God, thank you!!!
Just the point I wanted to make. Thanks.
literally.. there were/still are ONLY brexiters in charge of brexit all 3 brexit ministers ARE hardcore leavers
76% of UK adults think that no deal Brexit will lead to higher food prices according to previous Populus research which explores what consumers think the impact of #NoDealBrexit will be. Read more
Can I get an essay deadline because of Brexit anxiety please
And you were telling me earlier, in an attemp to disprove your editorially Remain bias, that he was grappling to deliver Brexit, which means leaving the Customs Union.
EU ready to discuss new Brexit deal if UK changes 'red lines'
"Brexit?? Withdrawal? From Theresa May? Oohhhhh! Suits you, sir.", etc, etc, etc... #fastshow #Brexit #DissolveTheUnion
Download And Stereaming 2019 Movies Free! Dont Forget To Retweet!! #2009vs2019challenge #Spiderman #spidermanTH #Venom #Movies #Gillete #TuesdayThoughts #NationalHatDay #Girl #GilletteAd #TheFlash #Brexit #SDLive #BBB19 #Videos #bbb2019 #WayVisCOMING
Very snobbish to just ignore a whole nation of Welsh people who voted in the majority to leave the EU
Brexit fallout: 'I do not regret calling the referendum,' says David Cameron
Britain’s a Small Country. Get Used to It. #Brexit
Is that code for "I'll do what Momentum tells me to do"?
Theresa May faces no-confidence vote after her Brexit deal fails #trending #news
No. And I’d argue that the fault for that lies with Corbyn. Instead of addressing these issues in alliance with Brexit he wants to address them in isolation. “I understand why you voted to leave because of inequality btn richest and poorest. I can address that within the EU”.
#WhatIsPlanB, Mrs May? We want to #RevokeA50 This is a perfectly good option, given that your #Brexit project is undeliverable #WhatDoYouSay, ?
Watching MP’s having to work to a 2 year Brexit deadline has been embarrassing. It’s shown the political system up for what it is, self serving and useless. This time they’ve not been able to kick the can down the road like has always been done with housing, health and education.
Loose canon
He's just not a viable alternative, without a viable alternative to brexit. Both parties need change at the top. Without change within Labour there's zero chance of an early election
Will Britain's government fall after devastating Brexit defeat? And 9 more things to know for Wednesday
Lost in all the turmoil in the US and UK is the fact Putin is riding an incredible wave of success. He’s accomplishing what he’s long strived to do: destroy western democracies from within.
I hope Brexit succeeds so that the Brits will not be under the socialist, globalist thumb of the European Union.
Why would anyone vote for Jeremy Corbyn if there's a general election when he refuses to give any details about what the Labour party would do regarding Brexit... or anything!? It's crazy that a 'no policy' approach could even have a chance...
I have no idea what is happening with brexit
'Great theatre – but tragic': Europe's media reacts in horror to May defeat
Shame about the Brexit propaganda! Have to find somewhere else to eat next Stansted trip!
Jeremy Corbyn, doing what Theresa May could never do: Uniting the Conservatives.
An opportunity exists to go back to the EU and secure a proper brexit, one the honours the referendum result and Tory manifesto of leaving the EU and customs union. In reality I feel EU will only make minor concessions, as such #WTObrexit followed by trade deal only viable option
Yep. He replied with a don’t think the Libdems will ever do very well. To which I finished with, “well I’m determined to make sure they do”. He’s man who deals with contracts and does detail. But he can’t accept the GFA stops the dream Brexit. Cognitive dissonance.
If we were in charge at the last election then we would have got a great trading deal arranged and probably have left by now. The Brexit mess the Tories have created and their failure to secure an acceptable withdrawal agreement has made No Deal more likely.
The latest The Daily! Thanks to #1yrago #brexit
As if London (england) isn't going through enough right now. Now we have monsters?!!! #Brexit
Having our communal hallways painted. A vote declared a new colour to be picked (it got 100% of the 2/9 votes cast), but the service agents opted for a repeat of the old one. Which just goes to show, a governing body *can* overrule an advisory vote #Brexit
Given that you will be asking for my vote in Midlothian should Labour get their wish of a general election can you please confirm whether the Labour manifesto will support delivering Brexit or cancelling Article 50?
First time since 1864 that a proposed treaty was defeated. Almost like Wellington losing to Napoleon. British Prime Minister Theresa May suffers devastating defeat on key Brexit vote
So true, and so much waste and suffering resulting: Brexit has created a 'lost generation' of public services
DealBook Briefing: ‘Brexit’ Deal Fails; What’s Next for Britain?
We were told that Brexit was the best thing ever
Europhile: UK HAS NO TECHNICAL KNOWLEDGE! Me: 1939, A4 Mallard locomotive reached 126 mph (203 kph), fastest steam loco ever #Leave #Brexit
This is really good. But just as Bundesliga become so popular for England teenagers, Brexit will mean UK players under 18 can no longer sign for foreign clubs
Theresa May MP: Give People a Final Say on Brexit Deal - Sign the Petition! via
Brexit uncertainty hits house purchases #housingmarket
Have heard people blaming the Brexit struggles on the UK assuming the EU is just a car that Germany drives before. Germany is influential yeah but a veto is a veto innit.
Steve Hilton: Original intent of Brexit - restoring freedom and sovereignty - buried by inept bureaucrats #FoxNews
No-Deal Brexit Would Be Really Bad For Scotch Whisky
Surely the right question to ask is not 'whose side are you on?' but 'how can we make it so that most of us are broadly on the same side?'. I really thought we'd done this stuff in political pre-school. More fool me.
A simple question Laura. EU will put Brexit on hold for a GE and all parties can then campaign with their plan for Brexit and let the people decide. Why is running scared?
Brexit vote: 'Are we witnessing Britain's biggest political crisis of modern times? Absolutely yes.'
As hard as Brexit apparently is!
The news was bored of brexit so they came to film our mini athletes instead this morning! #news #athletics
She believes that the ones who voted against Brexit withdrawal bill will not against in a vote of no confidence. I'm sure every MP got a call from the whips this morning g and the DUP got another blank cheque which shows utter incompetence from the May government. #nothigschanged
Euro and Brexit can surely be undone, and Trump can be not re-elected. The disaster that the Iraq War was seems to be qualitatively different in this sense.
Oooh, I've not been this active on Twitter since #Eurovision #Brexit #StillUsingTwitterEvenThoughImNotTweeting #AreYouProudOfMeTom
MP for Maidstone during today’s PMQs
Listening to members of the Government executive in interviews on the media, I am struck by how utterly unrealistic, incompetent and clueless they are. Full of bullshit, they started on the wrong track and cannot now see a way to switch without failing to deliver Brexit.
I forgot NovichokGate! What a wastrel. And #Corbyn has the nerve to tell #TheresaMay to step down? #PMQs #Brexit #NoConfidence #LabourAntisemitism
That is the most twisted logic I have seen for ages. Won't vote Labour cos of brexit, happy to see austerity and brexit continue under Tories. Mad.
May suffered the biggest parliamentary defeat inflicted on a British government in modern times... News with MP3, video to practice Spanish. #May #UK #Brexit #TheresaMay #Español #Spanish #Espanhol #ELE #LearnSpanish #WednesdayMotivation #FelizMiércoles
Due 'uk constitutional process' (as EU required) was followed for uk to trigger A50, with Labour solidly agreeing to it. Now Labour can't even answer a Fundamental question ... so why extend ?
WARNING! CIVIL DISOBEDIENCE IN PUTNEY! #Brexit @ West Putney, London
If it actually *is* about Brexit, I will projectile vomit inside the theater.
The latter!
Some of the ways all this Brexit talk affect a Nigerian is that: -The British would ultimately be strict on visa applications especially from countries like Nigeria which has large visa applicants to the UK. So if you're considering moving to the UK, hmm it may be a bit tougher
BBC England in Wales dinnae ken it's a ddadl
#HardRemain No Brexit No Monarchy No Sterling NO BLUE PASSPORTS!!!!!
Destabilizing the west is Putin's goal. He has been backing far right parties in many countries, causing chaos. Between #Brexit and the #BorderWall he pretty much has the U.S. and U.K. both shut down. Trump and are Putin's stooges, if they realize it or not.
‘People were LIED to’ Macron attacks ‘manipulated’ Brexit vote after May’s deal rejected
May and Corbyn need to resign Carl, neither are the answer to sorting Brexit as both want to remain.
Are these people for real??? Just shows you the average MP really doesn’t live on planet earth, get the champers open Jeeves the country is on its arse #hurrah
Stuuupid! You are a media house for crying out loud and an internationally respected one at that. Don't you have editors? Employ some Africans to do African stories. Your Western journalists can deal with #Brexit and #Trump
I don't know what's more fucked right now, Brexit or Arsenal.
I for one am pleased to see Corbyn going for no confidence. Anything that runs the clock down towards a no deal brexit is a winner
Diane, I would like you and Jeremy to succeed but, in the light of the current Tory Brexit crisis, the excellent opportunity to achieve power by pushing for is quickly vanishing. There is no “jobs first Brexit”.
We have delay division and chaos already. Didn’t #May notice?!?!? She’s beyond belief
Wat wil happen now I wonder with brexit
Jeremy Corbyn is only a scipt reading shouting mouth peace .Great to critise everybody when he continually fails to set out his Brexit policy If he thinks that numbet 10 could ever be his new home then he should look for streets outside of London
Jeremy Corbyn is an absolute beg! Nothing of the national interest at heart and only interested in power! If that man ever gets into number 10 then this nation will be well and truly f*cked! The people voted and now you must enforce that will. #BREXIT #NoConfidenceMotion
Brexit #ThingsThatAreBadForYourHealth
We dedicate this fantastic rock song from . to all #british politicians working on #Brexit You are such a liars, such a liars... Deny, you are such a liars... #BrexitDeal #BrexitVote #brexitdebate #BrexitChaos
Man, life was sweet in the non-Brexit times
BBCNEWS 5:46am CONFIDENCE VOTE DEBATE. Covbyn: Govt no' capable of winning support for Brexit plan CONFIDENCE VOTE DEBATE. Losing...
"The whole of the ERG will back the PM in the VONC". The ERG have already proved their "loyalty" to the PM when they called a VONC a few weeks ago and 117 Tories voted against her. How long will their loyalty last if May moves towards a softer Brexit to cling on to power?
The first five year plan has achieved its targets five years early.
A #PeoplesVote respect the leave result. It is NOT about changing that. It is about the terms on which we leave. If anything, giving people the power to have a say in what Brexit really means protects democracy.
Thing is if Britain does have brexit there wont be unrest in the work force as there's not enough strong unions and most people won't have jobs anyway.
brexit should be settled with a bake-off.
James O'Brien Explains Why May Is To Blame Over Brexit Deadlock, Not The EU via
Tell us something we don’t know - what are the ramifications of Brexit defeat on jersey based gbp holders, does this put Zug on the attack? Jersey has been hedgefund paradise for years
'It's a shambles' #brexit &amp; #PeoplesVote. Will people really make a more informed choice the second time around?
Yes David! High time Jeremy Corbyn got back to his senses and stop being blindly selfish
#Brexit vote: Why the landslide defeat of Theresa May's deal matters to the U.S.
Ditching May won’t solve Brexit mess
Where's the incentive for the #EU to offer concessions on the WA when it thinks it can see the #Brexit bus reversing towards Brussels?
For once, I'm actually glad the GOP exists in the form it does. When one party gets all the evil and stupid ideas in one place, it's pretty easy to organize against evil and stupidity: vote for the other party. But with Brexit, LAB and CON both have Leave and Remain wings.
Benefits rule changes could cost pensioners in UK thousands a year The Government slipped this one in on Brexit vote day!! Surprise!
And while we're at it, here's a free unicorn and six pellet burners for everyone. #BinLid
URGENT ATTENTION OF ALL MEMBERS OF PARLIAMENT - REVOKING OR EXTENDING 'ARTICLE 50' NOT REQUIRED. IT IS ALREADY UNLAWFUL:
Government ‘sneaks out’ £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote
Theresa May’s Brexit Deal is defeated by the biggest margin
Hmmmm any candidates in mind? Btw thank you for my inclusion and for a highly HIGHLY entertaining thread which is distracting me from Brexit!
For light relief from Brexit I’m watching a documentary about Candian cat shows and looking at this.
Absolutely damning of that Mrs May can say in #PMQs that no one has a clue what line - if any - he would take on Brexit in a general election.
A what-next #Brexit explainer from the BBC.
UK PM #TheresaMay on #BrexitVote: General election would mean delaying #Brexit.
Ford says it's not expecting a no deal Brexit while CEOs of both Aston Martin and Bentley said yesterday they were prepping for one -- flying in parts, using different ports etc. I guess you can be more flexible when you make 11k cars a year....
#pmqs #wednesdaymotivation for a Brexit #peoplesvote
not just both...other parties have contributed to the mess, by using Brexit to further their own aims, notably SNP and UKIP.
Come on get em down
A question for those who think about #metaphor and #framing in culture and politics. What informs choices like 'clean' to describe a Brexit for Britain on WTO terms, aka 'hard' Brexit?
Hi Doug . Well done matey: Lenin would have been proud of you for having helped to create the biggest political mess that the uk has ever faced. Job only half done. Next step full Brexit which will bring unemployment and the most left wing labour government the UK has ever seen!
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
Smart guide to how the various Brexit factions voted and what they want — by
Steve Baker’s proposal:
Theresa May’s Brexit offer to MPs branded ‘ludicrous’ for ignoring Corbyn
This guy has cracked it - I think this is the compromise that gets what everyone wants...
I was hoping to write it but I didn’t have the words - hoping to get a longer piece up soon - until then try this
World stocks hold nerve after May’s Brexit defeat, pound steady
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK - CNNPolitics
The EU doesn't want to shoot itself in the foot just as much as the UK. The EU will wait for a second Brexit vote.
Why an 'accidental' Brexit could be the best thing for the UK via
We very much are however there should of been a continuity plan for both outcomes and there was not. I genuinely feel if it was lead the right way then brexit would of and could of worked
brexit mobile tower defence game
The problem is Corbyn. Get him fixed; and BREXIT is dead. An honest majority of MPs are against BREXIT. They always were.
Maybe MPs salaries should be withheld until they come up with a solution to the shambles which is Brexit, because they are surely not doing their job
Isn't it amazing what happens when they see the threat of No Deal? #BREXIT LIVE: EU facing CIVIL WAR as German leader calls for DIRECT talks with May
Britian needs a decision on substance.
Indeed. There's a strong argument not prevalent at present due to general cowardice from MPs and others that the Brexit mandate is dead. How long,what actions need to be taken before a referedum has expired? Its had numerous deaths +we know have confirmation we can just revoke
I demand #Independence and will #vote many times says but will vote against anyone else wanting it! #Brexit
Oh dear Julia, you need to take your Brexit blinkers off
With the numerous conflicting views on Brexit, a parliamentary consensus on Brexit is impossible. So where now for Brexit? It’s simple - NO BREXIT. It has already taken up too much time and public resources. The focus is no longer on knife crime, unemployment, NHS etc but Brexit!
Mike Russell says there is "not an ounce of shame" among Tory MSPs about "the greatest ever defeat" of a government at Westminster - they "continue to posture in the face of the facts". PM's "red lines" must change if any progress is to be made on Brexit.
its not just the #tories record on #brexit which why they're facing a #NoConfidenceVote #noconfidence
A politician confirming that black is white, a mandate is no mandate, and that voters are stupid to trust their MPs
Just another lying scoundrel. The Guardian is welcome to him.
You’ve changed your tune! Does Corbyn scare you that much? Not fond of the man but if he’s so scary to you maybe GE is the answer! If you don’t want a GE then let people have a proper vote without your Russian pals influence this time! Now that ppl can see what the hell brexit is
State of these lying bastards
British PM Theresa May should opt for no-deal Brexit: Nile Gardiner #FoxBusiness bye bye limeys, good riddance!
Gina Miller says a second Brexit referendum is the “most practical, logical, commons sense” thing to do - and she wants the Labour frontbench to support it
Theresa May has repeated AGAIN that 80% of people who voted in the 2017 election backed brexit because Corbyn backed brexit, The truth is Corbyn had a surge in support because he was pro EU but abandoned it straight after the result.CORBYN NEEDS TO BE CLEAR TODAY WHERE HE STANDS
It’s now time for MPs to quickly reach out across political divides to break the deadlock in Parliament. If the Government survives today and then we should give the public the final say on the Brexit deal with a peoplesvote_uk. #peoplesvote #brexit
Is Nicola frontbon standby, tonparaphrase Dennis Skinner? #Omnishambles
far as we know of the Germans at this point they already have plan B, C, D, E ... The British in the United Kingdom are shaking their heads, unable to close an agreement for Brexit that they themselves started. And it will roll the head of Thereza May to begin ...
The West Brits are at it again
Finally - sense on #Brexit!
#voteofconfidence already Tory saying he is first &amp; last a Conservative! Herein lies the #Brexit shambles. Power hungry &amp; self interested few
cc in case you did not see this already.
Just proves why you don't like BREXIT.
May says she doesn't know Labour's policies on Brexit. I have heard and understood that their plan includes a customs union and access to a single market. I understand it why doesn't she? Is she not listening or is she just thick? #NoConfidence
Are you seriously asking me what the Labour party's six tests for Brexit are?
If you are going to tweet anything about Brexit then please block me now
Concentrate on knife crime in London please. We have enough people informing us on Brexit.
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
(True story, but I can't take credit for the Brexit analogy - that was )
The idea was that people who voted for Brexit, where voting to free the UK from the shackles of the EU, not for "let's trash everything we have built up and start again, in the hope we can survive"! But they still cant see this and are now relying on the Dunkirk spirit!
URGENT ATTENTION OF ALL MEMBERS OF PARLIAMENT - REVOKING OR EXTENDING 'ARTICLE 50' NOT REQUIRED. IT IS ALREADY UNLAWFUL:
"Johnson, speaking as always like a Taiwanese news animation of Winston Churchill. " this (and so much more like this) is why we are lucky to have Marina in our lives, weep for yourselves Europeans you are going to miss her.
Hold a Second Brexit Referendum
#wato Brexit is too big/complex for either ego to succeed. It wouldn't matter who's in power! Time you both respectively stopped sitting atop wobbly parties. Be maverick - Pull out a miracle: find COMMON CAUSE! Opposition is NOT COMPETITION!!
That's not true. Nobody speaks of Gibraltar except on the few days where the Spanish government had to give its agreement on the Brexit outcome. You have to deal with t fact that it was a Spanish territory conquered by UK without a declaration of war, its original citizens sacked
An example would be the Japan-EU FTA and the gradual reduction of tariffs on car exports to the EU over 7 or 8 years from 10% to 0%. On Brexit, no-one know what we will be implementing.
Weneed a peoples vote NOW
The only reason why can keep claiming (untruthfully) that over 80% of voters in the last GE voted for parties that supported Brexit is that Labour have to admit this is true.
See what you did there was mix up the linear concept of time, putting indyref AFTER EU ref. That is the opposite of factual. Because it suggests Scotland voted to remain in UK AFTER Brexit vote, which is, of course, a LIE! Things change. Time moves on. Scotland voted for indy...
the referendum result CANNOT be implemented as the #Brexit that was promised cannot be delivered. there is no mandate for #TheresaMay's deal or for no deal. time for MPs to do their job, do the best thing for the UK and #StopBrexit
Isn’t everything about Brexit though?
Helen Grant: If we don't deliver Brexit, won't public perception of politicians be at an all-time low? LOL it's already terrible
Little Britain
Dear #UK, Pls consider the impact of a failed #Brexit deal - will rip you apart. Whether or not is to be blamed will come later.
This is one of the million dollar questions about #brexit on which the public are currently not receiving any answers...
I doubt the EU will drop its oblique demand for a customs union. The tweet below is where I stand on Brexit now - given no deal will simply not happen with May as PM, we should revoke article 50 and have May replaced by and a radical Tory gov
PM May taking Q after Brexit Deal Vote; faces No-Confidence &amp; Calls for Gen Election - LIVE! Here you go:
Only a General election can extend Article 50!! And here is why...
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
Live | PM Theresa May is facing stark choices: Steer the country toward an abrupt break from the EU without a deal on their future relations, or try to nudge it toward a softer departure. For more updates:
British PM Suffers Historic Defeat As Brexit Crisis Deepens
British PM Suffers Historic Defeat As Brexit Crisis Deepens
They need to get this pointless vote done and get on with sorting out plan B via Cross party discussion (Something that should have been happening since day one) Tic-Tock! #brexit #Parliament
When you just say the option is we’re leaving the eu, people will have a hundred different ideas of what that means which has meant complete chaos. The government should have made a consensus before the referendum on how brexit would be managed.
What does she think we have now? Wheat fields?
Looking forward to appearing on at 10am to discuss the Brexit cluster**** with and
"We'll survive" really isn't the optics I'd being going for if I wanted to sell No Deal to the country. Especially with the comparison to those three catastrophes.
While we are whining about Trump and Brexit and Bolsonaro, much larger and REAL problems are about to strike:
The legal position regarding Brexit is that we are leaving the EU on the 29th of March with or, as seems increasingly likely, without a deal. I fully expect the government to survive the vote of confidence later on today. We just need to get to the end of March.
#brexit is not really about brexit - it is a generalised crisis of the ruling class, where profit rates are still stagnant despite eternal #austerity
Blocked me on my last account and blocked me on this one so someone please tell this talentless cunt that his impressions are absolutely pathetic I’m a postman and I can do a better dyche impression
DealBook Briefing: ‘Brexit’ Deal Fails; What’s Next for Britain? - #LatestComments
pay attention America. the outcome of this will have huge consequences, expected and unexpected #Brexit
Not a good look, trying for a vote of no confidence when even Corbynista Remainers despair for the Brexit that Corbyn wants, when outside that circle of activists nobody has confidence in Corbyn.
Incredible. May arguing a General Election would deepen division and waste time in implementing brexit. This from the PM who opportunistically called a snap General Election doing both those things. #PMQs
Indeed, snuck out the day before Brexit vote to ensure no one would come across it
So lets #StopBrexitSaveBritain #Brexit #PeoplesVote #secondreferendum #BrexitVote
CARTOON WORLD BREXIT
If there is a 2nd ref, remain should NOT be an option because we have already voted to leave. A 2nd ref should just decided what type of brexit.
Brexit is a Russian plot. Just like trump
This is what happens when a Xenophobic public is fed a bunch of lies and is then slapped with a fistful of cold reality. The only answer now if for the UK to hold another vote and stay in the EU.
Hold a Second Brexit Referendum STAY IN THE EU! Don't let the populist lies cloud your decision!
Tories - “Corbyn needs to tell us what his Brexit position is.” Also Tories - “Jeremy isn’t invited to the table to discuss Brexit.” #brexit #TheresaMayResign
Neither May’s government or Corbin are listening to what the people want. They are both intent on Brexit to suit their own desires. Labour need to get rid of if they want to win an election.
Thank you, Trumpettes everywhere! This one’s for YOU: Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
EA's 2-Minute Video: Here's What Will Happen w #Brexit … … …
THIS IS MORE THAN BREXIT Brexit has just given us the opportunity to remove May and displayed their complete incompetence. Thousands of disabled have died waiting for benefits. Universal credit. Police have been cut in their thousands, leading to rising (knife) crime.
‘NO RENEGOTIATION’ Merkel smashes Brexit hopes and says Article 50 extension is ‘FICTION’,
You're the first one to mention it. But you can stay if you don't do it again! #1pmChat
Sadly, my partner's cousin did the same - I asked why she voted Brexit when her 3 sons all work for foreign companies and her husband works for a company that operates Europe-wide dismantling oil rigs and infrastructure, her reply was "to kick out the Muslims" I utterly despair
Well said. Worst scenario would be an election and a Deep State stitch up #Tavistock Scam to insert AmberTurinBilderbergMonticelloRudd in as PM in a Soros Roland Rudd funded Chuka/Rudd UnDemocratic Remain Party. #FindTheManInTheBlackCap
All the labour mouthpieces saying an general election is easier to organise than a referendum completely missing the point. If it was about ease we could have a twitter poll Brexit.
'A perfectly engineered catastrophe': artists speak out after Theresa May’s Brexit deal is crushed by parliament :
"A General Election is not in the peoples interest" #PM #TheresaMay. Not really one person's decision that then is it? That would be the definition of 'Dictatorship'. #Brexit #Democracy
Government ‘sneaks out’ £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of #Brexit vote #NoConfidenceMotion #Skypapers #PoliticsLive #Newsnight #Bbcpapers #C4news
‘NO RENEGOTIATION’ Merkel smashes Brexit hopes and says Article 50 extension is ‘FICTION’...
May should go. She has failed. The tories should call an election. Its they that created this mess. Neither will happen I know. They will cling on until a hard exit happens. Time to start stocking up the food #Brexit
#bbcnews #Brexit Of for fucks sake I am sick of the moronic #Toriesout words. spending record amounts of money. The only records they are breaking is Deaths Homeless Poverty Crime
What Gavin actually wanted to say is eff off and let someone competent do the job. Thanks.
Dear Brexit, what's next?
Bigger than Brexit
After two long years after recklessly voting with the government to trigger #Article50 despite knowing they had no plan, my MP finally emerges from her Brexit bunker.
As we look forward to a prosperous 2019, customers can be confident that whatever happens QBE is #Brexit ready!
Still hoping you can explain a little more fully your earlier comment that Brexit represents "overt racism", Femi.
Dont forget the Brussels formula: keeping voting until we deliver the result the eurocrats want
Controversial. But she has a point. WW2 use in the context of BREXIT is ridiculous. We had the help of 15 other Allies during The Blitz if memory serves. I've been involved in Wars, does my view make me more important &amp; worthy than a 25 yr old Brickie? NO it doesn't
Brexit chaos is fine however, how election chaos? Nah that’s too much chaos.
Watching the UK news right now after a down vote on #Brexit What happens now?
IP &amp; Brexit: See the guide on the future of intellectual property (IP) laws following the decision that the UK will leave the European Union (EU). #Brexit
Theresa May Just Suffered a Historic Defeat on Brexit—Now What?
May's Thatcher impression gets more and more refined on the surface. Underneath, they are very different. Thatcher was motivated by ideology. She believed in things. May is only concerned with staying in her job from week to week. #brexit
Tánaiste expects 10mil. Breaking proportions down relative to current ROI/NI pop it leaves us with 7.1mil. Reason to think it would skew heavily ROI (lower NI migrant intake thus far, Brexit etc). ROI immigrant population is underestimated rn which effects projections. So 8-ish
And they’re probably all representing a Brexit constituency. Undemocratic politicians in parliament make me sick.
Wenger and #Brexit are the same. People wanted him out, Now they don't like the out come they want him back. I say no, He is gone we move forward.
Most Brexiteers don’t really want to leave the EU (they barely know what it means). They just want chaos. They want an excuse to channel their anger and racism. That’s why they say and actual chance to leave (PM’s Deal) is like remaining.
What’s in your Brexit buffet this evening? I’ve got , and ...oh and many many fries #bestofbritish #friesnotfrenchfries #brexitmeansbreakfast
When stopping Brexit is absolutely definitely for certain your top priority.
Sounds to me that she's trying to revive the corpse that is her deal, and maybe her dead reputation. Lazarus Brexit anybody? She is the wrong person to be managing this complex situation needing cooperation. The Hard Right chose her. #FBPE
Labour is a democratic member led party, not a dictatorship, something to be proud of. Conference debated Brexit in Sept 18 and passed policy on the sequence of events. Corbyn has dutifully followed that, it is clear and unambiguous but inconvenient for your narrative.
So hard Brexit? Damn. No second referendum?
Interesting that Britain has voted for self-government, sovereignty and economic independence from an unelected, controlling central EU government. Sound familiar. British Colonies in new world chose the same in 1776. A hard Brexit is not all bad.
Steve Hilton: Original intent of Brexit - restoring freedom and sovereignty - buried by inept bureaucrats #FoxNews
There’s not much point in holding a general election when both main parties are basically offering similar versions of the same chaos: Brexit or Brexit! We need a #PeoplesVote to get us out of this national embarrassment, not a general election! #PMQs
I can’t be the only person who’d like to see lead the Labour Party? (That Jeremy Corbyn has been unable to capitalise on the last 2 years clusterfuck is the only measure you need of his leadership). Come on people.
It’s just typical Tory to push something like that through whilst the Brexit shit has every one distracted. The “caring party”.
Although many votes for Labour were precisely anti-Brexit votes in the mistaken belief that Labour, the the only viable opposition party, would get the hint and oppose.
The unelected DUP are holding this country hostage because they want a no-deal Brexit. Leavers surely didn't vote to be governed by the fucking DUP. They and the ERG are truly the enemies of the people.
She's playing game of chicken with EU &amp; MP's. Closer 29/03/19 gets she'll expect either EU OR MPs to budge &amp; back her deal. It's an official tactic now. Either that or the covert Tory Brexit policy is actually a hard brexit via letting clock run down &amp; then blaming everyone else.
Jog on. Idiot.
UK PM May's statement to parliament after Brexit vote defeat - Reuters
Is #Brexit frustrating? That's what the High Court is being asked in #CanaryWharf v the European Medicines Agency - listen to our guide to the major issues involved.
URGENT ATTENTION OF ALL MEMBERS OF PARLIAMENT - REVOKING OR EXTENDING 'ARTICLE 50' NOT REQUIRED. IT IS ALREADY UNLAWFUL:
I wonder if Gary has even seen the new packet design. Looks very British. Almost like Walkers are saying they are Pro-Brexit.
If the UK (along with Germany) is the "primary economic engine) of the EU- how, pray tell, would the UK be injured by Brexit? It would arguably be a fiscally prudent, strategic decision. All I've read is unfounded, catastrophic predicting.
Very naughty of westmonster to misrepresent that poll. The question was what do you want to happen next.. and the most popular option was....remain at 28% :). Talk about shooting yourself in the foot! Link to poll here
Yes. NO DEAL BREXIT
'A perfectly engineered catastrophe': artists speak out after Theresa May’s Brexit deal is crushed by parliament :
The credit rating which we all thought couldn't get worse than immediately post brexit becomes junk. Obviously I won't see any of this because I will have been hung from a lamppost by one of his momentum militia or will be in a camp for writing this post 3/3
The is is hugging the concrete promenade #RussiaGate #russua #Russia #travel #visitrussia #Travelers #Balticsea #OST #Brexit
I'm a Corbyn supporter and yes most of us are pissed off with the situation, however the only thing keeping Corbyn as leader of the Labour party is his overwhelming support from party members and a majority of them support Brexit. He wants Brexit but so do most of his base.
I was thinking last night, it seems that there will be no brexit because no policy framework for it can be agreed on. Politics is the art of the possible. Brexit is looking less &amp; less possible. There is no acting consensus, just a feeling.
It what way has the EU been 'badly adapted' ? #PeoplesVote #Brexit
'PMQs showed pig-headed Theresa May's Brexit Plan B is Plan A in a cheap wig'
Would be a bit more than that.msny of us ordinary citizens have met and we are not happy with the delay of brexit. We can control our streets there is a lot of money available some has been spent. We shall see what happens before triggering ......
Good
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
Why is a central banker doing color commentary on short-term market movements?
May just lost Brexit vote by huge margins, but the British people still largely support her. She’s likely to survive a no confidence vote soon. Why? She has bargained tirelessly, in good faith, unlike trump &amp; McConnell who can’t/won’t govern.
I do not support #Brexit and am indifferent to the referendum ‘result’. I don’t have to abandon my beliefs because there is a majority against me. #stopbrexit
Jeremy Corbyn doesn't want to talk about Brexit, just his power grab, Lib Dems, SNP and Welsh Nationalists all want to remain. What's the point in talking to them?
I’m sadly not suprised by your lack of spine or Britishness,to ‘crack on’ in the face of ‘hard Brexit’ adversity! Any pain will be short lived; and as the “Minister for Suicide” you should know, when you’re at rock bottom, the only way is up! #AlwaysALittleFurther #VeteranSuicide
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
Theresa May omits Jeremy Corbyn from cross-party Brexit talks Then talks should be withheld until he is included
#Macron explains #Brexit.
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK - CNN via
Another EU puppet had many meetings with them to destroy Brexit.
#Brexit vote defeat: Theresa May's 'plan B' options explained.
An offer was made. An offer was rejected. Take it with dignity! #Brexit #TheresaMay #JunckerEU #EU_commission
OUR FRONT PAGE: More Labour MPs join campaign to force Corbyn to back new Brexit referendum. Read more:
THREAD: The comprehensive #BrexitVote defeat for Theresa May’s #Brexit deal in the House of Commons highlights the urgency for the Government to step up engagement with trade unions in planning for a no-deal scenario.” -
It was May's deal that was voted on not Brexit numpty. Brexit goes ahead on 29th March with no deal, that's what was voted for.
please prove that the British people still want you to deliver #brexit.
“SIPTU representatives have been consistently highlighting the adverse impact of Brexit, whether soft or hard, on workers in Ireland.”
“The union represents tens of thousands of workers in Agri-food, road transport, retail and wholesale, which are among the sectors most vulnerable to a no-deal Brexit.”
Extension inevitable? Why not? Everything else has been predictable about #brexit hasn't it?
I have been a Labour voter all my life (66) but I have also admired Ken Clarke. I would love to persuade him that Socialism is the new Blue
“The need for action to protect people at work who may find themselves on a short-term working week or subject to redundancy or other workplace changes arising from Brexit is missing from the debate.”
“A no deal Brexit threatens labour, environmental &amp; social standards secured by working people over recent decades. The Govt must be resolute in its determination to prevent these being eroded as the result of the actions of reckless British legislators.” -
The only man who can sort out brexit! #
Theresa May omits Jeremy Corbyn from cross-party Brexit talks
Public belief in the government has been lost - its response to public services, housing the economy and to the referendum result No evidence of loss of belief in
The British Media Empty Promise of 2018 award goes to 's advert "Brexit, find out what it'll mean for you with BBC News" Despite watching every day for nine months they still haven't, and still can't tell me what Brexit means. #Brexit #PMQs #WednesdayWisdom
We're offering BREXIT cheer up deals for all our bookers placing a deposit in Jan or Feb! Charleston yourself happy! Contact via site for details. #BrexitChaos #cheer #Brexitdeal #Charleston #vintagedaysout #henparty #partyideas
"Now [Theresa May] has to go hat in hand to Brussels to see if she can work some magic there. Spoiler alert: She almost certainly cannot."
Theresa May omits Jeremy Corbyn from cross-party Brexit talks
This. Exactly this! #Brexit
From The Economist Espresso: Losing it: the Brexit vote
Excellent thread!
Hi Uncle Jon. Yesterday published it's plans on TAX AVOIDANCE. It conclusively proved that #Brexit was definitely cooked up by Tories and Nigel Farage; so UK could stay a TAX HAVEN. The EU publishing it's anti Tax Avoiding plans is definitely a positive for People.
As Brexit deal goes down in flames, exasperated Europe wonders what the Britons want
It is as if Theresa May has her absolutes on Brexit happening on THAT day........
Just took my blind Nan into Greggs. “WHICH OF THE SAUSAGE ROLLS HAS ACTUAL MEAT IN IT?” she cries. Place erupts. Limbs everywhere. Gillette aerosols are used as celebratory flamethrowers. Brexit’s back on lads. Up the 2019.
Want to escape from the news? Why not hide in this soft hand knitted cowl, ready for this Arctic cold wave to come? #brexit #handmadefashion #valentines #giftidea #slowfashion #winteressential #etsyundiscovered #handmadehour #shoplocal #upcycledyarn
"Theresa May says general election now is worst thing we could do" Because Theresa May Lose... "Mayday, Mayday" #TheresaMay #Brexit #uk
Words fail me. Absolutely disgusting. #PeoplesVote
Wooden performance from Corbyn. This confidence vote simply shines a light on his opportunism and lack of clarity on Brexit. Tories finally starting to rally effectively behind May. #ConfidenceVote
Britisk classic om #Brexit:
Brexit Bulletin: The Depth of Defeat - Bloomberg
Spot on and in the vanguard of complaining Remainers who think we can’t MANAGE this stuff
British politics goes over a cliff
yeah and we need a strong opposition to Brexit which is a complete and utter disaster, a hideous racist philistine insular travesty. Can you plus do a coup and #cancelbrexit?
Creator- A job where every time creativity required to develop every kind of work and its segments or we can say profile development and drawing policies for the organization. Kindly give me work for above-mentioned profile. With best regards. Lokesh Madan. 09314080041.
This is what the #EUArmy is for... When the local police no longer have the stomach for it... Shocking Police Brutality at Yellow Vests Protests #YellowVest #GiletsJaunes #Brexit #EU
What with Grieve tabling bill for 2nd referendum, at least the masks are coming off.
In fact, this is exactly what Owen Patterson used to say. Here before the referendum n 2015. He said 4.5-5 million jobs due to the Single Market/EEA. We can be really big players in EEA/EFTA post-Brexit.
We also want that one off payment back from him that paid him for helping her with her botched Brexit "agreement"
Artist protests outside #parliament #Brexit
Last point - that #Brexit vote was interfered with - important.
Brexit Must be put Back to the People
Well, it is the dumbest option, so of course
Let me fix that for you. Russia's Lavrov, speaking out in a rare moment of truth, said "we're not rubbing our hand with glee over Brexit, we're jumping with joy &amp; popping corks on champagne bottles."
Mr Cameron, I was a Conservative Party patron for 40 years. Not any more, EVER. YOU FUC*ED......Own it #peoplesvote
This man knows how to capitalise on the moment at hand. Love how weird this is. He’s gonna get booked at loads of shitty political events now.
I generally don't know what is more confusing, #Brexit or #Arsenal self inflicted implosion.
Taking back control? Brexit seems to offer exactly the opposite
"The EU says it was horrified by the the defeat of the Brexit deal but said there was no option to renegotiate" #GoodNews #Brexit #EU #EU27 #EUBudget #ECB #Eurozone #Brexit
Latest News WTO rules: What happens if there's a no-deal Brexit?
A GE doesn't resolve the Brexit impasse. It might not even change the government, and even if it did I'm not convinced Labour would negotiate a deal that MPs would get behind either.
Huge missed opportunity. May should have formed a brexit team consisting of cross party MPs , business leaders and employee representatives to formulate the withdrawal agreement and brexit deal. Government one removed and take proposals to EU. Still time for no deal formulation.
Well since I called bith brexit and Trump....yes. Yes I do.
here's an idea. I'd be more than happy with a 2nd referendum, provided all remain MPs who have blocked Brexit thus far, immediately resign if the nation continues to disagree with them. If they are that far out of touch with public opinion, they hve no business being in office
Petition: Brexit re article 50 it must not be suspended/stopped under any circumstances
I think an issue is there could be a majority for "a" softer brexit. The issue breakdown comes when someone asks which one. Each of their motivations represents a different red line. Tax policies for Jacob, Immigration for Farage and co, customs standards for US deals
A Short History of Brexit by Kevin O’Rourke review – a devastating account
Brexit vote: 'Are we witnessing Britain's biggest political crisis of modern times? Absolutely yes.'
Saving their necks. That is all.
Petition: Walk away now! We voted for a No Deal Brexit
Hi Owen Well done matey: Lenin would have been proud of you for having helped to create the biggest political mess that the uk has ever faced. Job only half done. Next step full Brexit which will bring unemployment and the most left wing labour government the UK has ever seen!
Just making sure is LORD is safe............
Mr Stakeholder: As Brexit blows up again, makes a bid to dominate the airwaves
Only a General election can extend Article 50!! And here is why...
This is about time that someone put the end to this Tories Brexit project and abandon the whole thing. It has already damaged British economy and politics enough. #Brexit #endBrexit #StopBrexit
Article 50 can be *revoked* (but not postponed) unilaterally via
Having resolved to take a cross-Parliamentary approach to Brexit only yesterday, 73 days before 29 March, we must conclude that the Prime Minister is temperamentally ill-suited to the job in which she finds herself.
That’s the other issue which you might not have heard with all the Brexit/Remain shouting going on - you have to implement the first referendum before a second can take place.
This metaphor...
“Remember, every single major issue in our history is one where you might be right or wrong. Appeasement before the second world war, we might be right or wrong. Suez, we might be right or wrong.” Brexit certainly belongs in this company of things clearly wrong lmao.
The default option is to leave without a deal and leave we will #Brexit
no mandate, worst pm in history and a total liar.
Well no. But if the UK union was a true partnership of equals England, Wales, Scotland &amp; N.I. would have a veto on matters of national importance in things like Brexit and military interventions. Sorry if I'm not explaining myself very well.
Is there a petition to stop this farce? #Brexit. Whichever way one voted this is a complete &amp; utter mess &amp; the charade needs to end. NOW.
Theresa May keeps attacking Jeremy Corbyn, plans to sideline him from cross-party Brexit talks — RT UK News
Today seems oddly appropriate to say that we’ll be doing our bit to buck the Brexit induced introspective navel gazing by posting interesting pieces from around the world that aren’t written in English. 1/2
I pointed out there was a majority against no deal, so it should be first off the table. There's only one Remain option, but many Brexits to be eliminated. Offer least unpopular Brexit against Remain to the country-wide majority that want a clear choice.
Brexit #ThingsThatAreBadForYourHealth
'God knows': Brexit vote leaves Irish border in limbo via
Mad how Shinners magically forget all about the part of the Good Friday Agreement that literally accepts the six counties as part of the U.K. when its time for some vapid, boring rhetoric.
I don't think he will. He'll table more motions of no confidence to avoid a second referendum. He's determined to Brexit.
Brexit vote won.
URGENT ATTENTION OF ALL MEMBERS OF PARLIAMENT - REVOKING OR EXTENDING 'ARTICLE 50' NOT REQUIRED. IT IS ALREADY UNLAWFUL:
'EU citizens in our employment make a major contribution... we couldn’t achieve the change we want to see without these colleagues.' Great news that are one of first charities to agree to pay £65 settled status fee for their EU employees
#wednesdaymotivation for a #brexit #peoplesvote
A vote so nice they trend it twice. #Brexit
How is a general election the best outcome for the country when the leader of the opposition is trying his best to ignore his own party's democraticly selected Brexit policy? via
Yeah...so why don't we all just come together and accept the reality of things....There IS going to be a Brexit (just refusing to compromise won't stop that) and we SHOULD build a wall...i'm sure there's a compromise in there somewhere.
3/ Why there is no talk of a crosspartisan government able to secure a consensus on #Brexit in national interest ?
Yes completely agree. If he had focussed on the govt making a Nodeal Brexit more likely, he would at least have had the smidgen of a chance that a Remainer Tory might think about supporting this. I realise it would still have been incredibly unlikely but Corbyn has made sure
Following last night’s defeat in the House of Commons, see our #Brexit checklist for guidance on how to mitigate risk: #meaningfulvote #PlanningforBrexit
Thank you for offering ZERO advice for Germans in the UK on your website or the links you provide from it. Germany through the must rescue, ring-fence, our rights now! #RescueOurRights cc:
Wouldn't trust the ERG - Rees-Mogg spunked his gammon cannon of no confidence early on remember.
If we end up having a referendum and having to vote on #Brexit again, I kind of am happy that this time people really will do their homework - which gives me faith that the voting will be educated and not based on ignorance or crowd following.
I think she's making a pretty good job of breaking #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Brexit: Treasurers advised to activate hard Brexit plans - via
Brexit and U.S. Government Shutdown Leaving Democracy in Limbo
Parliament is deadlocked. Brexit is in chaos. The people must now be given the chance to fix this mess. That's what's . Sign the petition at #LetUsDecide
"The enemies of decency in this country". He should be allowed to say it. But if you think that Tories are "enemies of decency" (rather than people who you disagree with) it is hardly surprising when you have "lynch the bastard" and activists calling for the PM to shoot herself.
Search on for Brexit consensus after May’s crushing defeat
British PM Theresa May to face a no-confidence vote after parliament rejects Brexit deal
An election will not settle this as you have not stated how you intend to sort out #Brexit . What is your plan for Brexit?
PM Faces Confidence Vote After Brexit Deal Rejected In Historic Defeat
All this brexit bullshit is overshadowing one important question that really needs answering.... Why is it that spreadable butter isn’t?? #breadsit #brokensandwich
Brexit may never happen and shouldn’t. Why? Because Putin wants to break up the European Union. EU is stronger together.
Is this the so-called "Hard Brexit"? Or something else?
I agree with your analysis that this will harden attitudes and a lawless Brexit is now the more likely outcome. However the views of the UK electorate are pretty near irrelevant as they will not be asked their opinion again.
"In this style 10/6."
Although I would love for Corbyn to back a #PeoplesVote , I would actually just take ANY clarity on his position with regards to Labour's approach to Brexit.
Only a General election can extend Article 50!! And here is why...
is that both left and right are divided over Brexit and any overt committment to the Remain position is a loser with voters. Both supported the Ref result in the last election. Even if you got your vote you would lose it - not that there's time without revoking Art50.
What about the difficulties faced in 2009, long before Brexit? What, if anything, has changed? All I can see is higher levies on diesel and a proposal to phase out petrol cars by 2040:
thread
DAX – Bank Shares Jump after Brexit Vote
The only sliver lining in this whole Brexit f#€kfest is that the world gets to see exactly what the DUP really are.
Nope we need a proper and affective Official Opposition that cares about the country and not just its party leader
MSM love to talk to accommodating minions. PUT AVIATION AUTHORITY on the hot seat in front of the nation with personally liable for what they say. NO NEW 'RULES of the AIR' have been negotiated to enable flights in or out of the UK. GOV must stop lying.
Is Rebecca Front on Standby...? To paraphrase Dennis Skinner #Omnishambles
so which publisher is going to be the first to throw out 'The Book of Brexit Analogies'. could be a Glossy, Xmas, paperback, leave in the toilet to read while you're having a dump, Bestseller
No it’s because your party would get it’s ass kicked!
100+ business people just signed a letter in favour of a WTO Brexit. Pls retweet to your MP.
No matter your views on #Brexit be it the #PeoplesVote or a #HardBrexit. The one Fact is that the government/mp's have failed us all no matter what point of view you take. I have 0 confidence in any of them, whether we leave or remain.
I wish they would have a REvote on Brexit.
When you realise the last PM to face a No-Confidence motion was John Major in the 1990s. Funny, that also was due to a row over Europe #Brexit #NoConfidence #TheresaMay
I’m actually surprised May isn’t seeing a second referendum as a strategy to break the parliamentary impasse and get her deal through. Then if ‘no deal’ won instead, her hands would be clean of the ensuing catastrophe. And if ‘no #Brexit’ won, everyone would be relieved!
Yeah that would be sick. Then I think brexit would be solved. If he had a Stephen Merchant writing him some one liners. That is the most important thing in politics
Scotland is no more united than Westminster! does not speak for me and many others. #Brexit
Only if Parliament passes it. Right now, any two bob backbencher could pass any Brexit amendment he pleases provided he can talk John Bercow into hearing it. We effectively have no Government right now.
It is the mark of idiocy to keep trying the same thing and expect a different result!
So you'd now but support and indy Scotland in the UN. I think that's what we're trying to ascertain, if your had changed since your original letter. I never put all my exits in one basque either. Especial a Brit brexit basket.
The only man who can sort out #brexit
I don't want to get into an argument about Brexit and merits of either leaving or remaining, but anyone else on either side feeling depressed at the state of the whole thing? What a shambles.
Boris Johnson weight loss: How has Brexit campaigner lost 12lbs in two weeks? - Express
Bit pointless if Labour still support Brexit.
I take your point. Some stuff today suggests EU may want rid of us rather waiting for us figure things out. Has also always been the case that soft Brexit presents demonstration effect for other EU members who want out. Though EU can't afford to make it seem that's their motive.
. Pat, where was YOUR vote yesterday to stop the lifting of the Russian sanctions?!! You bring shame to Pennsylvania.
Join us tonight for our special Brexit debate on The Living Markets at 6 p.m. when will be joined by Eleanor Taylor Jolidon from and Esty Dwek from . While markets seem unfazed by the British drama, should Swiss investors worry? Stay tuned!
This is getting BEYOND pastiche now. The ridiculously privileged leaders popping champagne while the country burns...
Do 4% of MP's know what Brexit looks like? #wato
Brexit and no-confidence vote: Corbyn targets 'zombie government' -
Warnock really is a plonker. Letting players do that is shocking and his comments and language in his Brexit interview................
May’s Brexit Deal Failed [Abysmally]. What [The Fuck] Happens Now?
Absolutely brilliant by Jon Snow. We need more of this being decent to each other, many problems we face caused by people seeking revenge, wanting to win at all costs or just being, as he says, beastly!! #kindness
Only a complete dickhead would spoil their ballot paper if they weren't happy with anybody the candidates. If and when Brexit gets stopped I will be writing 'you are all a bunch of cunts' on mine for every election
Fuck ya Brexit.
Read this
Already got chaos division and delay
Yer da's making the most of Dry January
At the last GE Theresa May promised a 'smooth &amp; orderly Brexit'. Last night her flagship policy was emphatically defeated by Parliament; the biggest defeat of a UK Government on any Parliamentary vote. Proper convention is for a General Election to now be called. #GTTO #PMQs
*surfing in Costa Rica
How Brexit could ruin your summer vacation
If the evidence is there to be seen, Carole please, please go for it, many believe that much has yet to be revealed. My best meant Happy New Year to yourself and Shahmir, democracy needs you both! Silly thought, if GB is an advanced democracy &amp; brexit succeeds, what chance Earth?
Well, he wants Brexit too but has no idea how the EU works, seems confused between a customs union and he single market, and seems to be ignoring 80% of his party to pursue his own antI-EU agenda so, yes, a Corbyn government would be a disaster.
A timely divine intervention
After Defeat on Brexit Plan, Theresa May Faces No-Confidence Vote
Steve Hilton: Original intent of Brexit - restoring freedom and sovereignty - buried by inept bureaucrats
The latest Grigsby fx gazette! Thanks to #eurusd #brexit
Did you see German MPs calling for direct talks with UK Govt about Brexit as so scared about losing trade? They advocated sidelining Brussels as not doing good enough job. Seems Pm should have listened to electorate, who said they needed us more than we need them!
It’s been 2 years and they still can’t go ahead with either leaving brexit or staying in it! Seems like the people who will be affected by this are young people and our views aren’t even being stated ... #BrexitChaos
That's as good as they're going to get with Theresa May's "red lines" (things she regards as non-negotiable), but Corbyn's red lines would be different. Some more info on Norway+ here
May suffered the biggest parliamentary defeat inflicted on a British government in modern times... News with MP3, video to practice Spanish. #May #UK #Brexit #TheresaMay #Español #Spanish #Espanhol #ELE #LearnSpanish #WednesdayMotivation #FelizMiércol…
Okay, I hadn't seen those and I'll grant that he did campaign for it - even though the media coverage was probably sub-par (as with most Corbyn related appearances, which is obviously not his fault). What I do find inexplicable is his lack of engagement on Brexit with May at PMQs
#Redbrexit interesting May getting Corbyns support &amp; his MPs on a socialist brexit
DealBook Briefing: ‘Brexit’ Deal Fails; What’s Next for Britain?
I'm not familiar enough with France's agriculture and manufacturing to determine if it's dumber than Brexit or not.
Afternoon chatting to #historyoftrees #cornwall and what do children make of #Brexit see you 3pm
Brexit explained:
Why would anyone vote for Jeremy Corbyn if there's a general election when he refuses to give any details about what the Labour party would do regarding Brexit... or anything!? It's crazy that a 'no policy' approach could even have a chance...
UK Prime Minister Theresa May Faces No Confidence Vote The PM offered the vote following an historic 230 vote defeat on her Brexit deal. #USRC
So today's non-brexit 'discuss' question. What problems does this present for 'cog-sci'?
Tonight MPs will be voting to say we have NO CONFIDENCE in this government. But doesn't mean we need a General Election. What we need is a #PeoplesVote and to #ExitFromBrexit. Join our campaign today for a People's Vote here:
We don't care the administration who contributed her part to development. We applaud this project. However, we must be awake and critical to ensure that the right and qualified physicians and staff are employed to care for citizens. #AtikuObi2019 #wednesdaythoughts #Brexit
On the ongoing #Brexit consultations:
Jacob REES-MOGG vs James O'BRIEN on BREXIT - LBC via
Players are shuffled. It is partly understandable and partly heartbreaking, a gilded manager who came to St James’ Park as a Champions League winner now fretting about the fitness of journeymen before a shitty little game against Captain Brexit. Class
The eu have ruling in place which says brexit can be cancelled if need to.
And to my shame, as a member of , I have no idea either.
Jeremy Corbyn is a revolting socialist failure, he will never be PM. #BrexitVote #brexit.
This is just Brexit but distilled to 85%
Are you still working as a back back bencher?
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
us army don’t get shit either DJDJDJ
People joke about Jeremy Corbyn and his insistence on an election, but without DUP supporting Theresa May on #Brexit there will have to be one.
Can someone explain to me the “world war” analogy? Why anyone who supports brexit would choose arguably the most expensive and destructive event of the 20th century as a positive comparison I do not understand.
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
The people have spoken in a referendum. Parliament has spoken with unambiguous enabling statutes. Now Parliament has soundly rejected May's bad #Brexit deal. It's time May stop pretending it is all in error. This is the will of the people.
Not sure if i am getting the latest brexit vote dealie. They don’t like May’s deal, and they won’t vote again on “no exit”?? So tjey want to exit with no plan?
So helpful - May’s Brexit Deal Failed. What Happens Now? via
I blame the EU Jeremy, they refused to move their position on the backstop and thus were the reason that May's deal backfired so much. MP's voted on the EU's Brexit deal, The members of Parliament should do the right thing and as a show of strength, move toward No-Deal.
Petition: Repeal the EU Withdrawal Act to Prevent Accidental No-deal Brexit I just signed this and hope you will. Any Brexit is bad enough, but an "accidental" one is utterly unforgivable!
Please put this on a loop in parliment today! Ppl need to address the fact that the brexit vote was formed on misinformation sold to the general public. Therefore a second referendum with all the facts shouldn’t be feared.
"Don't believe in anything unless it's been denied by the Russians." Russia denies 'glee' over Brexit turmoil
- UKIP Parliamentary candidate for #Peterborough reacts to the #BrexitBetrayal #Brexit
Pro-EU Conservative lawmaker puts forward legislation for second Brexit #UK #UKBiz #England #Britain #UnitedKingdom
If anyone thinks the pound rose because of this, and not because the possibility of Brexit being stopped, they are beyond reason.
Ha ha , fully focused and awake , I’m enjoying the remain camp scrambling around looking for options . No deal brexit is the Default tick tock , he he , Prime Minister playing a blinder winding the clock down to March 29th .
URGENT ATTENTION OF ALL MEMBERS OF PARLIAMENT - REVOKING OR EXTENDING 'ARTICLE 50' NOT REQUIRED. IT IS ALREADY UNLAWFUL:
Arlene got her hair done for her trip to Westminster it's absolutely horrible looking it's like brexit it's a mess
Possibly the only good thing coming out of Brexit is this opening paragraph from
Labour unsure what to talk about during the No Confidence debate. No Confidence is more *coughs* tricky than Brexit…apparently.
Yes. Generic Vs Specific Brexit. For a specific Brexit to potentially work the entire electorate would have to be addressed and 'split. I don't see Ireland as concerned with border in a soft Brexit situation.
At last, something meaningful written on the side of a bus! The ‘Bollocks to Brexit’ bus is back photobombing the news
UK PM May: Government will retain the confidence of this House #UnitedKingdom #Brexit #Politics
This is an amazing Brexit read.
She should go! She has screwed over this country and run down the clock on brexit! Her own conservatives have no confidence in her and neither do most of the public...she should just resign
The left has been co-opted by capital and, who knows, within five years could be classifying warnings about climate change as hate speech. They like shiny toys, cultural imperialism, war, and killing people just as much as their putative enemies. Different glove, same fist.
I'm thinking Theresa's got Maggie's steel but not her intellect #brexit
This piece fails to challenge the Lexit assumption that 'the EU' (as ever, a problematic concept) is opposed to any kind of state intervention. Proactive government ownership in many member states (e.g. the French Caisse des Dépôts) is evidence to the contrary.
being wrong and then talking over people and trying to slide side ways attacks off subject. Can't wait till brexit is over, so liberal shock jock media like you can disappear back into irrelevance.
BBCNEWS 5:48am CONFIDENCE VOTE DEBATE. PM: We need to deliver Brexit for the British people CONFIDENCE VOTE DEBATE. May to come up...
BREXIT UPDATE #FOREX #ForexTrading #ForexTrader #Cfd #CfdTrading #CfdTrader #Buy #Sell #WorldTraders #Investors #Win #Winning #Wiiner #Invests360 #Invests360Global #invests360.com
As a Yank, I’ve had this idea that Brits were more reasonable than us when it came to important political issues. #Brexit has forever disabused me of that notion. Sad to see how Brits were susceptible to Russian propaganda. God bless.
What happens if the Government loses tonight's vote of no confidence? #Brexit #NoConfidence #Corbyn #TheresaMay
Jarvis Cocker on right now comparing #Brexit to releasing what you think is going to be a massive hit single and it flops at 19 in the charts. And rightly points out that no matter what your side - we're all sick of it. Tremendous stuff - make him Prime Minister.
Sounds sensible advice to me.
2 points. 1. You fail to acknowledge significant polling that shows Labour made the comeback due to remainders believing Labour would deliver a softer Brexit. 2. The election result is A reason but not THE reason the Brexit deal did not go through.
Has ANYONE found out his Brexit plans, anyone?
France is speeding up preparations for a "no deal" Brexit after the British parliament overwhelmingly rejected the agreement on the table, a French presidential source said Wednesday.
They probably should have secured Edu before they refused to promote Mislintat. Svexit &gt; Brexit
Brexit: Facts vs Fear, with Stephen Fry.
Brexit: EU countries ready to make concession on Irish border – H #UK #UKBiz #England #Britain #UnitedKingdom
The latest Global Trade Directory! Thanks to #export #brexit
Well done matey: Lenin would have been proud of you for having helped to create the biggest political mess that the uk has ever faced. Job only half done. Next step full Brexit which will bring unemployment and the most left wing labour government the UK has ever seen!
This would have been for the benefit of people who wanted brexit as well the remain camp is so strong in government because they’re united where as the brexiters can’t decide on anything because they all want different things
Gina Miller says a second Brexit referendum is the “most practical, logical, common sense” thing to do - and she wants the Labour frontbench to support it
Great analysis
His refusal to admit that Minford has forecast the destruction of agri and industry, if we hard Brexit
#FFG provides information about #Brexit effects for #H2020 #Horizon2020 projects in the case of a #Nodeal scenario in DE/EN
DAX – Bank Shares Jump after Brexit Vote
Of course, they didn’t. So they cannot now refute ’s claim that Labour voters were in favour of Tory policy on Brexit. Hence she can keep utter that sickening sentence.
I am becoming increasingly sickened by the BBC’s continued biased reporting of #Brexit which focuses on Deal or Crashing Out - and refuses to recognise that most people in the UK now want to Remain. #PeoplesVote
You don't appear to understand the implications of brexit at even the most basic level. You arrogantly claim that researchers have inadequate knowledge of current poverty levels compared to you, but you have no actual evidence to substantiate that.
Well at least millionaire Gary Lineker agrees with you.
How should your business respond to #Brexit? We are launching a new podcast - The business of Brexit – to help answer that question. Submit your questions to our experts here:
Germany – Will only consider Brexit extension when clear how Britain will #UK #UKBiz #England #Britain #UnitedKingdom
There is no Deal that satisfies all those who voted Leave in the rigged referendum. #StopBrexit Or stop being a democracy. #Brexit is a crime.
So Teresa May is having talks on Brexit &amp; she is not inviting the main opposition leader... she truly is an idiot.
1pm London news: financial market reaction to Brexit vote, Open Skies contingency plans, anti-upskirting campaign, Michael Fofrest body discovery, Walworth Road fire, new cookbook, Uber clean air charge, Red Bull advertisement ban, Lords redevelopment, weather
"they voted on one possible answer, which they overwhelmingly rejected. The bad news is they rejected it because Parliament still cannot agree on how to get Britain out of this mess of its own creation."
Unfortunately they turned #Brexit a political fight for power and not an a national target.. It reminds me Greeks during the crisis. A humble Greek with business in UK.
To my lovelies in Australia... Please stop sharing your summer life pics while Brexit is unfolding. It's doing terrible things to expat morale over here
The Prime Minister refuses to go into detail on the changes she will make on the refused Brexit deal. 'We need to deliver a Brexit that respects and reflects the vote that was taken in the 2016 referendum.'
Simplistic and wrong. Embarrassing
Magnificent stuff - "Blunderdome", Theresa May as a "replicant Anglepoise lamp", Grayling "the least appealing ferryman since Charon" and Arlene Foster having "all the warmth of the matriarch of a remote farm who retains the passports of her labourers".
Sour grapes! Theresa May omits Jeremy Corbyn from cross-party Brexit talks
Brexit is the step that breaks up the UK ..
The try and put off the date to leave the EU or they try and abandon brexit they will never allow us
Steve Hilton: Original intent of Brexit - restoring freedom and sovereignty - buried by inept bureaucrats #FoxNews
'General election not in the national interest' - PM via Changed her tune since 2017 #PMQs #brexit #GeneralElection
Why are Remainers so happy? Right now, Britain is on course for a no-deal Brexit
The brexit mandate is nearly three years old and actually seeing the process unfold has painted a better picture than any claim on a bus could. Its a major constitutional question which will impact Britain for decades; a renewed public mandate is absolutely necessary to continue.
A No-Deal Brexit Could be Worse for Property than the Recession Property investment platform British Pearl believes that house prices in London’s commuter belt will be hardest hit in the event of a no-deal Brexit. #Investors #Developers
If you push for a soft Brexit with no need for a backstop a consensus will emerge. What’s the problem?
I may not personally be in control of whether a #peoplesvote with a #Remain can be achieved. But I am in control of MY vote, that vote will go to what ever party offers it. This ex brexit voter has to have this red line.
For the love of god get your dad to run for PM of england we need somone with some Bollocks to run our country and get us out of this Brexit cluster f% all our lot couldn't run a student union!!!
Have a kit Kat break Charlie and forget about Brexit.
Forget about brexit James is just a smug cunt! He reminds me of the guy that walks into the pub and everyone raises their eyebrows and tries to avoids. Wanker!
Breaking news... That is the (potential) breaking of the Tory party, reports over #Brexit
Nobody has a Brexit policy that can work. That's the issue here. Which is why it MUST come back to the people.
No-deal #Brexit looks more likely than ever. Leaving the #EU without a deal would be disastrous for our #environment. Join me and sign petition urging party leaders to rule out a dirty no-deal Brexit.
Theresa May faces no-confidence vote after historic defeat on Brexit deal
That doesn't necesarily mean that they don't want a , more that they doesn't want Corbyn/Labour to take the blame for collapsing Brexit and are waiting until the Tories have to do it to avoid NO Deal. . Brinkpersonship of course but I believe that is now the best way.
First Standard column of 2019. How Brexit killed my yoga chill plus my solution to the 2nd referendum question. The brilliant timeliness of #MaryQueenofScots &amp; why angry alphas need to man up #GilletteAd
You can bet your paycheck on it, uncertainty is the future , we're headed into the ether! In 10 years you won't recognize this world.
If u stub your toe in this country it is blamed on Brexit.
UK PM May: Government will retain the confidence of this House #UnitedKingdom #Brexit #Politics
That’s why we have a parliamentary system so the people that actually know the facts and nuances get to decide. Referendums are useless. Half the people voting haven’t a clue.
Is she serious? worst thing we can do is delayed? You delayed the vote on your deal when it was clear it would fail. You haven't reached out to anyone else outside your little circle. Honestly fuck off. Tories are the born leaders yeah?
World stocks hold nerve after May’s Brexit defeat, pound steady #UK #UKBiz #England #Britain #UnitedKingdom
What should CIOs be prepared for in 2019? #AI #cloud #saas #brexit #CIO
Big difference is we accepted the result &amp; then the goalposts moved from a common market to a federal state. We were taken in against our will. Always easier to maintain the status quo than overturn it. That is why you want to desperately stop #Brexit rather than rejoin the EU.
Picking or as leader is like asking if you want to be shot in the head or the chest #Brexit #brexitdebate
First thing May needs to do is extend Brexit deadline: Sturgeon
Our friend has been saying for 2 years that #Brexit will be halted. Is he right?
Pound euro exchange rate: GBP steady against EUR after #Brexit defeat for Theresa May - read more » Theresa May’s crushing defeat in the #House of Commons over her #Brexit deal last night failed to cause the kind of volatility in the pound that had bee...
Only a General election can extend Article 50!! And here is why...
You are ... joking now, arent't you? OK, ha ha haaa. Seriously now. Would you mind to familiarise yourself with some of the views other people from other places might have? If so, this article here might help.
UK's Labour calls on May to try a Brexit compromise to get deal passed
#London - From those : #TheresaMay omits #JeremyCorbyn from cross-party #Brexit talks - Andrea Leadsom says #PM will be engaging with people ‘who want to talk #constructively’
As Brexit deal goes down in flames, exasperated Europe wonders what the Britons want - The Washington Post via
May’s Brexit Deal Failed. What Happens Now?
Perhaps one of the key stories that will emerge from #Brexit saga will be the resiliency of who, like her deal or not, is not the scattering chickens like her colleagues in the #Tory party.
political stability in 26 countries is worth more than giving in to the UK. The UK will be bagging to rejoin 5 years after the no deal #Brexit
Well said
should just have said "I want to be PM regardless of the cost to the country. that's why only 3 Labour MPs voted for the deal. we've had the wiff of power and disengaged from the Brexit process until I am PM"
"Stop trying to help England". Civic and joyous Scottish nationalism.
Yea, Corbyn won’t win unless he changes his stance on Brexit. But he won’t
Onus on Westminster to find Brexit solutions - Varadkar via and is there any way we can be part of a solution rather than the problem?
Wrong majority still want brexit. Second referendum wont change anything The referendum we have had was a peoples vote, not run by robots Keep voting until EU dictatorship gets its way, thats how RoI did, forced to keep voting until EU chosen PM got elected Stop listeningTo elite
Spot on with his comments concerning referendums.
Or how about we genuinely believe it's the only way to stop a miguided Brexit that will see the poorest people in our communities suffer more? Had you considered that one?
At this point, a no deal scenario is not likely but inevitable. The government has displayed exceptional ineptitude in its handling of Brexit. After the PM’s crashing defeat last night, I see no other solution than a Brexit referendum.
Eher "Carry On Brexit"
Commentators in the UK seem to think that a No-Deal #Brexit is now unlikely, whereas the ones in the rest of the EU think it's now more likely than ever. Why the difference? Because people here assume Art. 50 will be extended for quite a while. 1/
I’m not sure how the Labour manifesto regarding Brexit can be made any clearer. I personally vote leave but I’ve also read the Labour manifesto regarding saying in the single market and customs union. What is it you don’t understand ?
And I think only 9 Tory MPs so far. Needs May or Corbyn to back. Yet only way to cut Gordian knot of Brexit super glue stopping politics and gov
Racking my brain. Can anyone remember anything that has ever got right #meneither
As usual, ’s tweet by tweet commentary on the parliamentary debate about the vote of no confidence/ #Brexit well worth following.
The deal won’t be renegotiated with May’s red lines - but if we get rid of those absurdities...
How do we get rid of this rancid PM? Biggest loss in history and we are still stuck with her, spouting the same old rubbish. #PeoplesVote #Brexit #HouseofCommons
This is amazing. I used to think that we should do what we voted for, but a poorly constructed acrostic has completely changed my mind. Stop Brexit! Hurrah for the Customs Union! God bless Jean-Claude Juncker!
First thing May needs to do is extend Brexit deadline – Sturgeon #UK #UKBiz #England #Britain #UnitedKingdom
A true Brexit - leaving all 4 "freedoms" in a manifesto will get a landslide, instead they are still dancing with one leg in and one leg out!
Thank god for that! I want to marry you. Please please please it would cheer me up what with all this brexit and spygate
#Brexit Update...
Brexit has Failed
No, she has to go. Consistent liar and failure.
The latest Temikoria the Observer! Thanks to #brexit #supercoppaitaliana
No thanks.
What is the point of voting anymore?? They won’t be implemented and #Parliament are doing everything they can to make sure our #vote doesn’t matter.. because they are all #remainers and do not represent #leave #brexit 17.4 million ppl and probably more now..
Brexit going well, huh?
Simran its not like anybody is doing a job(or has a life) that won`t be Cataclysmically effected by the Brexit shambles. Please think of yourself and people who need to keep on working hopelessly as you think about the pianist on the Titanic.
May’s Brexit Deal Failed. What Happens Now?
#Brexit ~ #Blair warns French will be upset if they can't fsh our Waters, but ignores our own fishing industry. EU WARNING: 'Yellow Vest' protesters could REBEL if French fishermen barred from UK waters
One thing most of us know is that she has to resign. The country and Brexit won't get anywhere with her at the helm. Worst PM ever.
I feel honoured to be sitting in watching history being made today. Also worried, because there isn’t a real, constructive conversation going on here. #Brexit #NoConfidence #NoConfidenceVote
May says she wants to listen to lawmakers to find Brexit solution #UK #UKBiz #England #Britain #UnitedKingdom
Brexit Has Failed, But So Has the Unitary Patent (UPC) #patents #Europe
Wanna bet? Tories are very much behind leaving. Anyone could write the conservative media for next general election if Labour oppose brexit.
Biggest immigration shake up in 40 years is taking place. Book your low fee consultation with me in Glasgow or Birmingham. 0333 8000 150
German minister: Brexit delay possible, but we need a clear reason #UK #UKBiz #England #Britain #UnitedKingdom
The idea that if Corbyn "committed to a policy on brexit" then they would win a majority in the HoC is just fantasy. The vile racist, May needs to go #GeneralElectionNow
A superbly thought out and presented case for a second Referendum by one of the great thinkers of the political planet. Must reading for those who want to see a sensible rather than suicidal approach to the Brexit dilemma Spot on
THIS
Yes. Why isn't Corbyn nailing May on this absolute shambles? Yes there are other issues, but none so urgent as Brexit... Surely!!!
He does really. This is for peasantry consumption. In private he whips his own gonads with steel tipped 48 thronged leather action. At least that's what we think he does it for.
Well why isn't the #SecondReferendum 20 points in the lead now? That's the mystery. Leavers who voted for a soft Brexit now want a hard no-deal Brexit.
how’s david cameron doing? is he jsut sat there on his sofa, laughing at the chaos brexit has caused?
Parliament overwhelmingly rejects Brexit plan British lawmakers voted 432 to 202 against Prime Minister Theresa May’s plan to leave the E.U. It was the biggest defeat in the House of…
May currently in HoC: “the key thing for this house is to deliver Brexit”. Key!?
L"Mexican Hit Girl (Mason Church Book 1)" by S.C. Smith TRY FREE #AUDIOBOOK … … … #amreading #books #love #AmReading #bookworm #art #Brexit #CriticsChoiceAwards #writing #business #book #photography #follow #westhollywood #amwriting #Kindle
"German carmakers warn hard Brexit would be 'fatal'"
Maybe someone should press the reboot button on #TheresaMay #ConfidenceVote #Brexit
That one opinion. Mine differs. Just like Trump couldn't win Brexit couldn't happen. Tory Landlise was imminent To many people unable to think outside of what the consensus tells them is true - no matter how many times that consensus opinion is proven wrong Think out the box
Bad timing for any #Brexit #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote ~ Commentary: Global economy is headed for recession
URGENT ATTENTION OF ALL MEMBERS OF PARLIAMENT - REVOKING OR EXTENDING 'ARTICLE 50' NOT REQUIRED. IT IS ALREADY UNLAWFUL:
The latest HumboldtPrepper Times! Thanks to #gunnews #brexit
Further evidence Just Kidding Rowling has lost her mind
The most glorious and funny article I have read about Brexit....and in many ways the saddest.
#PMQs We are seeing how inadequate our constitution is. We rely far too much on those without honour doing the right thing. She should have resigned. #Brexit #Political #Leaders #news #NoConfidence
Yeah, that's exactly it - it was all part of a cunning master plan to get on a b grade reality show.....
"Corbyn doesn't want Brexit but we had a vote!" "You'll see, he has a Remain long game." "The conference motion puts the Labour Remainers in charge of party Brexit policy." The pettiest part of my brain right now:
May’s Brexit Deal Failed. What Happens Now?
Because they are the propagandists.
Yeah this is probably just another how can mirrors be real type thought, but my brain is scrambled by Brexit
The (unelected, unfathomably unpopular) executive might have some archaic right to ask the Sovereign, but to do so makes a mockery of the parliamentary sovereignty Brexit was supposed to be all about.
It’s really angers me the indifference by some British politicians and the shameful DUP, towards the effect of a returning hard border to Ireland would have. #BrexitShambles #Brexitdeal #brexit
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK - CNNPolitics
“Even after her historic Commons defeat over the Brexit deal, PM Theresa May is unlikely to be toppled in the upcoming no-confidence vote. That won't help alleviate the chaos her previous bad decisions have started.”
#TimeForTheNews It's a huge day for Brexit — but the divorce deal appears doomed via
One step at a time .....REAL BREXIT ... OR WE WILL ENSURE WE GET IT BY OTHER MEANS
He is another one who will be looking for new employment after the next GE - which might be sooner than he thinks!
Wednesday January 16 - Balance of Power: Imagine Brexit as a chess board: Prime Minister Theresa May the vulnerable yet stubborn white king, opposition leader Jeremy Corbyn the black knight who can’t deliver checkmate Via
Then you need to prepare for disappointment John As I’ve advised now on a number of occasions There are no winners and no losers in #Brexit any more Just a lot of painful reality that now needs to be recognised
Only a General election can extend Article 50!! And here is why...
Bruh this shits awful we really about to have a no deal brexit I’m disgusted
This is about time that someone put the end to this Tories Brexit project and abandon the whole thing. It has already damaged British economy and politics enough. #Brexit #endBrexit #StopBrexit
We r not scared of no deal. We want out of the EU Forever
Flashback: Theresa May is the one who stopped Bill Bratton, who cleaned up Boston and NYC from becoming the Metropolitan Police Commissioner for crime-ridden London because she found him to be "too macho." That's the kind of person she is. #BrexitVote #TheresaMay #Brexit
Never mind brexit the dump is down
U.K. faces &amp;#8216;hard Brexit&amp;#8217;, snap election as MP&amp;#8217;s reject Prime Minister May&amp;#8217;s Brexit deal
Brilliant.
#Brexit fits this #suicide list as a cause and effect.
I think the public opinion has been clear that #MayMustGoNow and have a brexiteer in No10 that has got some leadership quality's that this country is crying out for, unfortunately its not .
responding to statement on #Brexit plays the people not the ball, showing that the Scots Tories are empty vessels on this most vital of issues and in these most crucial times for Scotland's future
I dont like #MrsMay but i fooking hate more. If he gets in then we are fucked. #Brexit #BrexitShambles.
The #Brexit referendum vote took place based on utter lies. Those lies have all been exposed. The majority of the British public want a second vote, but the Tories are so beholden to racist clowns that they won't listen to the people while claiming to follow the people's will.
With the BREXIT deadline fast approaching, are urging all small businesses to ensure that they are taking the necessary steps to prepare for Brexit. Mentors are available from your LEO to assist you in putting a Brexit plan into place.
Brexit Deadlock: What Next?
It has taken more than 30 months to shift from “Fantasy Brexit” to “Reality Brexit.”
The far right in US/UK have handed the USSR its revenge. Both democracies are a mess and ungovernable. #isntitironic
the insistence of the British Prime Minister Theresa May with the brexit will lead to Great Britain the economic ruin the best way is to resign #Brexit #UK #economic #euro
Since the approval of Brexit in 2016, there were indications that it would not advance. Brexit has become a maze where no one can find a plausible way out. This is the fact!
should just have said "I want to be PM regardless of the cost to the country. that's why only 3 Labour MPs voted for the deal. we've had the wiff of power and disengaged from the Brexit process until I am PM" #noconfidencevote #noconfidence
. ARE YOU DEAF AND BLIND OR JUST DEEPLY DISHONEST??? THE BRITISH PEOPLE NO LONGER WANT BREXIT. #StopBrexit #StopBrexitNow #StopBrexitSaveBritain #RevokeA50 #RevokeRemainRebuild
Brexit Deadlock: What Next?
Corbyn faces mounting pressure to back a new vote on Brexit as 71 of his MPs defy Labour policy to call for a second referendum
Some great scenes today in the latest episode of #Brexit
You are missing the point, I've asked many people this same question relating to Brexit and Scottish independence. So how would you feel if your vote in a way didn't matter? How do you think people who voted remain feel about a push for a 2nd vote?
May is a genuine deluded dictator. Parliament and the People must work together now to both oust May and to stop Brexit
Wrote this over two years ago- all the fears and concerns remain, if not more so.
British newspapers are stockpiling ink and newsprint in the event of a disruptive Brexit via
Jeremy Corbyn sits on the fence, Jeremy Corbyn seems a bit dense, All Labour’s women and all Labour’s men, Can’t get old Jezza to come down again #brexitnurseryrhymes #brexit #brexitchaos #revokeA50 #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit
have been saying the truth about #brexit and been honest and realistic with the public. We are a brave party and want what’s best for the whole U.K. Join us and our fight for your future! #LibDemFightback #ExitFromBrexit
Also for May key issue is that (I think) she's now toast. (I've said that before!) Either she leans to softer Brexit and she gets ejected by Hard Brexiters in another NC vote; or she refuses to budge in which case Boles, Greive et al. bring down govt to stop hard Brexit.
Don't believe in anything unless it's been denied by the Russians. Russia denies 'glee' over Brexit turmoil
#MAY: NOT CLEAR WHAT BREXIT STANCE LABOUR WOULD TAKE IN #ELECTION #NoConfidence
‘Only positive solution’: EU chiefs hint at 2nd referendum after May’s Brexit deal defeat
The far right is small in this country, unlike mainland Europe. Brexit was conceived in 2016 as it was the first time that it was offered to the people as an in/out option with the caveat that their decision would be final and binding.
More than that, they are being ground into ground for their stance on Brexit. You don’t piss off your main supporters, they did, &amp; are paying for it!
This is exactly why... but on all sides of the house, MPs must learn from yesterday's defeat. The whole point of government is that they agree and work together to effect change in the National interest. It's also what people are familiar with, no one likes change. #Brexit
I have emailed Dudley North requesting explanation for decision to vote with govt on Withdrawal Agreement. I am hoping that Ian didn't allow personal misgivings about Labour leadership to shape decision. Not much coverage by ? #Brexit #NoConfidence
No matter how much I might personally want a Labour government (see my previous releases to back up my claim) we ain't realistically going to get an election before we crash out with No Deal Brexit - and if you think the country is fucked now - just wait
2 things about #brexit Did really celebrate the commons defeat that is the biggest constitutional crisis this country has ever face? If so, he should be deselected. This is no time for celebration. Secondly, can the gov suspend article 50 to negotiate more?
The issue is Brexit, so she jumps at any opportunity to change the Q to Labour vs Con - to which she jumps at Coybn with Knives out. Gleeful attack, attack, attack. Corbyn neither blocks or tackles well, so May’s the knives shred into him. He mostly looks confused.
You need to back a no deal brexit because it's for the working class
BBC News - Brexit: What is the 'no deal' WTO option?
Wow. A VERY moderate Campaign group called has been BANNED by For no other reason than they backed #Brexit
The truth is incontrovertible. Malice may attack it, ignorance may deride it, but in the end, there it is. People with strong values always express them through what they think, say and do.
So far the SNP is the only party putting Theresa May on the spot. It certainly helps to actually have a policy on Brexit. Labour, please note. #confidencevote
Yes those things that would be made worse by Brexit. Not everyone has time to wait for eventual socialist policies, a lot of us won’t make it, Brexit will put back these policies that Corbyn and you do cling to by years as the economy tanks and tens of thousands join the dole.
World stocks hold nerve after May’s Brexit defeat, pound steady
"Search on for Brexit consensus after May's crushing defeat" -
dad you voted for brexit
Polls in '16 suggest 1 in 3 leavers were happy with Single Market - as Dannan &amp; Paterson seemed to be. #wato
Brexit is itself a symptom of that breakdown of faith in politics caused by the financial crisis, Iraq, austerity etc all happening with no real consequences for anyone in power
There alreasy IS chaos division and delay. Anything we do now is just a matter of degrees! #peoplesvote
Fully mindful of our ethical position and on the basis of dispassionate analysis of feedback from our members, we are completely clear that, a) #NoDeal #Brexit would be very damaging &amp; b) the increasing uncertainty is not helpful.
Even though the neighbourhood thinks I’m trashy and no good...
"Cough..." Someone tell him!
THIS IS AN ABSOLUTE MUST READ" The British People Will NEVER Surrender!": Batten Warns EU That Public Will Fight For A Real Brexit
Why should we have a Brexit (not Brexit) designed by Ken Clarke?
I would be more inclined to revoke, and have a general election and hear what each parties plans would be for Brexit, time line to serve article again etc.,already confirmed May won’t stand again, but clock is ticking and nobody had a clue what else to do now. Were not prepared.
Never mind no confidence in Theresa May. I have no confidence in the entire government. #Brexit
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
I wish May could have been more generous in negotiating Brexit than interventions in the house of parliament
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
The current set of politicians hold young people in contempt. May is an absolute disgrace with her Brexit position, and Corbyn ignores his party’s membership. #NoConfidence
Theresa May trotting out the tried and tested Brexiter lie that 80% of voters voted straightforwardly for Leave supporting parties during the 2017 general election. She knows full well that large numbers voted Labour to block her call for a Brexit mandate. #NoConfidence #Brexit
"As 2019 begins, we find ourselves before a crisis of unimaginable proportions. Given the stakes, the players and the lunacy of self-inflicted immolation, the answer promises to be messy." on Russia and Brexit
Some continue to live in parallel worlds. Both sides in Brexit debate claiming victory after last night’s vote. Both sides can’t be right. And still no signs of any compromise from either side. Shameful. As we fall over the cliff I for one will wish a plague on both their houses
Can do a story on where Arron Banks got the 8 million he had spare to donate to the Leave campaign?
#CAGEurope UPDATE 1-EU court paves way for $2 bln UPS claim as annuls TNT bid veto #ReutersCES #EU #BusinessNews #Finance #Brexit
Brexit Bourach: the simple game of parliamentary arithmetic where no party, faction or alliance in Westminster is able to get three noughts or crosses in a row so May's Brexit deal will not be approved and by default Britain will catastrophically crash out of EU with no deal.
As one of the largest economies in the world UK would be well placed to make deals. Assistance could be given to sectors that needed it. All this could have been planned over the last two years. BREXIT secretaries resigned as they said TM overruling them.
BBC News - Brexit vote: European 'surprise' at scale of defeat
The main no-deal Brexit lads think they're going be the alpha tribal leaders in a Mad Max style dystopia, whereas in reality: a) they'll all die out when we run out of bacon and insulin, and b) it'll be nowhere near that sunny
The German idea of a leader is Hitler. Drunker is just the Joker. My idea of a leader is Thatcher or Churchill. It is a shame that nobody has actually put a leader up for election
A warning to the and if #Brexit is not delivered you will pay for it at the next general Election weather it's tomorrow or 2023 the people will not forget
The latest The self-determination Daily! Thanks to #brexit #bolsa
Helping you actually understand WTF is going on with Brexit and the government
The supreme humiliation is Brexit and not the 14m ppl in poverty. But our international standing as imperialist ghouls!
‘This obscure law could save us from Brexit’
They too had people complicit in illegal data sharing and election fraud:
The EU operate on WTO we also operate on WTO the most common sense solution and easiest is leave on WTO! It allows both parties a default easy solution for brokering trade agreements in the coming future! It also answers Brexit in respect of our sovereignty, national identity!
'A perfectly engineered catastrophe': artists speak out after Theresa May’s Brexit deal is crushed by parliament : #Brexit
"Brexit has split a once stable country in two and transformed its politicians into lemmings, throwing themselves off the white cliffs into the sea. It’s great theatre – but tragic.”
So true!
Similar to #Trump , Britsh backers of #Brexit fail to realize they live in a world that has changed and it's a world that doesn't reward isolationism
The latest JEM Daily News! #publicidad #brexit
BREXIT: UK PM MAY SAYS KEY THING PARLIAMENT NEEDS TO DO IS DELIVER BREXIT #BREXITVOTE #NOCONFIDENCE
Hop it.
So their was a vote and leave won 52- 48 which was conclusive but if there was a second referendum and it was 52 - 48 remain, this result would be non conclusive. The logic of leavers never cease to amaze
Definitely later, but currently we have to get out of the mess of Brexit.
Where there is fake will there is no way
By Jove, he's got it!
Stupid woman
Leaving EU allows Tim Martin and his ilk to hide his money away in OFFSHORE TAX HAVENS and AVOID/EVADE paying their fair share of TAX
Well if they are afraid maybe the EU can agree a deal thats half way acceptable
The latest Catan Times! Thanks to #brexit #brexitvote
British MPs Vote Overwhelmingly to Reject Brexit Deal
FYI. URGENT ATTENTION OF ALL MEMBERS OF PARLIAMENT - REVOKING OR EXTENDING 'ARTICLE 50' NOT REQUIRED. IT IS ALREADY UNLAWFUL:
The latest The London Journal! #brexit #brexitdeal
Ireland and Brexit: - Deputy PM admits Ireland is heading for hard border and that his party would take the blame - Leader of Ireland's opposition party, Micheál Martin, says Irish government privately believes a hard border is increasingly likely but is not telling the public.
Can everyone PLEASE leave the Unicorns out of this! #Brexit
#wedesdaywisdom for a Brexit #peoplesvote
#Brexit over it
One has to admire the #British sense of humour throughout this #Brexit liberation process.
The Brexit dream is over, or so say the markets, and they are probably right via
There are many deep concerns with the present government but in this time of #Brexit crisis is calling an election now a good idea? Better the parties get together and decide what the greater good is for this country rather than political game playing...#VoteOfNoConfidence
is the only #YYJ (VIctoria Canada) tech bro that has courageously stepped up and has spoken about our toxic tech data shop: #AggregatelQ #AIQ. The rest of the #YYJ tech bros who worked for #AggregateIQ are still silent or deny. #Canada’s shame. #Brexit
You have the Labour Leavers who think Brexit means economic freedom for the poor, and Tory Leavers who think Brexit means regulatory freedom from Brussels and cultural freedom from brown people, and you have people in both parties who are more sanguine about what it really means.
How has Nicky Morgan become a recognised and goto voice on brexit? Talk about hedging her bets, her backside must look like a porcupine's rear end from that fence she's been sat on so hard
Sometimes I feel like we ended up in the middle of a Spice Girls song when it comes to #Brexit Yo, I'll tell you what I want, what I really, really want So tell me what you want, what you really, really want I'll tell you what I want, what I really, really want So tell me....
No, what we want is to LEAVE , stick your new referendum and more time nonsense. #LeaveMeansLeave #UKIP #Brexit
BETTER TOGETHER WTF? Scotlands Backstop... Stripping our Parliament of devolved powers...
It is absurd that this won’t include the official Opposition, and obscene that it didn’t happen until three years after the referendum. This government is beyond shame or pardon
.... Why don't you concentrate your efforts on what's right for your country (delivering #brexit) rather than what's right for you (trying to get out). Seeing as you are (allegedly) a politician, I assumed you knew what democracy was. Evidently not.
Let’s be honest, if ppl had wanted to Remain in the EU they would have voted for Tim’s Party in 2017. They didn’t they went for Lab/Cons who both promised BRexit but lied their way to the ballot box. At least Tim’s Party told the truth about their position but was rejected
THINK about this for a moment. "Populism" landed Trump in power and gave Brexit legitimacy. Both brought down their respective governments. No Wonder #MurderingPutin is smiling.
Not just you, there’s a whole anti-kettle movement out there.
Brexit: What happens now?
“Wow, this Brexit fiasco makes us look like the dumbest country in the world.” — UK “Hold my beer.” —USA
Bagley Cartoon: Too Much Winning, via #Trump #TrumpsShutdown #TrumpTreason #PutinsPuppet #Brexit
So less than 24 hrs since the Government was defeated on its #BREXIT deal and with 5 hrs until MPs take part in a confidence vote of the Government. The house is still bickering and mocking each other. When will our elected leaders start taking this seriously.
Rather David Lammy myself but there we go. Regarding an election though - you vote and four/ five years later if the promises that you voted for weren’t delivered you get to change your mind. Why is it any different with Brexit?
I shocked a lefty whining about the Brexit vote right after its occurrence by stating it will never happen. He kept sputtering on about evil nationalists and totalitarians trying impose their will. Lol.
BREAKING: Real-time footage of the UK after Brexit
As expected. But still huge. BBC News - Brexit and no-confidence vote: Corbyn targets 'zombie government'
Confidence vote LIVE: Corbyn’s plan backfires as MPs pressure him to change Brexit stance
What if the hard #Brexiters align with labour and bring down the government in a no confidence vote. running down the clock to the default exit day? To stop #Brexit, law has to be passed, and with parliament dissolved how do you change the law?
#EU–#Turkey Customs Union: Prospects for Modernization and Lessons for #Brexit via
Could the Queen stop it?
Brexit this. Brexit that. How about fuck off.
Does anyone else think the cancelling of Levenson 2 and the medias compliance all through brexit and being anti scottish are connected? Does anyone know why Levenson 2 was actually ditched?
And they think brexit will work?
Thorough, as always.
Bernard I concur with remarks. Just think of the disaster which Brexit will bring.
Brexit vote LIVE – Latest updates as Theresa May faces no confidence battle
World stocks hold nerve after May's Brexit defeat, pound steady
by terrible the west Brit means, of course, hilarious. Britain is our foe, not the other way around.
Well done that man . We don’t need Europe
Trading GBP During The Latest Brexit Stalemate | #GBP #pound #uk #england #poundsterling #forex #fx #trading #trade #livetradenews #trader
Ministry of emigration. Looks Ukrainian perhaps? It's available in other places with other writing though:
Good to talk to re #Brexit. Majority of members (Remainers and Brexiteers alike) united by desire to avoid disorderly 'no deal' exit from EU and in wanting to see cross-party working in the national interest at this critical time.
#Brexit just leave!!!!
Our customers can be confident that whatever happens QBE is #Brexit ready! Read about it here:
It takes 2 minutes if that.
UK advertising's take on last night's vote
Labour policy is to seek a Customs Union, retain worker protections&amp;rules out a No Deal Brexit. The policy is all there as a matter or record. Your failure to read,or failure of honesty,is a matter of your own failure&amp;self interest,just as it is a matter for Tories&amp;the press.
"Brexit: Theresa May warns no-deal Brexit could break up UK" my feelings can be best expressed by my profile picture
Thank christ I aint the only one hahaha
Conservatives circling the wagons to head off no confidence vote - welcome intervention by MP Mark Francois saying members of ERG will support government #Brexit #NoConfidence
Who didn't predict how brexit would go ? Jeez this wasn't rocket science !
"Brexit was always about saving the Tory party from the Tory party. But it's not working at that either. I grew ..."
BBC News - Brexit: Theresa May faces confidence vote after huge defeat
Arse that he is.
Treasury yields follow British gilts higher as market plays down chance of hard Brexit … MARKETWATCH January 16, 2019 at 01:15PM
Balfour boss in Brexit blast at Chancellor #brexit #construction #news #uk
david cameron running into the distance at the end of this clip is a big mood
Some things are simply so stupid that they should not be on ballots - like Brexit, or Men allowed only one testicle. So, uh, would you support the American people if they decided to put on ballot that men are only allowed 1 testicle?
Wait. What? Does that mean Brexit doesn't necessarily mean Brexit
Shutdown, Brexit wobble the West via
May’s Brexit Deal Failed. What Happens Now?
Another devious attack by politicians on the money that the elderly receive in the UK. Pensioner couples will lose more than £7,000 a year under a cut “sneaked out” while MPs were preparing for the showdown Brexit vote.
you goOoOoo
This is a disgrace! Please report on the situation in Zimbabwe. There are worse things going on in the world than Brexit! #shutdownZimbabwe
This is needed every bit as much as the backstop. The UK government has shown itself to be as duplicitous as it is deluded, so cast-iron assurances are needed for the good of EU citizens. Please proceed with all haste and make the provisions as robust as possible.
I can no longer watch this deranged woman spout crap on BBC. There is no mandate to "Deliver Brexit" The "Referendum" in 2016 was crooked, manipulated, lies and never identified what the thing was supposed to be.
#Europe: Analysis: Where’s Britain headed after Brexit vote? | DW News
That should be No Deal Brexit
Brexit, Universal Credit, Esther McVey, Amber Rudd, Jeremy Hunt &amp; NHS the list goes on for the reasons of no confidence your Party. Tories that sit on the fence.....
Best of luck, I've been hoping someone would write a piece on Brexit as a proxy for dismantling the Good Friday Agreement
Can’t wait until this is out! Will be an absolute hit. #BrexitShambles #brexit
I think Brexit should go. If May went, they'd appoint a bigger lunatic. The ERG run things now.
Good to see priority is being given to the height of post boxes in amongst all this brexit nonsense
Corbyn accuses May of being in denial over Brexit deal in PMQs
coverage of #Brexit is getting existential
May's mission impossible on Brexit
The British Parliament will soon put aside Brexit to debate the proper height of a letter box
We’re running out of time before the #Brexit deadline could see us crash out of the EU, hurting women the most. stop playing politics and join our demands for a #PeoplesVote
Please tell me how are we going to protect the integrity of Irish produced Beef,Lamb, Pork &amp; Bacon when I see no plan to manage our post #Brexit border. Look for yourself Explore the Border | The Irish Times
Mrs May phoning Jane's phone: Bollocks to Brexit! You are through to Jane's answerphone. Jane cannot come to the phone right now because she's at SODEM. Please try again later.
No case for Lexit. You could make case that combo of Lab economic policies plus v soft Brexit would be better than Tory policy plus remain. But, the best combo would be Lab policies plus remain.
Brexit is a mess. Just leave without a deal FFS. We ain’t gonna be rootin through bins for scran. Jeremy would do fuck all else if he went to Brussels for a deal. Surprised he didn’t agree to the wank deal put out yesterday. Germany and France are crumbling. They’ll come running
Especially an election where manifesto might not offer a significant difference on Brexit which will be the key issue for the vote.
Interesting that the parliament website doesn't list the SNP in the agenda it's as if they care who they are. Glitch or intentional ? #brexit #NoConfidence
Institute for Government responds to to Parliament's 'meaningful vote' via #Brexit
Of course he does. Last night and last month he didn't. #NoConfidenceMotion
British Prime Minister Theresa May faces no-confidence vote after Brexit humiliation
„If vote is given back to people, UK should be given more time”
Literally the only people who want Brexit are old nearly-dead bastards who it won’t affect and your typical racist football hooligan types.
Corbyn trying to make the debate wider than brexit, drawing attention to issues of poverty and decline that have been completely ignored over the last two years - and he's been decimated for it.
Sorry, might as well put on some reading on this as well. Hope you find it useful.
So "this parliament" didn't allow the EU Referendum, it was the previous parliament who could not bind this parliament. This Parliament never said they would honour the decision of the EU Referendum, David Cameron did, he cannot bind this parliament. #Brexit is all about lies.
How come you can call Theresa May out but not your friend and colleague who has done Exactly the same ? Hypocritical isn’t it ? I suppose you block people who tell the truth though like Naz Shah and Kate Osamor #fionaonasanya #brexit #theresamay
My girlfriend and I like to play games in the bedroom. Lately, we've been playing a game we call "Brexit," where I dress like the EU and she dresses like the British financial system and tries to get away. #Brexit #BrexitShambles
is currently the most searched for MP in our #BrexitVote tool, closely followed by and . Search your constituency to see how your MP voted and keep an eye out for our updated #ConfidenceVote version later tonight
Corbyn raced to have A50 signed, and backed its signing to start brexit. Now he cannot even answer the most Fundamental of questions. Opportunist and bandwagon man. Not a man of serious policy or principle.
Petition: Brexit re article 50 it must not be suspended/stopped under any circumstances
The Brexit Saga Is Far From Over - Here's What Analysts Are Expecting Now
In 2017 Theresa May lost her majority. In 2018, she lost her authority. Tonight, she lost her Brexit plan. So, what happens next? # via
Corbyn needs to listen to #Labour voices like Fiona's. He should be bossing Brexit now yet is somehow floundering
The UK rejects Theresa Mays crappy Brexit "deal." Now she faces losing her job. #TheresaMay #UK #Corbyn #Brexit
The coward
German industry lobby group warns of hard Brexit risks via They knew in 2018!!!
Watch out EUROPEAN MARKETS. Major Rally in work. Am already taken longs in dax30. #DAX30 #Brexit #Europe
Corbyn seems to want Brexit and definitely wants a general election - this scenario doesn’t seem unlikely to me #Brexit #BrexitVote #BrexitDeal
LISTEN: Shane #Ross and Simon #Coveney CAUGHT: private conversation about border checks, without knowing the microphone is still on #Brexit #govtLies #mediaBias #liveline #drivetimerte
Sister asks for a #brexit update. I update her. Her response: “Oh wow, it’s like a TV drama...
BBC News - Brexit vote: European 'surprise' at scale of defeat
THE BRITISH GOVERNMENT IS MAKING ME PAY £3 AT CUSTOMS FOR MY CHUU PHOTOCARD FUCK BREXIT!!! EVERYONE WE NEED TO DO SOMETHING ABOJR THUS
Thats one opinion. Mine differs. Just las Trump couldn't win Brexit couldn't happen. Tory Landlise was imminent To many are unable to think outside of what consensus tells them is true - no matter how many times that consensus opinion is proven wrong. Think out the box
Unpopular view I expect but the clever thing for Corbyn to have done would have been to say: I would be justified in placing no confidence motion but #Brexit is bigger than party advantage - talk to me now re way forward 1/
Correct. Deselection.
My fuckwit-ometer is pointing off the scale. #brexit
"The world’s most densely betwatted space at the best of times" - is the best description of parliament that I've ever heard. #brexit
DUP could have ensured this. still could do a lot to ensure brexit by abstaining today
BCC warns of business leaders "frustration" and "growing anger" over EU withdrawal . #BusinessNews #Brexit-
Brexit Betrayal , you represent a Leave constituency. We shall Never forget.
Steve Hilton: Original intent of Brexit - restoring freedom and sovereignty - buried by inept bureaucrats
The people voted to leave in the referendum and overwhelmingly voted for parties with manifesto promises to implement Brexit. Who runs this country, the people or Guy Verhofstadt? Back a #NoDealBrexit and then send May back to negotiate separate issue terms as appropriate.
Beginning to catch on yet? We lost WWIII, a contemporary cyberconflict won not through brute military force or hacking infrastructure but via low-cost social media offensive. Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
Good day to bury more Brexit news
Getting sick. Well and truly past that now. If uk was a person, they would be sacked for gross incompetency. No efta, Eu has just says no ext, no 2 ref; people’s vote in democratic. ALL remainers I’ve spoken to this am have agreed only option is revised deal and brexit.
Brexit came through finances to Farage! American mess is because there's PUTIN PUPPET in the White House!
Why is it always may on sky news. Brexit is pulling g my ear out
There is no brexit deal currently on the table that Corbyn and Labour can sign up to. Any prospect of one in the future is, at this stage, entirely hypothetical.
BREAKING NEWS! EU institutions and EU vassal states near the UK are panicking as they now fear a hard Brexit will hit them harder. They also believe their own lies, so they think it will hit them harder than they most likely should think.... How beautiful!
I support free movement post Brexit, with
Shambolic: Brexit bombs in Parliament, May gov’t teeters
I'll bet they did ... Rivals told PM to stay on despite Brexit defeat
The link between brexit and football is irrefutable. Look at Warnock last weekend #twat
Britain is left without a Brexit plan. It’s headed toward disaster.
It already inspires as much confidence as I have in Brexit by just looking at the thing - how can either concept fail? German car maker? Pah - we've shit 'em
New post: ASM reveals HMRC’s ‘Hard Brexit’ plans – updated
Speaking during Commons Scotland questions, Mr Mundell said: “I make no apology for supporting the Prime Minister's deal."
Tory MP for the Isle of Wight bangs on about ‘mandate’ and ‘will of the people’. 37% of a gerrymandered electorate voting on a fraudulently and illegally procured referendum result is no mandate at all. Why isn’t making this point? Because Labour wants Brexit too..
Can someone tell me what on earth the point of this #NoConfidenceVote is? Eleven Wednesdays between now and Brexit and this is how they are wasting one of them. It is unconscionable.
‘Brexit (May's defeat and a reaction from the people of Coventry including Coventry students)- 16th January 2019’ on #SoundCloud #np
Another Brexit voter! Peoples vote now #stopbrexit
If no one can make up their mind about Brexit I'll do it for them,At 11PM On march 29th we leave the eu under WTO rules ,any country wishing to trade with us can start unloading their ships on the next tide,
Hi Aaron. Well done matey: Lenin would have been proud of you for having helped to create the biggest political mess that the uk has ever faced. Job only half done. Next step full Brexit which will bring unemployment and the most left wing labour government the UK has ever seen!
Brexit has created a 'lost generation' of public services
Have the Tory's already forgotten that is was their votes against the deal that have put brexit in jeopardy? It's really odd listening to those who voted against, blaming the opposition. Angela Eagle - PM carrying on as if nothing has changed.... #NoConfidenceMotion
Amazingly frustrating debate on motion of no confidence. Accused of being robotic by repeating the same lines on defeated Brexit plan, Theresa May repeats: "I repeat..."
A GE will solve nothing. GEs are decided in marginals. Not a good way to measure opinion on a single issue. Neither main party has Brexit plan. Both parties (esp Labour) will be abandoned by former supporters disgusted by their current antics.
Comic irony: my Brexit contribution involves being Very Publicly Upset, but behind a paywall, and in a foreign language, which feels like an appropriate metaphor for disempowerment. (And now, I must trust not only Lars Løkke, but the journalist I hope caught my rage and sorrow.)
Why should there be a say on anything other than May’s deal or hard Brexit? The first people’s vote decided the issue of the ‘if’ now we just need the ‘how’
Everyone is getting sick of Brexit. But it'll be in the news headlines every day for the next 3 years.
If there's a lesson to be learned from #brexit it's don't give the electorate an opportunity to comment on something they don't really have a clue about - whether #Remain or #leave - too complex an issue for a simple yes or no!
REAL REASON FOR FAKE NEWS TATICS OF #Brexit , , SAKE OF INDUSTRIAL DATA FRAUD coverup..
Andrea Leadsom read out details of two non-Brexit-related bills which are in the order paper for tomorrow after the vote last night, so I think other business is still continuing
Bloody Platitudes. People didn't vote for such utter incompetence #PMQs #Maybot #NoConfidence #PMQs #Brexit
Also WTO Brexit break our international obligations under the Good Friday agreement.
...Cameron shld instead have resigned w honour. No Brexit fraud&amp;this calamitous bleeding of the nation's soul avoided. A reminder. (2/2 :
No but you might care to understand the facts. 17.4 million voted #Brexit. 50 million did not. 5 million blocked from voting. There are over 2 million more people entitled to vote now. There was major fraud, overspending and foreign collusion. #Remain
PH may be more attractive as Brexit hangs: British Chamber via
May’s Brexit debacle reaches a new low BY ISHAAN THAROOR On Monday, British Prime Minister Theresa May journeyed to the pottery manufacturing town of Stoke-on-Trent to deliver a final warning about the...
We’re running out of time before the #Brexit deadline could see us crash out of the EU, hurting women the most. stop playing politics and join our demands for a #PeoplesVote
This is just pure political opportunism by to use this #brexit to create chaos and get his foot in the door of number 10. The PM will win tonight and go back to the EU get a few things changed and the UK will leave on March the 29th (hopefully).#Conservative
More Brummies live on this afternnon with broadcasting from
FYI. URGENT ATTENTION OF ALL MEMBERS OF PARLIAMENT - REVOKING OR EXTENDING 'ARTICLE 50' NOT REQUIRED. IT IS ALREADY UNLAWFUL:
Over the last few weeks I’ve immersed my self in Terry Pratchetts Disc Word universe. Seems ultimately more plausible than governments #Brexit strategy
No matter what anyone says. We had a referendum and all parties promised to uphold the decision. #Leave won . That’s the top and bottom of it... #NoConfidenceMotion #Brexit
Thats the fundamental flaw in #brexit , Trying to extract four countries under the lie that they are one . Britain isnt a country but the uk gov has brainwashed so many "brits" creating a monster .
You're about to see a global liquidity slowdown. Central Banking will be left naked when this tides goes out. Brexit will the scapegoat like Labour is to 08 global crash.
#Brexit Breaking Point $OILB
'#arttourtips A perfectly engineered catastrophe': artists speak out after Theresa May’s Brexit deal is crushed by parliament :
EU ready to discuss new Brexit deal if UK changes 'red lines'
Brexit vote LIVE – Latest updates as Theresa May faces no confidence battle
At last, sane commentary on #Brexit. Trust Ben Mascall
British Prime Minister Theresa May faces a no-confidence vote today, a day after Parliament rejected her Brexit deal by a historic margin.
Brexit gone Theresa May essentially gone. Donald Trump next. #Brexit
The Tories are going to keep claiming that those hundreds of thousands of Labour votes belonged to THEM until Cirbyn comes out with where he stands on brexit. The country wants to know TODAY
How would you handle BREXIT. All of you snipe from the outside yet you don't care for what Britian voted for, its ppl like you who have STUFFED UP THIS COUNTRY,
"In the name of God, go!" Brexit-backing Wetherspoons boss Tim Martin has a message for Theresa May. |
#Remainer in chief desperately scrambling to gift £39+bln to her #EU overlords at ANY costs before blackmailed husband secrets outed? #Brexit #BrexitBetrayal #BrexitVote May Stares Into Brexit Abyss as Parliament Takes Control
Scotland LOOK AT UK CONTEMPT FOR ALL I will be Holyrood #Edinburgh tomorrow 11am-15pm to demand OUR EXECUTIVE SCOTS SOVEREIGN POWER Defend Scotland from British Nationalist danger OUR MANDATE #Indyref2 72 DAYS UK #BrexitChaos #DissolveTheUnion
You cannot 'stop' something which has already been voted on. It's pathetic. Anything less from a clean brexit is the ending of democracy, because it proves votes could be reversed if te elite doesnt like it.
Sterling rebound reflects expectations that no-deal Brexit less likely - business live
Just updated my article on Brexit Deadlock: What Next? Eleven weeks to go and Parliament defeated May's Brexit deal. What are the options: Delay (difficult), #CancelBrexit (easiest!) #BrexitVote More on: via
The left is not divided, it is 100% behind #JeremyCorbyn and 's democratic socialist programme. It is the right that is divided into two camps: the cynical so-called hard centre of and (effectively neoliberal right) and neocon right of Rees-Mogg &amp; co.
Feels like an end to the Brexit and remainers victory
How did your MP vote over May’s Brexit deal?
The Guardian view on May’s Brexit deal: it’s over, but what’s next? –Editorial #STEADYAKU47 #HusseinAbdulHamid #blogger
Junction 6 Northbound brexit is closed.
Steve snd others should watch this: and Britain needs to get real and stop talking about „we survived a world war“ we can survive a no deal brexit. What are the costs? Suckered into a fabricated Brexit dreamworld by folks who don‘t care anyway.
Steve Bell on May's desperate Brexit mission – cartoon
Brits NIX Brexit -
Fully mindful of our ethical position and on the basis of dispassionate analysis of feedback from our members, we are completely clear that, a) #NoDeal #Brexit would be very damaging &amp; b) the increasing uncertainty is not helpful.
Nobody backs May’s deal, realistically we’ve seen that, but she’ll keep going. And so much of the British public are blinded by xenophobia(and are just generally clueless) they’ll just blindly shout bRExIt mEanS bReXit without any idea of the consequences of a hard brexit/no deal
Maybe all right what you say. But for me it's the absolute lack of credible positioning re #Brexit which is so frustrating
I'm afraid this rings true for politics on both sides of the Atlantic
Only a General election can extend Article 50!! And here is why... #Brexit #BrexitShambles #GeneralElectionNow #Article50
Watching reaction from Europe today.
The #Brexit deal agreement proposed by the #PMMay failed drastically yesterday. Lost by 230 marginal votes.
There's a way out of May's Brexit hell - but are the Tories smart enough to spot it? via
If this is true what is there to fear over a no deal brexit
EU open to closer ties with Britain but no renegotiation of withdrawal deal: The EU would consider a potential British request for closer post-Brexit ties than London has sought so far, but will not… #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachKavanaugh #TheResistance
And you would have another referendum and then another and so on... Keep going until the minority get their way? One thing for sure. leave or remain. that deal was a no go,. agreed? and curencies would be volatile brexit or not? with how it was all headed in any case.
Theresa May omits Jeremy Corbyn from cross-party Brexit talks
Wow... How odd how the politics of the UK and the US are so weirdly parallel.... Both struggling to oppose far right leaders who aren't listening to these people. #Brexit #USUK
I added a video to a playlist After Brexit Vote defeat, 7 possible scenarios for UK
Ah - good point. I’m sure there are several archaic procedures like that which they have not completed! But given relevance of #brexit to Ireland... and role of DUP... maybe they could be encouraged!
I remember crossing Arlene's 'soft' border on a bus back in the 1980s. A young British soldier got on to check the bus and asked if anybody had a cigarette. He was carrying 2 guns. Needless to say, plenty of people offered him a cigarette. #brexit #hardborder
We’re running out of time before the #Brexit deadline could see us crash out of the EU, hurting women the most. stop playing politics and join our demands for a #PeoplesVote
'There is, however, an even better deal possible. This is one that includes 27 trade deals ready to go, zero tariffs, border co-operation, democratic involvement in the creation of rules, regulations and budgets, and 1/3 cashback on our membership fees.'
Theresa May is digging her heels in, Brexit, poverty, she doesn't care, she's effectively saying it's her way or no way #PMQs
I added a video to a playlist After Brexit Vote defeat, 7 possible scenarios for UK
Rejoining involves adopting the Euro, taking schengen &amp; losing rebate, so EU is not an option, given that and the 400+ majority for killing no deal, my guess is that an extension is inevitable with a summer vote, as ever I would be ok with a Norway+ based brexit but can't see it!
the state of British politics is the biggest joke of all many countries around world are laughing at PM her party and all other politicians in UK government over the Brexit fiasco
Agree
Ok this now takes us past delusional, and fits perfectly into Einstein’s definition of insanity.
The British people deplore Socialists like you and the pyramid scheme that is the EU which has been designed to enslave and make voters poor and accept genocide of the white race. This is what the EU stands for nothing else. I hope the yellow vests come knocking on your door.
Our country is broken.
Exactly... #Brexit #touché #potkettle
Brexit referendum was in 2016.
"A referendum that has been manipulated from outside." (read: Putin)
That's a win, win then........
Or how about they now implement no deal brexit as our negotiating partners (the EU) have been so unwilling to be grown up and sensible.
Imagine having to keep saying 'close relationship with the single market' all the time. Could they not have come up with a less blatant formula for equivocation?
The latest Volkmar's Daily Report! Thanks to #hitechcj #brexit
Says an MP putting forward a plan to block Brexit. Nick Boles and integrity need an introduction.....
"CAN I ask the Prime Minister, when will you realize #Brexit is shit?!" "Prime Minister's Questions" #PMQS
This more than made up for all today’s Trump/Brexit/Gillette shitposts. Legit LOL!
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
I was under no illusion that voting Leave meant leaving the SM and CU. I don't believe any other leave voters thought differently. The terminology of 'Hard' and 'Soft' Brexit only ever appeared after the vote.
If you’re a Welder in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a crisis for you. If you live in the North East of England then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this fiasco! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
That's definitely a parliamentary majority there, excellent.
Same as it was before 1975.
- you need to stop trying to censor because that is what you are actually doing. Is there some sort of Establishment decree that states UKIP must be kept out of the public eye and there name must not be published in UK media?
2016 has passed! Watching #MrsMay debating live. She wants to deliver #Brexit for the #British people - does she realise that many people have changed their opinions. Remember she did too once upon a time. #HouseOfCommons #sameoldstory #yawnyawn #peoplesvote #UK
Parliament is deadlocked. Brexit is in chaos. The people must now be given the chance to fix this mess. That's what's . Please sign the new petition at #LetUsDecide
Funny that, because I and many of my colleagues, associates, friends and family have said that if Brexit gets cancelled (because enough is enough) then MPs will be held in a much *higher* regard than the very low opinion everyone has of them at the minute!
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
's columns are the best thing about Brexit.
In light of all this Brexit talk, can I just say fuck Britain, the HoC, every party ‘represented’ and the farce of social democracy
My question is what would a no Deal Brexit mean for EU citizens wishing to enter the British sovereign territories of Cyprus, or for the EU citizens living in them?
COHEN: Hold a Second Brexit Referendum
#brexit forces brits to apply 4 employer-tied visas for - flyering @ Ibiza - tour rep-ing @ AyiaNapa - marketing @ Magaluf - waitering @ Rome - call centre-ing @ Amsterdam - being apprentice @ Berlin - running a shop @ Paris - games dev-ing @ Dusseldorf - media managing @ Madrid
UK PM May: Not Clear What Brexit Stance Labour Would Take In Action
Due to Brexit, here’s a photo of my dog
Totally agree
Everything else aside, if everybody knew that Article 50 is at best the end of the beginning of Brexit and that it would continue to rule our politics and news for another five years afterwards, I think Leave would be dead in the water.
Unica soluzione sensata cancellare la Brexit. Donald Tusk hints UK should stay in EU
The Thick of It. We *need* to see Señor Tucker vs. Brexit
This feels like a comedy skit
Also NB: No Deal Brexit Party (Tory ERGers plus a few of others) has around 120 MPs. About 1/5 of the Commons. No deal Brexit would be an economic, security, transport, etc disaster &amp; has no political legitimacy. It should be dead. Only Theresa May is keeoing it alive.
Magestic...
I guess that's why the pound goes up every time the global investor class thing the chances of a hard Brexit have reduced???
how can they each hassel for a brexit none are in control of ? open your eyes sheeple !
The only #Brexit roundup you need to read: skewers the whole sorry lot of them to perfecetion #fb
I’m increasingly of the opinion that May was the perfect patsy to ensure Brexit failed.
I am blocked because he wanted to argue that sausage rolls had more nutritional input than vegan sausage rolls.
National interest should always be ahead of party politics. Always!
No I’m not. She’s deciding herself. None of these rants have anything about policy. She hasn’t understood Kier’a plan and the way through Brexit at all. It’s like she blames Lab for this mess.
We only ever had a hard border because of Republicans, claims DUP's Sammy Wilson - hey sammy do you not want a united Ireland full of Irish speaking people,Irish dancing,ceile,s???? wearing loads of green on st pats day????? LMAO
- "The government is the servant of the people" Theresa May says in response to Ed Miliband who says "the government is the servant of this house". And there in a nutshell is the Brexit impasse.
Here is why #Brexit has become a Rubicon - neither of the major parties can either pursue or revoke Brexit without permanently damaging their legitimacy in the eyes of voters. They can't regain it either by focusing on domestic issues. This is the point at which both begin to die
Of course Trade on WTO, the desired goal of brexit.
#ERG obviously feel will run down the clock to #brexit day to a #nodeal - up to #remainers to break the deadlock by voting with tonight and using 14 days rule to elect a new Remainer PM who would pivot to #Norway and win house majority and 'f' the #ERG
'The inability to convert Brexit into an agreed set of tolerable policies tells us something crucial about what sort of thing Brexit is: an ideal of withdrawal that is at odds with basic realities of government and politics.'
I supported their manifesto despite their "ambivalence" on brexit, as did many many others. You can vote for a party without agreeing with everything. They know full well that 80% of members want a #PeoplesVote.
FYI. URGENT ATTENTION OF ALL MEMBERS OF PARLIAMENT - REVOKING OR EXTENDING 'ARTICLE 50' NOT REQUIRED. IT IS ALREADY UNLAWFUL:
REAL REASON FOR FAKE NEWS TATICS OF #Brexit , , SAKE OF INDUSTRIAL DATA FRAUD coverup..
We checked the impact of Brexit su AB INBEV. The Company will not be impacted unlike others.
Are the Labour MP's as confident as sCameron was? #NeverEndum #Brexit
So, Brexit. I’m a bit late to the party. Can someone sum up what’s happened so far. In 20 words or less would be great..
Britain in crisis as Parliament delivers historic defeat to Theresa May’s Brexit deal with EU /via
Yeh yeh, I'm just stating facts. Not sure why you have to shoot the messenger? It's very unfair that some people aren't bright but hey, that's life.
The US in their longest government shutdown in history, France torn by #yellowVest protests, and the UK in turmoil over #Brexit. It seems a pretty peaceful time in Canadian politics. #CdnPoli
Public sector #procurement arrangements will survive a no-deal Brexit
It seems to me that the only thing Brexit will do for the UK is eliminate their seat at the table.
If May is booted from her possition have I got news for you's Facebook will post a picture of baldrick with someone like 'new prime minister with cunning plan for Brexit' and I'll fucking scream.
Can't comment on the BBC David as I give up on it a long time ago. But he featured on a C4 News piece some time ago, and it was akin to a Tim Martin Hard Brexit Political Broadcast. Quite indulged by interviewer I reckoned. So, C4 better, but..............!
HoC is mirroring the UK population view accurately - indecision. We need a leader to NOT push a centre ground hash that no one accepts. But side with either Leave or Remain totally. Might as well upset 50% rather than 100%. I’d cancel brexit &amp; quietly apologise to everyone.
Totally agree on that. Immigration policies throughout Europe has been a disaster pushed by left-wing lobbies, even Brexit wouldn't have happened if it weren't for the uncontrolled immigration.
Brexit : « Enough is enough » via
"British banks soldier on through enduring Brexit impasse" -
Unfortunately they turned #Brexit to a political dogfight for power and not a national target.. It reminds me Greeks during the crisis. A humble Greek with business in UK.
I've had enough of these debates...can we put it to a lip sync and call it a day? #brexit
Theresa May lost big on her Brexit deal vote - here's what could happen now
PMQs verdict: Corbyn exposes May's empty offer of cross-party Brexit talks
No matter if Brexit or not. My friends in the United Kingdom will be my friends. I love you.
Certainly in living memory (by which I mean my memory). Also I don't think my original numbers were clear - 2 flats out of 9 voted, so it won a majority of votes but not overall. Much like Brexit.
BUT, a PV with a Remain option also needs a govt or HoC agreed Brexit option too. The parties, let alone Parliament, are too split/self-interested to agree that option to allow PV to become a reality. It would need a united parliamentary majority, which isn't going to exist soon.
There the ones bound by law to produce honest stats and they're the ones who brought us Brexit, so why don't you believe their figures?
Because so many people blindly vote blue without looking at the candidate. It’s incredibly frustrating. I think Brexit may have gone a big step towards people seeing that they can and should interact with and question MPs. Of course it’s hard to do that when he’s never here ...
That’s it, run away you incompetent oaf
"May tells MPs a General Election is 'the worst thing we could do' with #Brexit looming as it would bring chaos, division and delay". In case you hadn't noticed May, we already have the first two, and the third would actually give this nation a chance to fix your mistakes.
Brexit fam
Why an accidental Brexit could be the best thing for the UK via
This is still the best way to understand Brexit
If BREXIT never even happens does that mean England becomes Germany's bitch? (Churchill rolling over in his grave) #Brexit #England #Europe #Germany #UnitedKingdom
#Brexit Update...
Nobody in Ireland was made to vote again
Yes, I may be a disappointing and depressing lover but at least I'm not "let's see what the people of Ipswich think about Brexit" level disappointing and depressing.
Time wasting disrespectful joviality ofPM &amp;gov =sickening of crisis- appalling lack ofresponsibility; Must put uk 1st &amp; suspend a50 today- she must go
Andrew Scheer is Trump north - more so that Doug Ford. Voting for that jackass as our PM would be a giant mistake.
Amid Parliament’s Brexit Rebellion, a Tectonic Shift in How Britain Is Governed
Chelsea aka the far right
Ooh look. Someone disingenuosly suggesting a military coup. Is this even legal?
What happens now with Brexit? British PM Theresa May's big defeat leaves no clear options | Analysis by CNN's
Today marks 100 years since the prohibition amendment in the United States. (and you thought Brexit was bad.) via
Betting odds now point to Brexit delay — or even cancellation
Betting odds now point to Brexit delay — or even cancellation
My 7 y o niece knows about Brexit but was concerned when she heard about a ‘battle in Europe’ - I had to explain it’s not an actual battle
If our offer is seen as a trap by the other side, then part of the problem is that we didn't do a good job. That's what I care about. This going to a hard Brexit means hard border, I hope that's not gonna be tragic.
Prepare for government UKIP. Your time is nearing
Everything aside, I love the fact that almost everybody involved in the Brexit drama has become a metaphor expert. Opposition leader #Corbyn said, this very day, that UK PM #May is leading a "zombie government." #Brexit
As Brexit deal goes down in flames, exasperated Europe wonders what the Britons want A: Freedom. #MAGA #giletsjaunes #Brexit
The trouble is, wants a customs union. That's not #Brexit. We know your position, Jez. Why oh why would want to give you time of day? #Brexit #StandUp4Brexit #LeaveMeansLeave #BrexitVote #NoConfidence #NoDealNoProblem
Please give us a follow #Corbyn or #May #Brexit #PMQs
Wenger to lead the Brexit negotiations perhaps? We have been negotiating "a little bit with the handbrake" on so far
Our Brexit event in Edinburgh on 28 January feels more timely than ever. We're currently oversubscribed but have a waitlist open.
The director of the Confederation of British Industry (CBI) in Northern Ireland has called for a no-deal Brexit to be "taken off the table". YES.
Today’s top pics: Brexit deal rejection to bring chaos and more
Brexit impasse could be solved by a PeoplesVote cos if the people voted 4 Leave again Remainers like me would back a Brexit deal,if people have changed their minds when looking at the details we simply revoke Article 50;is it still the will of the people?
House prices stagnate amid Brexit uncertainty
“Far from advocating “socialism in one country” [...] Lexit supporters aspire to construct an alternative international order.”
To right it is incumbent to deliver .... almost three million UKIP votes managed to save your sorry skin at the last election but they will not be there to prevent Corbyn if you fail to deliver REAL BREXIT
"A group of 71 Labour MPs and 13 MEPs gathered outside Westminster on Wednesday to call on Corbyn to back a #PeoplesVote. Pro-Remain sources in Labour say that in total over 100 Labour MPs support a new referendum.
Only problem I see for that is that (unless a party wins promising no deal) we will have parties making promises on Brexit they won’t be able to keep in order to win votes
As Brexit deal goes down in flames, Europe wonders what Britons want - The Washington Post via The BBC wrote of threats to democracy in America. Americans voted for Trump, and they got him. Britons voted for Brexit. Explain that BBC!
It’s painfully obvious that none of these people who bicker like children are capable of running the country. Not 1 of them puts British people 1st. I don’t pretend to understand fully what Brexit means and how it will affect me or my family, but I do understand democracy #brexit
If any party had 1) Proven themselves to be trustworthy 2) Invested the social capital with 'The People' 3) Accurately read #Brexit/#IndyRef &amp; social media as people looking for participatory politics They'd do VERY well just now!! But they didn't!!
Mine were all ghosts but we'll all be dead post brexit
Too little too late personally The moment we trigger article 50, the PM should have opened arms and asked for a cross party committee to get what we could from Brexit, it’s great it’s finally being done as she has no choice but it’s too late
I have done brave things, cheerful thing, and now i'm going to slope off with some chocolate and ignore the Brexit fiasco some more.
After Brexit Vote defeat, 7 possible scenarios for UK
Brexit-voting town urges British MPs to grow up -
Philip Hammond still supporting blocking a no-deal Brexit and suggested last night that hed consider delaying Article 50. Insultingly, he claims this helps reassure UK business leaders. We all know he's not talking about 90% of British business owners.
Brexit brings you chaos and Division. Just saying.
Thats one opinion. Mine differs. Just as Trump couldn't win Brexit couldn't happen. Tory Landslide was imminent To many are unable to think outside of what consensus tells them is true - no matter how many times that consensus opinion is proven wrong. Think out the box
Seriously? No sense of shame then from supercilious ‘journalists’ that continue to elevate MayBot’s profile,determined to keep gruesome Tories in power irrespective of the decimation of our public services and millions of ppl’s lives! History will not look kindly upon any of you!
Monumental defeat for Brexit sparks chaos via
#Macron: Referendum 'manipulated' by #FakeNews, 'everybody' scared of No Deal
After yesterday’s humiliating rout, British PM Theresa May needs to ditch Brexit or else reap the harvest that comes with #BrexitShambles!
slowing 2 years prior to brexit
This Brexit business is an absolute shambles. Her deal gets defeated by the house of commons and now tory rebels will all vote confidence for May because she’s their party leader and then what? I’m tired of this
SCOTLAND ALREADY DECIDED! 62%! That's democracy!
I know it's the big news of the day, but given the general behaviour of our politicians and the public with regard to Brexit, I'd rather protect my kids from total despair.
Theresa May faces no-confidence vote after Brexit defeat, but most experts say she'll hang on
Brexit – what’s next for dentistry?
#JustSayNo to the EU, UN and the NWO.
As our elected representatives cannot seem to make a decision on brexit and seem to want to go back to the public for a decision can i have your £60.000 a year pay for doing your job for you
Brexit and no-confidence vote: Corbyn targets ‘zombie government’
I’m currently living in non-EU Switzerland, and the only people lip-wobbling about Brexit are British ex-pats, seemingly obvivious to the fact that they did their own personal Brexit some time ago.
But MPs probably will
As usual, Edwyn has it.
British comedy is hilarious it just is!
Look at how tanned he is! This guy ruined the country and dipped but he's living his best life regardless kmt
Not at all, - a 2nd Ref invites another Leave maj. No guarantee that the option that's needed, #NoBrexit, would be on the ballot. If we can't get a Brexit that's better than what we have, we should all acknowledge that and simply withdraw Article 50
It's too late. Verhofstadt saying EU will not prolong Brexit beyond EU elections in May. That means there is not enough time left to hold a second referendum #BrexitVote
All you need to say, labour activists, is whether you support brexit, or not! If you do, we Remainers cannot vote for you whatever other arguments you use.
"Labour Party members, Labour Party voters who are overwhelmingly in favour of a People's Vote want their own party to get on with it" on the need for Corbyn to back a People's Vote if the no confidence vote does fail. Demand the final say &gt;
"Brexit deal defeat knocks London's blue chip stocks as pound weighs" -
Vince, just sit down and have a cuppa old boy.
#brexit forces brits to apply 4 employer-tied visas for - flyering @ Ibiza - tour rep-ing @ AyiaNapa - marketing @ Magaluf - waitering @ Rome - call centre-ing @ Amsterdam - being apprentice @ Berlin - running a shop @ Paris - games dev-ing @ Dusseldorf - media managing @ Madrid
Parliament are mainly remain so couldn't get clean brexit through... Would love for all the anti BREXIT MPs to have to hold bi elections to check their support still stands.
Watching #MotionofNoConfidence debate clear to me huge Parliament divisions over #Brexit have been caused by the narrow result of vote, 48% to 51% plus recent revelations of the illegal activities of Vote Leave. Every time PM says 'will of British people' I wanna scream
I don't understand how anyone can be a socialist and support Brexit - how can you believe in solidarity with the working classes, the poor and oppressed groups, yet believe that same solidarity should end at the border?
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
Belgian finance minister says the British are masters of shooting themselves in the foot and of creating additional chaos. Most exposed Belgian companies not (yet) ready for hard Brexit.
FYI. URGENT ATTENTION OF ALL MEMBERS OF PARLIAMENT - REVOKING OR EXTENDING 'ARTICLE 50' NOT REQUIRED. IT IS ALREADY UNLAWFUL:
For Europeans in the UK, for Brits abroad, the limbo and angst continue. As a Brit in Germany, I hope for another referendum, though I won’t be able to take part myself, having lived away too long to be able to vote there anymore. #Brexit #Britain ...
You'll read a lot of articles about brexit today, but none are as well-written and coffee-spittingly funny as this one from
This is where we stood on June 22nd 2016. What's new. Now it's time for the government to honour the referendum result and deliver a WTO Brexit. Two years of fucking about has got us precisely nowhere.
A UK Parliament after Brexit can block Chlorinated Chicken. If they did sign it, then vote them out. A UK Parliament in the EU can't and you couldn't stop it if the EU went that way.
Mega Brexit: Build a big fuckoff wall around the shores, live in complete isolation and evolve into a different species. We'll be known as Homo Brexus and our economy will be underpinned by poundland stores and we'll pray to St Farage with holy offerings of Carling and pukka pies
Family i want things back to. Normal.. no more racist people in goverment i smell it your gone.
No-one ever calls it the 'gymnasium' anymore, or the 'avocado pear'. Brexit Britain.
Divine comedy... 'Great theatre – but tragic': Europe's media reacts in horror to May defeat
This giver has not negotiated well, that’s for sure. However Brexit only made it through because of lies from this idiot and Boris
how can they each hassle for a different kind of labour brexit none are in control of ? open your eyes sheeple !
At least Queen Marina continues to reign whilst it rains. NEVER LEAVE US.
Farage says Brexit majority will be BIGGER if there is new referendum
If the people want Brexit, it's hard to understand why the MPs won't give it to them (but then again the same nonsense happens here, too!!!)! Sending hugs and snuggles and prayers!
They're the ones bound by law to produce honest stats and they're the ones who brought us Brexit, so why don't you believe their figures?
Of course they wouldn't try to make Brexit profitable for the UK, why would they and why should they?
The only thing I can see happening is a hard Brexit lol, losers hahaha
What a dick. #Brexit
Today’s quote of the day from a cameraman friend: “Brexit is getting like the hundred years war”
Maybot on repeat. Dear god please make her go away. Refusal to change anything GO AWAY #brexit
reports ‘Champagne corks popped at Rees-Moggs’ - one would have thought he should have been on the English Sparkling Wine rather than French produce. Of course, he’ll be sorted no matter what happens. Out of touch as ever! #brexit #toriesout
Dominic Grieve will ensure the are finished as a political party. He's intent on going against Brexit and the government on every vote so after the confidence vote why doesn't withdraw the whip.
yeh but what does it mean when the 'order order' man shouts 'unlock' cos to me it sounds hes trying to say some harry potter spell #Brexit #BrexitVote #BrexitShambles
No Deal BREXIT ! #WTO #WTOrules !
Hold a Second Brexit Referendum
5 things to know for January 16: Brexit, William Barr, Kenya, El Chapo, shutdown – CNN
Wake Up Call: With Deal Rejected, Lawyers Urge Companies to Prepare for ‘Hard’ Brexit
why can't we now have a people's vote with two choices on the ballot paper. 1 Accept Theresa May's deal 2 No deal brexit. Take the decision away from parliament.
Well said
Like the way the favourite amongst those that want yo depose Corbyn Yvette Cooper isn't in there at all! Quite telling really. They'll take her Lexit (same as Corbyn's btw) over all of these dullard's "people's" vote! #Lexit #Brexit #Peoplesvote
His face triggers me
The suggestion, as I understand it, is to wrest control from the government on the single issue of Brexit, in the unique &amp; extraordinary circumstance that the government's own Brexit plan has been rejected by 2/3rds of the House of Commons.
Peoples vote with a 'cancel Brexit' option?
VIDEO - CNN’s Berman on Brexit Defeat: Putin Is ‘Smiling’ Right Now
Theresa May has very little time to propose a new plan for #Brexit after being rejected last night by the majority vote of 432 to 202 #mubxl
British PM Suffers Historic Defeat As Brexit Crisis Deepens
Utter poppycock!
German insurance trade body warns of Brexit threat to bond yields
Exclusive! Get something unique that really matters. Price: $786K miafere.com .com #ksa #KSA_SPORTS #okaz #hayat #Brexit #BrexitVote #brexitdebate
'a political rom-com = brexit' genius
Labour MPs declare support for second Brexit referendum
If a good Brexit deal can be negotiated over the next few weeks then presumably all leave voters will be satisfied and would vote as they did before, giving them even more of a victory. So why are so many afraid of a #PeoplesVote?
Humanity gonna go extinct
Tory Mark Francois assures Theresa May that he is willing to put party before country........ Isn't that how we got here in the first place? #brexit #BrexitVote #PMQs #ConfidenceVote #NoConfidenceVote #conservatives
Here is the News #BrexitChaos #brexitdebate #ToryBrexitShambles #news #whatnext #EuropeanUnion #Brexit #TheresaMaysDeal #NoDeal #NoConfidenceMotion
‘Worst Thing We Could Do': UK’s May Says Election Means Extending Article 50: via
Live coverage of #BrexitShambles #brexit vid via idiotsinvehicles
It lasted 41 years because it was a bloody good idea, Brexit is so poor it’s falling apart before its bet implemented.
BBC News - WTO rules: What happens if there's a no-deal Brexit?
Just brilliant. Even by already exceptionally high standards. Thank you : RT My bit about the Westminster Brexit shitshow
Oh Brexit! You silly...
Proven Brexiter Jeremy Corbyn ducking and diving on #PeoplesVote question from David Lammy. He`s pushing for a G.E. Party before country. #MotionOfNoConfidence #NoConfidence #NoConfidenceDebate #HouseofCommons #Brexit
Brexit OFF = Mission Accomplished ! ( duet with agent Ethan Hunt )
is hard headed, and sadly if this was a business (which government pretty much is) the business would have collapsed and if she was ceo etc, she would be kicked out.
Except we aren't that stupid, ....are we?
Shambolic: Brexit bombs in Parliament, May gov’t teeters
fighting for a #Russian backed &amp; paid for #Brexit (check all MPs &amp; brit MEP's bank accounts). #brexSHITs don't hide behind the "Will of the people" or democracy, just look up "Quangos" in the uk to see democracy in action. #EU #REMAIN
What stupid or malicious intent motivated British politicians to hold a #brexit plebiscite in the first place? They know people are not informed enough about the consequences of Britain's departure, the potential for dividing the UK. What eejits!
Corbyn's position explained. A benign fantasy:
We interrupt the current Brexit doom and gloom to bring you bunnies.
So why can't this be used in the brexit context??? We can still cooperate with countries once we've left the EU Brian. And we did play a small role in the outcome of world war two may i remind you.
Brexit vote: Donald Tusk hints UK should stay in EU
Interesting how the Leaver quotes the vote both as 'conclusive' and 'non conclusive' in the same interview...
Good, quick explanation of Brexit. If you're like me I need background info. The UK public elects Members of Parliament (#MPs) to represent their interests and concerns in the House of Commons. A "second referendum" would mean a 2nd vote on whether Brexit should take place.
Two important points about #govermentshutdown analysis: 1. The impact is exponential; it grows the longer it goes on. 2. It is happening simultaneously with #Brexit, #China slowdown, &amp; slowing #EU growth. This all adds up to &gt; #headwinds to 2019 growth.
#Brexit Update...
#brexit forces brits to apply 4 employer-tied visas for - flyering @ Ibiza - tour rep-ing @ AyiaNapa - marketing @ Magaluf - waitering @ Rome - call centre-ing @ Amsterdam - being apprentice @ Berlin - running a shop @ Paris - games dev-ing @ Dusseldorf - media managing @ Madrid
There’s an awful bang of brexit off Pearce. No coincidence his opinion has to do with something a foreign coach has done.
Well Tim a Corbyn Government would be the biggest risk to the economy and a no deal Brexit the second. So good strategy!
The Ever Ready Gammons showing their order of priorities are; Pensions first, Party second, Public last.
3 United Kingdom ETFs to Watch After Failed Brexit Deal
Ken Clarke for Prime Minister #PMQs #Brexit
#ERG obviously feel will run down the clock to #brexit day to a #nodeal - up to #remainers to break the deadlock by voting with tonight and using 14 days rule to elect a new Remainer PM who would pivot to #Norway and win house majority and 'f' the #ERG
why is this breaking news lmao, they've all been campaigning for one non-stop for the last two years
At this stage, the argument for 2nd Ref. is a moot point. Brexit is over. Next up: major inquiry into how this Gov. where allowed to cause so much chaos, wasting billions of taxpayers money, and all accountable to face charges for criminal negligence. Ep 2. What they were hiding.
I find all this brexit sh*t quite funny.Its nice to feel like i'm on the outside lookin in.I got no time for most the people in this(5th richest)Country,their silly debates &amp; argumuments,until u sort out the Tory created foodbanks,rise in homeless...
Oh no it’s not! Start working together to sort Brexit out for the sake of everyone in Wales.
No-deal Brexit: what are the implications for British travellers?
DJ live-streams his ‘Brexit DJ set’ outside the Houses of Parliament
Oh mate. You really can’t talk about being disingenuous. “Jobs first Brexit”.
I do actually agree with this ngl, also you have to see how Labour are not all that different. LAB need to actually work to try and get the DUP onside first of all then eliminate her (which won't happen). An election would see zero progress on Brexit.
The problem isn't Brexit. Brexit is merely a symptom. Neoliberal governance, casino capitalism on crack cocaine and bribe taking politicians ... those are the true problems.
#brexit in one picture at this stage she should just face the fact that she’s been defeated last night in a vote and let labour take over. #debate #TheresaMay
Anyone voting for Soap &gt; Water is a psychopath
That's worrying.
No, EU told UK in front of cameras that UK must tell them what UK wants.
May's mission impossible on Brexit
Maybe it's undeliverable BECAUSE our politicians are a joke?
Brexit on the brink - today's daily edition illustrated by . To subscribe to the daily edition:
Thank you. There's certainly an argument for that. In reality, even if the border issue is resolved the dissolution of citizens rights is a breach of the Good Friday Agreement. There is no version of Brexit that doesn't risk the treaty.
QUISLING ALERT: Screwing Grantham Voters. #LeaveEU #Brexit #PremierLesgue #England
I have no confidence in motions of no confidence. We need to deal with Brexit not General Election unicorns
Not frightened of No Deal. Don’t think it would be great-deal much better-but its default if deal not struck. Principal concern is majority in Parliament appears to exist to block No Deal &amp; speaker seems ready to assist in doing so. Deal might be best version of Brexit possible.
COLUMN-As global growth clouds darken, sterling may not be hostage to Brexit fortune: McGeever
'Parliament must "finish the job" and deliver Brexit, she says, while an election would delay it.' Really? So why did you hold one in 2017 you clown? via
Nothing changes, nothing ever can Round and round the roundabout and back where you began
I'm loving this...
Prolonging the Brexit saga makes the EU looks like a club you can't leave – and Eurosceptics will lap it up
Only a General election can extend Article 50!! And here is why... #Brexit #BrexitShambles #GeneralElectionNow #Article50
Should we be #Brexit stress testing #pensions savings? How should we do it? Adrian Boulding gives his view in this article published in Money #Marketing here! #FinTech
FYI. URGENT ATTENTION OF ALL MEMBERS OF PARLIAMENT - REVOKING OR EXTENDING 'ARTICLE 50' NOT REQUIRED. IT IS ALREADY UNLAWFUL:
Poll please, everyone ... ! Have your say: Brexit - what should happen next?
Extension not needed ........ REAL BREXIT ..... NOW
We want Brexit
Worm
What will be the fallout from Britain's failed Brexit deal? Explore these three ETPs that provide investment exposure to the United Kingdom. ...read more Read more here: 3 United...
A GE won't solve Brexit - not unless labour is standing on the exact opposite of the government to, you know, give us a choice. Totally rad idea having an opposition I know.
This is how negating reality and common knowledge of economics, management, logistics, finances etc. looks like. Show me at last one new written, signed and binding trade deal because of #Brexit - there is not ANY. But there are plenty of damages and costs to be paid. #strange !
Brexit : « Enough is enough » via
In case you missed it, here's our #Brexit roundtable webinar on the outlook for $GBP and London stocks with analysts , and :
Labour MPs seem oblivious to what is happening, they are caught up in the trivia of the day &amp; the PM knows it! When is a LABOUR MP going to correct or ask Corbyn where he stands on Brexit?
You need to get over your own intoxication to suggest a reasonable, feasible alternative to essentially what secures frictionless cross border trade with EU states, prior to the negotiation of a future trade agreement. The Sequencing won't be resequenced.
No need to worry, the Tory party will implode very soon and split altogether. Today is part of the process.
Labours Brexit Pledge, 2017 manifesto
Brexit’s Many Twists and Turns, in Flow-Chart Form via
Another annoyance about Brexit aside from the thing itself.. is the miss pronunciation of the word itself! It’s Br- EX-It as in exit - NOT Br - EGG-zit as in Egg! #brexitdebate #pronunciation #Brexit
Patrick Harvie says for supporters of Scottish independence, "we could hardly wish for a better advert for our cause than the shambolic, absurd theatricalities we've seen at Westminster" over Brexit. Mike Russell says Scotland "will have to make a choice at some point"...
REAL REASON FOR FAKE NEWS TATICS OF #Brexit , , SAKE OF INDUSTRIAL DATA FRAUD coverup..
« Originally appeared at ZeroHedge The uncertainty continues. The U.K. government faces a vote of no-confidence, while the shape of Brexit is still unknown after parliament...
Ze Germans had the better cover
Totally with you on Brexit, but totally disagree with a discredited Conservative Party on NHS, school funding, taxation and everything else. Labour hamstrung by a useless leader and his sycophantic cabal. We're doomed from the left and from the right.
She also said that she would do brexit. When
This would all be really interesting and dramatic if it wasn't, y'know, real life. #Brexit
What next?: Theresa May loses big over her Brexit deal via
Brexit vote: European 'surprise' at scale of defeat
117 had no confidence in her leadership. 118 had no confidence in her Brexit deal. To vote anything other than #NoConfidence In her government is self serving hypocrisy. From to Do the right thing! #GeneralElection
British MPs vote overwhelmingly to reject Brexit deal - Anatolia Turk News
Yet not a single signatory from the simpleton messiah's front bench.
Labour MPs declare support for second Brexit referendum thanks v much
This is the only political opinion I would like to hear regarding the recent Brexit vote.
May defo wants to leave the EU. She doesn’t want to give a second referendum. She doesn’t have a deal. So only thing she is willing to deliver is a disastrous crash out of EU. However, will these 650 MPs still let her lead The Great Britannia? #PeoplesVote #Brexit #MindBlown
Sure tis a perfect day for it, . Brexit Borderlands: Explore the EU's newest land frontier, Britain's oldest problem and Brexit's biggest obstacle... #Brexit #backstop
EU's Tusk suggests UK should cancel Brexit
Because polls have shown that a lot of people have changed their mind. In addition to the fact that many people do not want a no deal Brexit. Things aren’t the same as they were in 2016
I truly believe there was foul play in this!
How does Theresa May know exactly what the Leave vote meant in the 2016 referendum (other than Leave)??? She does not know! #Brexit
Don't worry #McDonalds's only 72 days to #Brexit and the #EU won't have jurisdiction in the UK anymore... "McDonald's loses trademark case against Irish chain Supermac's"
Monumental defeat for Brexit sparks chaos - CNN via
Steve Hilton: Original intent of Brexit - restoring freedom and sovereignty - buried by inept bureaucrats
The German dominated EU ( German european dominance via the backdoor ) will be once again thwarted by the Brits/ Brexit. Not that we wish our German cousins ill will...it's the politicians and bureaucrats in the crosshairs. Hopefully, Brexit will start the dominoes to fall..
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
Never a finer word spoken.
So you've said I don't know what I'm talking about, told me to research it myself, told me not to believe most of the things I would research and failed to identify anything that's actually wrong. Let me guess, you voted for Brexit? Hot air and tin foil, that all.
sensible thing would be to focus on brexit but no , Corbyn WILL be prime minister no matter the cost and chaos it brings to the UK
BREXIT – UK Parliament Rejects Withdrawal Agreement
The reason we're talking about a second referendum is because leavers have failed to enact brexit. And they've had every opportunity including a GE.
In the 2017 election I voted for Labour, not because they 'promised to deliver' Brexit but because it was the only way, with FPTP, to reduce May's majority. It worked. I am not alone. #Brexit Please retweet if you agree.
Devolution is under threat from Brexit as evidenced by Westminster's powergrab to add to all the broken promises BT made to win the indyref for No. Anyway, nice talking to you. I have to get ready for work now. Best regards.
'So, the Dutch tax payer pays hundred of milions of euro's due to the lability of UK politicians?' 'Yeah, that sums it up' #Brexit via
They could still give a good Brexit to get us out of the EU and still win an election, but they are giving up that opportunity for self serving power and not the needs of the people #NotSoSimple
#brexit forces brits to apply 4 employer-tied visas for - flyering @ Ibiza - tour rep-ing @ AyiaNapa - marketing @ Magaluf - waitering @ Rome - call centre-ing @ Amsterdam - being apprentice @ Berlin - running a shop @ Paris - games dev-ing @ Dusseldorf - media managing @ Madrid
Mark Francois. Now there's a dickhead #Brexit
British expats buy cheaper pints as Brexit chaos threatens Spanish idyll
She's going round in circles. Without DUP support on government's #brexit policy there will have to be an election.
just stop it now, Ms Truss The choices available are leaving without a deal, passing a version of May's deal, no Brexit The first will not happen and the second MUST not happen (as all versions of her deal lead inexorably to a permanent customs union and quasi-SM). Revoke A50
Fat chance, the are in denial. Furthermore, I think they have signed a pact with the devil. If Brexit in any form occurs, the first thing to go, will be an expensive and partial broadcasting service. #peoplesVote
Well as Brexit hasn't been implemented yet.. Not sure which parallel universe your in.. Zanussi perhaps.. Or Uranus?!
No mate we arent
It’s bad enough having to listen to his fairy stories, but having to listen to them like they’re objective fact is infuuurrrrrrriating!!
“welcome to the Blunderdome” Brilliant.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has called Theresa May's administration a "zombie government" that "cannot govern" and urged its resignation. #Brexit
#Brexit = All Brits are under a huge fan=the EU membership,blowing vertically up. #Brexteers produces nonsense which like smelling fecal matter floats over due to the generated pressure. #Brexit will be turning off the fan, so everything will fall,all Brits will be dirty&amp;smelly.
MPs take another vote on Brexit
Citizens Assemblies work in other fields - think Citizen Science, Citizens Juries and variations.. my fear is that for the most divisive issue of our time such a proposal will be too late
IT'S A PRISON CHAIN.
Another great one.
He said he will.have more votes of no confidence. Could be he is running down the clock. We get a hard brexit and he blames the Tories. The people's vote still on the table to get remainer votes to get labour elected. It will then disappear.
Equally where did I even suggest man should be used. We want the best equipped and most skilled persons in each sector talking about Brexit, if that is a “white man” great, of not, its also great.
British, American governments in turmoil. The news just keeps on getting better for Vladimir Putin.
In need of some light relief from Brexit woes? Enjoy this hilarious live TV moment on Sky News earlier. #MaryPoppins
Yes. We have fake news here too. Most of it from the anti-Brexit and anti-D. Trump people in the UK media.
#corbyn clearly doesn't want an election - the only where he could get one is to convince tory backbenches to vote against the PM - but he bangs on preaching to the converted - surely the day could be better spent trying to deliver #Brexit
After Brexit I am going to start smuggling french cheese into the UK for you guys. I'm not going to let you lead brie and camembertless lives.
#TheresaMay says #Brexit should reflect the EU Referendum i.e. it should be dishonest and criminal in its execution #peoplesvote
Remain or leave? Ay, that is--still--the question! To mark the occasion of the vote on #TheresaMay's deal, put together a photographic journey thru #Brexit #PHOTOS #memories #Memorial
Yeah, it was a bad Brexit deal from the Conservatives but how could Labour do any better? I think we will see the tables turn soon
Palace are shite mate. Not brexit at all
5 things to know for January 16: Brexit, William Barr, Kenya, El Chapo, shutdown – CNN
David Cameron says he does not regret calling Brexit referendum
World stocks hold nerve after May’s Brexit defeat, pound steady #business #globalbiz
Keighley Labour MP John Grogan and Shipley Tory MP Philip Davies speak of why they voted against Government as Commons rejects Brexit deal
I don't trust Corbyn to include an option to remain. I'd much prefer #RevokeArticle50 and let UK reset, while MPs go back to the people with the facts of what a disaster Brexit is. They must follow what the people want, which is now #Remain .
David Cameron Says He Does Not Regret Calling Brexit Referendum via
i wish i could enrol in it!
Surely focussing in the right things from a position of strength makes more sense... shooting the country in the foot will only make the long journey of fixing those things even longer... stop brexit all together is actually the answer
Despite Brexit, Binance Shines Light On UK Crypto Enthusiasts
Putin is a sly rascal! He knows what he doing! Wake up people! He is dividing the West, he discriminating minorities and he cutting down on freedom in his own country.
So many plans for Feb!! #brexit ‚What’s happening next’ for dummies, extensive guide. #TheVeryDefinitionOfAPlan #GoalsGoalsGoals #PlentyOfSpaceForImprovmentInFeb #NoHangingAround #Overperforming
Brexit decision route?
Conservatives of the world: Always on top of all the popular thin- oh wait.
See How Rolls-Royce Production Could Be Adversely Affected By Brexit
Blogged: the Brexit referendum might well have been illegitimate - but so too might be a People's Vote:
For a slightly more cautious approach, see here: That's probably enough for now! 3/3
I want to praise Grieve for redeeming himself on Brexit but last political figure I did that to fled the country to work for Facebook.
. must say clearly which of her so called ‘red lines’ she is prepared to compromise on. If she does not we won’t see progress on #Brexit. We need a general election now so that can take the lead in negotiating our exit from the #EU.
#ToriesOut Britain has surged to the extreme right in the last year and This is the Last Chance to Reverse This!!! Happy extreme Brexit sailors with their Union Jack shorts knit not How Dsngerous and Will Rue This Day!!!!
Anyone is better than Corbin the remainders May just cause Brexit to happen
Brexit has caused her to rub a full tin of quality street on her chops.
The issue is Brexit so May jumps at any opportunity after a defeat to change topic to Labour vs Con. She leaps at Coybn with knives out. Attack, attack, attack with glee. Corbyn neither blocks or tackles well, so May’s knives shred him. He usually walks away looking confused.
Why should the EU take any blame? What have they been responsible for doing nothing wrong, the blame lays squarely upon the UK government, the UK referendum voters and the UK parliament.
And you were telling me earlier, in an attempt to disprove your Remain editorial bias, that Gauke was grappling to deliver Brexit, which means leaving the Customs Union. Gauke is a Remainer. He doesn't want Brexit. The BBC doesn't want Brexit.
Only solution is definitely NOT Save Brexit and Stop Britain! It IS Scrap Brexit and Save Britain...
Brexit: MPs debate no-confidence motion after May's deal defeat – Politics live
Well #Remoaners... you didn't think the #EU would let members continue to manage their own economies did you. #LeaveMeansLeave #Brexit #WTOBrexit #NoDeal
Bad timing for any form of Brexit. Storm clouds gathering
Stay the course BREXIT!
This is also what it was like being a sanvers stan in 2018 why is this a common theme in my life
I have always had the impression the British Parliament looks more like a Pub because of the way politicians behave. Maybe May is drunk because she is playing the "broken record" strategy and has tunnel vision... #Brexit
#WeThePeopleStandWithTrump #BuildTheWall #HoldFast We must STAND OUR GROUND. So Proud Of President Trump.
David Cameron: I don't regret calling referendum. This just goes to show how removed from the reality of Brexit this stuck-up cock-womble actually is.
excuse me? doesn't he have bigger problems to worry about? tomorrow is 1 entire month since riots started, they're calling it a revolution at this point and might see him deposed so mek him gwaan
From IoD Director General Stephen Martin - “It is the collective failure of our political leaders that, with only a few weeks to go, we are staring down the barrel of no deal”. #brexit #latest #twist
No, I don’t doubt that a no-deal would have some level of disruption, but it also depends on how much remainers try to stop Brexit preparations. I get that you don’t want Brexit, but creating blockers does not help the UK. The benefits will outway the short term disruption.
Having said that, anything is worth trying to get rid of this government for, so I do hope there is one. It just needs to come with an extension of A50 to allow time
I just reported her fake pro -Brexit Russian account.
Brexit would've been a disaster no matter who headed it up. Hope this helps!
Can we stop pissing about with Brexit and get on with the important stuff, like whether i need to change my letterbox
We must remove those who seek to destroyer our freedom. Those who are puppets, conspirators with a foreign despot. #Brexit #maga #trump #RussianAgent #russia
Caught him on the radio this morning without knowing who it was, and my ears pricked up as I thought "Wow, who is this politician finally talking with intelligence and real sense..???" I should have guessed instantly it couldn't be "one of them"...#Brexit #BrexitShambles
Kill #brexit, defeat Putin
Could become a modern piece soon. #brexit
Staggering that people supporting a no-deal are saying we could rise from the ashes like post-WW2. Do you realise you're literally saying you wish to VOTE for wartime conditions?
Brexit has been sabotaged at every turn almost like this was all intentional to subvert it.
May’s government faces no-confidence vote after huge Brexit defeat
World stocks hold nerve after May’s Brexit defeat, pound steady
I wonder how many couples have named their kids "Brexit"?
World stocks hold nerve after May’s Brexit defeat, pound steady
This consensus building stiff is utter nonsense. The house is so divided on Brexit, ranging from no Brexit to extreme Brexit and everything inbetween, that the notion of reaching any agreement in 70 days is fanciful at best.
Please RT. The doesn't usually directly address the UK. Not warning us about unstructured departure, just declaring solidarity with our position as fellow citizens. It would work to strengthen Great Britain if we could end this futile bid to leave
Petition: Walk away now! We voted for a No Deal Brexit
Theresa May has clearly concorted (with Brussels) the worst possible #Brexit deal possible. Not leveraging the fact UK would be the single largest EU customer and that they would hand over £39b. Yet #DUP will still back her in the vote of confidence?
Let’s hope that the #UK comes to its senses and ends this silly #Brexit nonsense. I’d hate to see the #EU delete 1 GB of space!
This is the problem, millions of people in the UK don't comprehend how devastating No-Deal will be for the UK. It's absolute madness.
My plan. Scrape brexit and fuck up the EU from the inside. If we are such Billy Big Bollox then we can do this.
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
'No guarantee an election will deliver a parliamentary majority' May faces no confidence vote following Brexit deal defeat LIVE NOW:
The EEA isn't "quasi Remain". Norway is not a member of the EU. If you oppose the EEA don't complain if Brexit doesn't happen at all &amp; if you think the EEA is worse than EU membership then you should have never backed Leave in the first place.
Corbyn accuses May of being in denial over Brexit deal in PMQs
UK parliament #Brexit debate live:
I'd like to add that ANY Brexit will deprive common people from calling EUGH to prevent further meltdown of social achievements and consumers'/workers' rights. The loss of free movement could turn workers into hostages for industries (e.g. must sign 0hr contracts, work 3 jobs,..)
"I might pretend to be all principled over Europe, but rest assured if it runs the risk of me losing my comfy gig in Parliament and the chance to honk about things, I am more than prepared to break character."
Brexit is something I really don't understand.
#Brexit is dead . #Euro survive
Should Kane rub his MBE on his ankle to get a quick remedy
At this time I don't know if their doing it on purpose to stall for a hard brexit or not having a deal so that article 50 "asking" for one will trigger a no brexit, literally polar opposites.
The BBC perpetuating the idea that it's on the EU, somehow, to make concessions during negotations with a less powerful entity that itself has pre-set 'red lines'. Britain is no longer a superpower, accept it - it's ok.
Britain's a small country. Get used to it.
If you want to know how far Theresa May has taken Brexit negotiations watch past episodes of Gogglebox, the same tact the same rhetoric ad nauseam since 2016......nothing has changed! #GeneralElectionNow #NoConfidence
In the next stage of the Brexit process, if she is going to have any success, the Prime Minister might have to accept that she is not the only politician who thinks they are able to interpret the people's will.
Ummm .... Brexit hasn't happened yet so there are no savings owed to NHS ....only when UK leaves the EU and institutions of EU will we see these savings unlocked from UK contributions to EU .... don't be a slow learner
She knows if she favours one side or another she'll upset the other half and there'll be unrest but she can always put off brexit to another day with an extension of article 50. Extend long enough and it'll never happen
#ThingsThatAreBadForYourHealth Tory government. Brexit.
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK - CNNPolitics #SmartNews Trump’s gotta go!
No one knows what was voted “for” when it comes to #Brexit
The EU will happily punish Britain for 'Greek Fallacy' on Brexit - Business Insider
I don't necessarily disagree with you in spirit, but I understand their timing in a sense. My worry (from an Indy pov) is that Brexit is halted and it kills Indy for at least a generation.
Can all be done within a week !
The noes tweeted it: which MPs can you spot in the Brexit division lobbies?
What a fiasco, what a waste of time, what a shame #brexit
#Brexit = All Brits are under a huge fan=the EU membership,blowing vertically up. #Brexteers produces nonsense which like smelling fecal matter floats over due to the generated pressure. #Brexit will be turning off the fan, so everything will fall,all Brits will be dirty&amp;smelly.
Speaches by First Vice-President Frans Timmermans and Chief Negociator Michel Barnier as a reaction to yesterday's rejection of the Withdrawal agreement by the British House of Commons #Brexit
May’s Brexit Deal Failed. What Happens Now? - The New York Times
'It's a shambles': the view from the country on Brexit now
Does not realise that most of the people that voted for #Brexit are now passed? "Deliver on the people's vote in 2016".. oh shut up you witch. #PMQs
No, your deal does not deliver what we voted for in 2016. How many times do we have to say that your deal is not really #Brexit? #BrexitVote #brexitdebate
Vladimir Putin couldn't be happier
Pound climbs higher against dollar and euro after Brexit vote
What other options are there? As we've discovered, #brexit is impossible under current conditions. No deal would cause an Irish border to be established contrary to the Belfast Agreement, May's proposed agreement has been rejected by Parliament and the EU will not vary it.
Tricky for you to argue that the nation is united around your dream brexit scenario when the govt and both main parties can agree on it themselves.
LEAVE #BrexitVote #Brexit
Global Markets: Asia shares subdued after May’s Brexit vote defeat, pound steadies
Confusion about Ireland’s relationship with Britain and how it might be impacted by Brexit is widespread. Down at the port, Petherbridge reassures me that I shouldn’t worry, “nowt will change in Ireland. The British soldiers will still be there.”
URGENT ATTENTION OF ALL MEMBERS OF PARLIAMENT - REVOKING OR EXTENDING 'ARTICLE 50' NOT REQUIRED. IT IS ALREADY UNLAWFUL:
It's a flipping broken record #PMQs #Brexit
Global Markets: Asia shares subdued after May’s Brexit vote defeat, pound steadies
Theresa May omits Jeremy Corbyn from cross-party Brexit talks
Teesside views free port as route to post-Brexit prosperity via
People's representatives don't actually represent the people's will regarding #Brexit . People's representatives in USA the same #GovernmentShutdown . In France the "elected" President isn't doing what people want #Yellowvests Something is fundamentally wrong with this democracy
Corbyn to the left of me, May(hem) to the right, here I am stuck in the middle with you #JohnBercow #brexitdebate #BREXIT #PMQs
Labour are liars. No better than any other robbing unionist party. Labour Just like the Tory`s Excluded Scotlands MP`S from any and all BREXIT NEGOTIATIONS. Don`t con me. Cause you guys are already conned. #DissolveTheUKUnion
Tbh I can't wait until this #Brexit business is all done and dusted so my Twitter can get back to normal Rangers, freaky videos and porn
We voted to have an independent trade policy, not to be in a Customs Union with the EU. #brexit
I watched it. is in denial. She comes across as deluded and delusional and I agree with your comments. She has to go because she is the problem
So no confidence motion being debated now, Corbyn is useless and so May will survive. I will continue to run the therapy &amp; training groups in Romania as I am this week and next week... Can any one tell me how this can continue if there is a hard or even worse no deal Brexit?
“May says, however good the government’s Brexit deal was, Corbyn would vote against it. And however bad the EU’s Brexit offer was, Corbyn would support it, she says.” This, quite literally, makes no sense.
#FFG provides information about #Brexit effects on #H2020 #Horizon2020 projects in the case of a #Nodeal scenario in DE/EN
Say whatever you want about #Brexit, at least in the UK when a government isn't functioning there is a mechanism where the leaders of the country can be thrown out and a new election is called. #TrumpShutdown
REAL REASON FOR FAKE NEWS TATICS OF #Brexit , , SAKE OF INDUSTRIAL DATA FRAUD coverup..
What last night's historic Brexit defeat means for recruitment via #brexitshambles
As scared as the Germans is he? Citroen been in touch yet? "IW researcher Markos Jung said the prospect of a plunge in German exports to the UK in the event of a hard Brexit was a “horrific scenario” which “should force politicians to act constructively.”
May/Tories' misrepresentation about immigration is similar to Corbyn claims about the EU's rules on state aid being a rationale for Brexit. I can't decide whether they are perfidious or just incompetent.
Book and come along to the workshop and you can raise the issues directly with them.
#Maybot called a #Maybot but continues to act like a #Maybot #PMQs #NoConfidence #Brexit
I appreciate how important it is blah blah blah but Brexit is undoubtedly the most BORING thing I have lived through. - please tell I'm not alone in this?
Hilarious moment two Welsh men get into a heated row over Brexit
Unfortunately you’re wrong. We are in chaos with no clear leadership to resolve this shambles. Brexit isn’t off the table because of last night’s vote, we’re just 2 years down the line and no further forward.
Watching these self-serving MPs do their best to scupper Brexit is like watching a man perform his own vasectomy; painful and messy and a complete bodge cause he really doesn’t want to do it.
(via ) CNN: What happens now with Brexit? British PM Theresa May's big defeat leaves no clear options | Analysis by CNN's lukemcgee
The hard Brexiters getting right behind Theresa May #Brexit #BrexitVote
Labour MPs declare support for second Brexit referendum
I am listening to the House of Commons debate. It all makes perfect sense…until you remember there’s an existing agreement with the E.U. which is a final deal on #leaving and #Brexit takes place on March 29th. That’s it. The only other option is to withdraw A50. The end.
Will we see #JeremyCorbyn as PM in 2019? #PMQs #Brexit
I think a 2nd referendum would make it more messy.
A new government, even if only staying in the EU for a few years, has to use the powers it has over EU policy, not just blaming the EU for things it had nodded through (not just a Tory problem). A 5-year Parliament should be enough time to do #Brexit right.
UK Parliament No Confidence Debate. Why will nobody acknowledge the elephant in the room - that the possibilities of any deal are constrained by the intransigence of the EU? #Brexit
MP Brexit quote.'I will vote for it eventually, I just want to get something out of it first'. Well, that's just terrific.
If you extrapolate for the next 10-15 yrs you know where is UK is headed!! #Brexit #BrexitDeal #Brexitvote
I was feeling pretty embarrassed to be British, but now I'm reading this it's actually embarrassment at being human. How do we manage to be this bad? #Brexit #human #neitherverynice
Here's me on why we can't keep making the mistakes of the past. We need to revoke and reconsider.
I honestly don’t understand this brexit business
I do not care about Brexit.. let’s report on our own government... oh wait ....
Dunno why more Brexiters don’t want Corbyn in charge. He’s more of a hard leaver than May is. Weird how that works though. I mean, I’d probably back him if he said he’s doing a hard Brexit. And leavers would probably want remain if Corbyn was doing it. Strange really.
Sounds clear enough.
Yeah!! And yet Brexit is so big that I don’t feel like I can vote for Labour because Corbyn is against Brexit! It’s so arrghgahgrhgrhgrh
I need to go back and listen to that song about brexit.
Not to mention the involuntary participation of the British Empire …
GDPR for the #UK: #Brexit and international transfers of personal data #GDPR #Data #DataProtection #DataGovernence #DataSecurity #InfoSecurity #Compliance #Security #Technews #DataBreach #DataPrivacy #Tech #Technology #ePrivacy #CCPA #RT
think old motherfuckers
The person who made sure that parliament had a say on brexit, you know, ensuring sovereignty which is what brexiteers wanted...
What’s perhaps confused you is that while the world was booming, UK limped slowly upward rather than plunge into recession. But remember, we haven’t even STARTED #Brexit yet. We’re trying to get out of the harbour. Then we’ve 10 yrs of sailing, in a sieve.
Was interesting to me to note that 118 Cons MP's voted against the #Brexit deal yesterday and similarly, last month, 117 Cons MP's voted no confidence. You think its the same MP's? If it is, then even if the DUP vote with May, a hefty defeat and her resignation looks likely.
The Brexit was a disaster for England
Ok. Now what?
The #Tories are literally getting away with murder, yet most of the electorate are either unaware, or don't care because it doesn't affect them. MSM billionaires are responsible for this. #Brexit #BrexitVote #GTTO #NoConfidence
Brexit's future looks murkier than ever
Brilliant, liar-outing stuff.
The PM seems awfully sure of what people voted for when they voted Brexit #PMQs
(The Star):#EU leaders plead with U.K. to get its act together on #Brexit : European politicians watched the spectacle with a mix of shock and utter bafflement after Britain’s Parliament discarded Prime Minister Theresa May’s ..
Says the EU Fanatic jog on
demolished Theresa May, her government, her #Brexit and her policies. Terrible speech for the Tories, inevitably.
Well he fucking should. Pig-botherer.
Theresa May’s Brexit plan suffered a huge defeat. What comes next? - BBC News US
#Globalcitizen is out ! Stories via , #azizelmessaoudi, and #tictocnews #brexit
Everybody in the EU hierarchy may be scared of a No-Deal. The majority of Brits aren't.
Yup, cross party talks are already dead if Theresa May won't change her red lines. A deal shaped by those red lines suffered the biggest Commons defeat a government has ever had, it's just more of the same from May. #Brexit
Well one thing the Brexit vote has done is to bring into the open the repulsive prejudice that lies just below the surface in so many so-called liberals
Also the fact that this didn’t pass is not be something the pro-Brexit liberals should be celebrating. It increases the odds of a no-deal substantially.
If you genuinely believe that Labour is ready to govern this country then you are deluded. Sack your terrorist appeasing front bench and get a coherent and realistic Brexit plan together. Then come back.
It almost went off without a hitch Ariana #Brexit #BachelorNation #VictoriaLIVE #vanderpumprules #vaderfanfilm #ValleyoftheBoom #vanderpump #ClemsonWhiteHouse #CarolChanning #CurseOfOakIsland #ChiefsKingdom #Chiefs #Cubs #XMen #ZNation #LakeShow #Listen
David, do you actually think the sitting Tory MP's will actually allow a Brexit supporter to even get on the ballot paper?
A #PeoplesVoteNow is an absolute must to fix this deadlock which our politicians can’t make a collective decision on
On #Brexit, Labour is working hard to remain absolutely, certainly, unequivocally…undecided
Banks Warn of Impending 1930s-Type ‘Catastrophe’ As No-Deal Brexit Looms
obsessions of propagandists come in different forms and shapes...
Theresa May faces no-confidence vote after her Brexit plan is crushed – NBC News
#BrexitVote miffed about the #brexit #PMQs omnishambles, but not sure who to blame?! Spin the wheel!!
A People's Vote is the last, best hope of bringing the country back together |
Strong and Stable?
Petition: Brexit re article 50 it must not be suspended/stopped under any circumstances
Britain's Parliament Says 'No' To Theresa May's Brexit Deal
After 2.5 years an FTA could and should have been in place by now. The fact that the remain government and EU is still deliberately obstructing Brexit tells us all we need to know.
Theresa May is stubborn, sha! #Brexit #ConfidenceVote
Talk to Kemi (TtK) : Brexit Deal: British MPs Vote Overwhelmingly To Re...
Labour have the same red line on freedom of movement as far as I know? They said it will end after Brexit in their manifesto and Corbyn has said the same since.
1. Found this persuasive, but then...
Brexit Deal or No Deal - today's the day! via
Yeh, the fucking "manipulating" and "#FakeNews" has been done by the Remain #projectfear. We welcome "No Deal"
Guess it's no brexit then instead.
But Mr Macron it is your Media otherwise how do you explain the fact you have lost control and screwed up France and that is nowhere on MSM. I agree that you probably are an expert on Fake but wrong this time. By the way how did the deal go with Greece?
Owen Smith. like a puppet on a string.. #owensmith #newlabour #satire #TonyBlair #blairite #JeremyCorbyn #BrexitShambles #brexit #legacy 2
Trouble is Theo is the opposition any better? Personally I think not, Corbyn couldn't organise a piss up in a brewery let alone #Brexit. What this country needs is 4 party politics/MP's own interests to be set aside in favour of the greater good, will they take up the challenge?
..and if you listen very closely you’ll be able to make out the sound of a hundred or so Tory MPs spines turning to jelly as they slither off into the backbenches... #ToryBrexitShambles #Brexit
Overheard a couple of No Deal Brexit supporters in a shop first thing this morning. Yet what surprised me is that they blamed David Cameron for dividing the country. History will not be kind to him
Brexit, El Chapo, Nairobi: Your Wednesday Briefing
Petition: Brexit re article 50 it must not be suspended/stopped under any circumstances
URGENT ATTENTION OF ALL MEMBERS OF PARLIAMENT - REVOKING OR EXTENDING 'ARTICLE 50' NOT REQUIRED. IT IS ALREADY UNLAWFUL:
“You’re gonna hurt yourself” Does it anyways. Yep, that’s #Brexit
Brilliant!
that's coming to save the day on #Brexit
Too wee, too poor, are we? Hmmm.
Should have just kept the German passport after all!! According to the Henley Passport Index Germany is up at 3 whilst British passports are down to 6! #brexit #WednesdayWisdom
There are 3 ways to fix Brexit. You won't like any of them.
There are 3 fundamental problems with Brexit, and therefore 3 simple solutions. You won't like any of them.
Boom
It's all just too fucking much all this #Brexit bollocks honestly I'm losing the will to live.
Betting odds on Brexit strongly indicate that it will be delayed (or even never happen)
There is a majority in Parliament against a no deal Brexit when is May going to honour her words and let Parliament have its say on this issue. ? This is the key issue of the moment the rest is just a sideshow.
About the only thing I think Mr. Hands was off on was that "with the right deal Brexit could work." Brexit will work. What ~will~ break it is a mediocre or shoddy deal. Good speech though.
#Brexit fix from #Fife! Photo by our own Ade Kearns #brexitvote #brexitdeal #pmqs #wednesdaywisdom
Kicking off with an interesting Brexit chaos read-out from Madrid by Carlos Carnero, director of the major think-tank
Is Great Britain about to vote again about the #Brexit ? #Referendum #UK #remain #leave
The graphics on this piece are absolutely fantastic. via
To: CC: All, If you want a GE, a non-binding confidence vote in parliament is useless. A GE before #brexit is not going to happen. A brexit deal before 29 March is not going to happen. Want to win the next GE? #StopBrexit. Ta
‘It’s a shambles’: the view from the country on Brexit now
"U.S. stock futures rose on Wednesday as investors cheered strong quarterly earnings from major banks like Goldman Sachs and Bank of America. S&amp;P 500 &amp; Nasdaq 100 futures also pointed to slight gains." #StockNews #StockExchange #StockMarket #Stocks #Shares
Netflix Price Hikes; Brexit Issues Continue; Walmart And CVS End Partnership
Your facile post ignores the fact that the "Eurotards" will do fine post-Brexit. But a no-deal Brexit leaves Britain with the worst of both worlds. Barriers but no benefits. Immediate, major changes in how businesses have to operate. A scramble to reestablish trade ties.
How should this #Brexit crisis be fixed? Our writers’ verdicts | Matthew d’Ancona and others
Oh Julia, you live a charmed life of innocence. That, or you’re deliberately deceitful. Your vote to leave the world’s most successful trading block and penalise those without comfortable lives, unlike your own, was rendered void by Brexit lies.
The noes tweeted it: which MPs can you spot in the Brexit division lobbies?
After historic defeat, what's next for Brexit? # We want out of EU CON CLUB with no deal, any deal would keep UK on a hook &amp; line paying billions to live by EU's 2,000+ new rules special for UK , letting all parasite migrants into UK.
#Islam #Brexit #UKIP: #Ramadan Allah's impossible command
Interesting argument- party comes before brexit. As such the election of 2017 cannot be considered a secondary vote on the referendum because people voted along party lines regardless of stance on brexit.
Yet further prime examples of certain ppl attempting to curtail #Brexit. It's bad enough #Grieves is showing his #treason card loud &amp; proud without ppl trying to soften #Brexit. The focus should be #LetsGoWTO
You certainly are not alone my friend. It is clear the Tories will not deliver the clean brexit we voted for. I now think it is worth the penalty of 5 years of labour to use the time to develope new parties that actually represent the people.
Obvious why he says that, because a change in government risks preventing Brexit, undermining what the people voted for
Rt REAL REASON FOR FAKE NEWS TATICS OF #Brexit , SAKE OF INDUSTRIAL DATA FRAUD coverup..
The noes tweeted it: which MPs can you spot in the Brexit division lobbies?
How ignorant
Done
I liked a video Brexit Meltdown as Theresa May is Massively Defeated on Her Crappy Deal
Yes, but coming to an agreement is in large parts our work. Critical path analysis points to hard Brexit and hard border. With no exit strategy. I don't think that's good.
Says the woman who has put UK in danger of a disastrous no-deal #BREXIT in order to hang on to power a little longer.
Brexit vote: How will no deal affect your holidays? This is what you need to know #holiday #vacation #lhr
I actually can't believe that some brits not only don't know what brexit is but also think that they still own Ireland???
"A democracy that cannot change its mind is not a democracy."
A great line by on the itv Lunchtime News: "It comes to something when a 'No Confidence' vote is the least of Theresa May's troubles today." (Cc ) #Brexit #itvnews
How does May expect to work with other political parties when she is refusing to compromise on her red lines? These are the same self-imposed red lines that have ultimately created this Brexit mess. It looks very much like she is stalling to further run down the clock.
#Islam #Brexit #AFD #London Your free copy of Peter Townsend's e-book 'Arabic for Unbelievers'. Get it at
- Business News Beyond BBG - * FT: Theresa May hints at delay to UK’s exit from Europe * Nikkei: Duterte open to state-backed rescue of Hanjin's Philippine shipyard * WSJ: U.K. Parliament’s Rejection of Brexit Deal Puts EU in a Bind
The 'People voted 80% for a Brexit party so it's a huge mandate' line is bullshit. We don't vote for parties on one issue. We often vote for parties even though they have a policy we don't agree with but we agree with others. #Noconfidencevote
Nothing, legally or constitutionally, can stop Brexit except the passing of an Act through Parliament abrogating the Withdrawal Act. Constitutional law is comfortingly indifferent to headlines, opinions, interviews, protests, tweets or your feelings. #Brexit
(5 things to know for January 16: Brexit, William Barr, Kenya, El Chapo, shutdown - CNN) #news #trendingnews #todaynews has been published on Review Journal -
Brexit: MPs debate no-confidence motion after May’s deal defeat – Politics live
What British nationals in the Netherlands can do if they want to escape the firestorm of Brexit? We tell you on the podcast.
British newspapers are stockpiling ink and newsprint in the event of a disruptive #Brexit via
“Hard Brexit” is a fallacious term coined after the result of the referendum was known by people who don’t want to leave the EU as a pejorative phrase. There is either Brexit or there is not. Similarly the phrase “Soft Brexit” is used by Europhiles to mean staying within the EU.
'Jeremy Corbyn confirmed that Labour supports the campaign for another public vote on Brexit “remaining on the table” if a general election is not possible' how is that different to what I've said?
Surely there are more important things to be discussing &amp; debating in the , #Brexit maybe! Instead our elected officials are pushing their own agenda's again. The people voted, they voted for Brexit, not an early #GeneralElection. Get it together &amp; get on with it!
is this brexit
Some may criticise Cable for this - refusing to compromise and so forth - but I think it’s fair enough, given that it’s his party’s position.
Watching the debate is the house it certainly feels this way! #brexit
All this Brexit anguish has resulted in me listening to Danzig today. Danzig! FFS!
Only solution is Scrap Brexit and Save Britain
I’m starting a band called Dopamine Dressing right this second.
No deal, no problem. The 5th largest economy in the world should not have to answer to the #EU #Globalist. Just hard #Brexit then restart negotiations with the EU. Negotiating at gun point is really just robbery. #NoDealNoProblem #BrexitVote #BrexitShambles #brexitdebate
There is nothing like any "Good #Brexit" always it will be a catastrophe.
How very big of you. As a #Conservative #Brexiteer where is my voice being heard ? Im beyond disappointed, positively furious over your rejection vote You have abandoned national interest we voted OUT now bloody well support us #Brexit #OutMeansOut
Brexit’s a mess because not a single Brexit secretary has the faintest clue what they’re doing, resigning as soon as they don’t get their own way. Doubt any party would get a better deal but I know I’d rather have a party in power post-Brexit looking to help the U.K.
Think you'll find vast majority of the manufacturing that's left the UK has gone to the far east. Case in point, your brexit champion James Dyson manufactures all his vacuums &amp; future electric cars in Malaysia &amp; Singapore....so wrong again
Without Brexiteer backing, Theresa May risks having to woo Labour with a soft Brexit, warns
I will vote for the party that campaigns on the basis that if a referendum is as close as Brexit was but had a lead campaign group that has since been proven to have acted unlawfully isn't a sufficient mandate to have unilateral policy decisions be made by the executive branch.
No #Brexit for British sense of humour :D
Here's the toll the 26-day-old shutdown is having on the U.S. economy, via
No more to be said.
'It's a shambles': the view from the country on Brexit now
Sick to death of stupid people who think a second Ref would solve this problem of brexit ..we already voted and leave won ..it's so simple ..there were two options ..Mays deal or leave on WTO rules ..Mays deal now out.. WTO it should be.
PM taking the same approach to negotiating with Parliament as she did with the EU Not going to work #confidencevote
Fortunately saner voices were heard. Farage is just a s...t-stirer &amp; Eurotrougher without a clue. Where is the liar now - Strasbourg? As a Brexiteer what possible good can he do there? NONE. He'll be delighted when Brexit fails &amp; his easy money continues.
In moments of frustration I'm thinking..." Go on May... do it.... go on.... do it! ... take us to a no deal Brexit crash out on March 29th and lets make sure you own the shit-storm that will surely follow...lets see what the MSM and the electorate make of that.
Brexit is a Fugazy/fugazi. A phoney war Triggering A50 was deliberate despite a lack of preparation and designed to lock in a pre-determined outcome - no deal hard Brexit MPs now scrambling to overturn / minimise no deal - so far unsuccessful Options being closed down
That’s what Varoufakis and others on the Greek radical left were saying when Syriza had the option to leave but Tispras capitulated. Hope Corbyn would not do the same.
No deal Brexit is what the people voted for! What part of give people the vote and ignore the results do you not understand? It was leave or remain- answer leave
First class article by Matt Kelly. And yes: When an iceberg looms on the horizon, it’s not the captain’s job to get on with making sure the lifeboat propellers are greased up and in working order. It is to steer away from the bloody thing. . #Brexit
#ToriesOut Britain has surged to the extreme right in the last year and This is the Last Chance to Reverse This!!! Happy extreme Brexit sailors with their Union Jack shorts know not How Dangerous and Will Rue This Day!!!!
LEAVERS,BREXSHITTERS,UKIPPERS NB Their politicians aren’t they are the wealthy who can hedge their finances or businessmen who place 2nd rate restaurants in run down seaside towns like RAMSGATE where their Brexit supporting demographic will eat (I do have connections there)
The biased frightened pathetic press
And good fun it was too
Transfer Zone: #Fulham sign #Babel as #Brexit could force #Bale out of #Madrid
Scotland's only option is independence if it wishes, as voted for by your own constituents, to stay in the EU. Let's not forget we were told to vote No to stay in the EU, that was a lie, one of many from the Torys. People have had enough of lies, Scotland didn't vote for Brexit!
Seems to me that whatever your side of the Brexit debate , the only thing that will concentrate peoples minds will be for a major British based industry to announce its relocation to mainland Europe? since it will happen anyway it will concentrate MP’s minds like nothing else...
And I have no confidence in you delivering what the majority have already voted for - i.e OUT of the EU #brexit
Theresa may's rendition of Margaret Thatcher not working out as planned
Scrap what? Brexit? Would be very difficult for him to do that, also he probably needs Brexit to happen as he needs to be outside EU for his radical reshape of the economy and how much he wants to borrow , I honestly don’t know what he will do, he will lose tonight though
URGENT ATTENTION OF ALL MEMBERS OF PARLIAMENT - REVOKING OR EXTENDING 'ARTICLE 50' NOT REQUIRED. IT IS ALREADY UNLAWFUL:
Pound to euro exchange rate: How did the Brexit vote affect sterling? #uk #holiday #vacation
British MPs pause Brexit to debate height of letter boxes. One MP pointed out European standard of minimum 70cm for letter boxes: "Not all European standards are evil. On this special day, wouldn't it be nice to find one, at least one, we can all unite on"
Who employs a lot more people that your crummy little outfit. #Brexit
Yep, : kamikaze May must volte-face! The appalling EU punishment WA should be renounced, and unlike Cameron, she must tell the country that, mea culpa, she tried but failed. Accordingly, she now backs a WTO Brexit; it’ll keep her as PM and rejuvenate Tory voters!
Yeah. Varadkar called the referendum, got the Brexit vote and then insisted the UK leave the customs union and single market.
We want Free Movement we want a Soft Brexit is she so thick she doesn’t realize this
6. Second Brexit referendum looks more likely than ever #axiosam
The only solution will be #nodeal. In the biggest vote in the history of this country, Brexit was chosen by 17.4 million voters. No political party dare ignore that without facing extinction, which is why no deal is now inevitable.
The worst government and prime minister ever, and Corbyn is still on the back foot in the House of Commons because he won't openly admit his Brexit stance. Clown
From Ball still in UK’s court as Brexit deadline looms.
Why should they? She's our problem, not theirs. #NoBrexit #RevokeArticle50 #SaveTheUK
New best story on Hacker News: Brexit Deal Fails in Parliament
They should... the Brexit vote was a farce
Cock
Why I gnash my teeth when I see Ian Dunt moaning that Corbyn has the temerity to talk about things other than brexit
I'm not sure the need for all the hullabaloo. Everyone in UK is not of the same intelligence...I don't get why it's somehow bad to state this. All the analysis shows that education was a massive factor in voting pattern. They've hit out at the wrong folk
I liked a video TMBS - 73 - AOC Is Good, Tulsi...?, &amp; Brexit Breaks May ft. Ana Kasparian
The alternative is a soft Brexit and that cannot be fixed with Viagra. In reality we are having some system issues and we will get back to you once we have rebooted the system.
David Cameron Says He Does Not Regret Calling Brexit Referendum -
I don’t think you can stand there and say that the British people voted for anything specific, we simply voted on a binary yes/no do you want to be in the EU or not - not any terms of it #PMQs #PMQuestions #Brexit
You can't have all of the benefits of the Single Market without Freedom Of Movement. Nothing will stop them burying their heads in the sand.
Go behind the scenes with three MPs caught up in Brexit vote chaos – video
Really great work from , mapping every border crossing between the Republic and Northern Ireland, as well as their history during the Troubles. We had a border on our island, thousands of people died. We can't go back there
There is no mandate for a hard Brexit when the majority of the HoC is against it and yet Britain is staring down the barrel of it. Which incidentally will hit Scotland very hard. She is just acting in the interest of the people she represents.
Forget Jeremy Corbyn's vote of no confidence for a moment. The lack of funding for our schools is a vote of no confidence in our education system. Whatever happens next in the Brexit debacle, we owe it to our children to improve education in the UK. #education #forthefuture
There's two things that are never going to be changed in this country, BREXIT &amp; EVERYONE HATES #FACT
Britain saw unity of a sort in yesterday's Brexit vote. Theresa May united both Brexiteers and Remainers, and Tories and Labour, in managing to quarterback the worst defeat of a...
Fudged softer Brexit will result. The whole thing should be cancelled. Anything that takes away my kids Freedom of Movement is an act of generational war.
Let me tell you what this circus will do to the British politics. People are already de-tached from the workings of Parliament, but after the recent events and actions of PM, they will lose all the interest in politics. Especially young people. #Brexit #PMQs #Corbyn #May
Tanaiste (how do I get a fada on twitter?) knows border checks are inevitable in 'no deal' scenario, but also knows it's not something that FG want to have to take responsibility for.
Those who spent most of their political years telling the UK electorate that the EU was interfering way too much in the UK are now spitting blood that the EU is not intervening enough in the self-made morass of Brexit.
Not entirely true. Rothermere is likely Tory, but anti-Brexit; so it's not his influence. Murdoch is certainly right-wing (and elite, at least financially) but Sky News is strictly (demonstrably) independent. It's possible the current politicians mentioned are good at hiding -
#UK #Brexit isn't about Brexit yes/no but all about yhe #Conservatives stopping #Corbyn from forming a socialist government. UK Brexit policy creates a vile trap for #Corbyn. Turkeys (Whether They're Tory Ones or Not) Don't Vote for Christmas.
This vote to stop immigrants coming in to the country has turned in to a bit of a pickle, hasn’t it? #brexit
There is a limit to what can be done with the current political uncertainty, but Gomer Press are talking to suppliers to ensure minimum disruption whatever happens with #Brexit. For more information see
There are 72 days until #Brexit
you fucked a pig u cunt
These bastards are the worst, most arrogant, most corrupt, most evil, most lying, most manipultive, most murderous terrorists in British history. We need these psychopathic vermin and their crony Banksters and media bastards OUT and prosecuted #Brexit #GetToriesOUT #Scum
WEE MACGREGOR LISTENED I AM A TORY FIRST AND LAST, MAY SAID WE HAVE CREATED MORE JOBS, BUT WHICH TORY GOVERMENT WAS THE CAUSE THE GREAT LOSS OF JOBS, IF WE LEAVE EUROPE HIGHER% OF JOBS LOSS. THE BREXIT DEAL IS AN EXIT FROM THE PEOPLE'S TRUST OPINION IN WESTMINSTER 200 MPs-BREXIT.
British politics goes over a cliff – POLITICO
'It sort of works'. Really? Last night's vote would rather suggest otherwise....
The same people that think the #EU is a wonderful fluffy institution are also willing to hold the thought that the #EU will starve us and deny us life saving #medicines ... It's called cognitive dissonance.... #Brexit #Brexitbox
6. Second Brexit referendum looks more likely than ever #axiosam
#BREXIT MP’s keep assuming they know what we want,well they don’t, so don’t keep assuming you do you bunch of Muppets. Let the 2nd referendum commence!!!
We've already voted to leave so let's have another referendum with the following options 1. Leave with May's deal 2. Leave with no deal #BREXIT
My (flimsy) prediction of Brexit debate outcome: May wins confidence vote, Corbyn forced into policy of 2nd referendum, Tory rebels side with opposition, May refuses 2nd ref. &amp; seeks changes from Brussels - receives little (no change on backstop), article 50 extended by HM Gov.
My preparation for a no-deal Brexit shall be to stockpile Lyons Tea. Don't @ me.
World stocks rise but Britain slips on Brexit limbo. Your morning market preview:
Corbyn disappeared from public view during the 2016 campaign. He’s evading Brexit again now, except it’s harder to go unnoticed as he’s leader of the opposition. He should do his vanishing trick again and allow someone with true statesmanship to take over. Our nation needs it.
We have a leadership vacuum created by possibly the worst PM in living memory, she bodged the GE, bodged Brexit, and now the gutless witch won't do the honourable thing and resign. Get rid of her, install a brexiteer PM and you might just keep my vote.
Brilliant.
Aaaaand here's 2018 Cameron saying that Brexit is a mistake. Because, yknow, even at this point, why be honest? The point it's obvious it's a mistake and you've already been caught off-camera saying it's a mistake? Why not just lie more?
Check out "Brexit and the Threat to Higher Education" Should be informative ! Particularly after this week in Westminster
Yes. Good. Fuck Brexit.
david sporting a piggy blinders haircut here i see
so how about working with other parties????
This is magnificent.
#Maybot Alert! She has frozen. She needs a Restart! #PMQs #NoConfidence #Brexit
The latest The alexharris Daily! Thanks to #brexit #m11
After Defeat on Brexit Plan, Theresa May Faces No-Confidence Vote
Every time yousins post a ‘lol ur fucked’ take regarding Brexit, I make a note of your @, and add you to the growing list of people who’ll be deported from the country when 32CSR inevitably happens.
Yikes!
I do not want or need a GE only because as yet there isn’t one party strong enough to get rid of the Tory party or slap down Labour. Clearly the Conservative Party have zero interest in winning a GE because you implemented a remain and not a BRexit MP as PM.
They fighting their Brexit situation. No MP or Senator is ready to look at Zimbabwe right now
A very good and humorous speech from Vicky Ford on the prevention of low level letter boxes. Nice references to EU regulations and the failing Brexit process. #PoliticsLive #PMQs
Smart analysis of where we currently stand in this whole Brexit fiasco. The points on the motivations of Corbyn and May in the last few paragraphs key to this whole thing.
How does Theresa May know why people voted leave? How can she keep insisting this? #Brexit
A second referendum may well suit your media career Nigel but we voted for #Brexit
Low level Letterbox Bill followed by Low Level Brexit Bollocks
When you have the country/international order champing at the bit for this ... then it makes sense to worry about EU membership There simply isn't So Brexit opens up for more neolibralism, not less. Post Brexit there would be exactly the same constraints anyway. It's fantasy
I do think it's sad that the left now only has threats of a tory future to scare people into voting for them. There are a lot of Labour policies I like and would vote for but they are all fantasy if we Brexit. There will be no money so seems logical to deal with Brexit first.
#brexit #TheresaMay even Hammond looks pissed off with May , now....
UK is set to leave EU on 29th march. The Brexit clock is ticking and the UK is in the uncharted territory. Today Mrs. May's plan of Brexit transition was rejected by UK parliament. Vote of no confidence has been...
'History in the making': Dorset MPs play their part in toppling Theresa May's proposed Brexit deal
The option not considered so far: The Republic of #Ireland joins the #UK in leaving the #EU and forms a #FreeTrade agreement with the #UK - that way there will be no restrictions with it's largest market at the #NortherIreland boarder. #EU27 #Brexit #Parliament #ECB #Eurozone
Due to Brexit, here is a photo of my dog
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK - CNN via
Yvette Cooper demanding continued Customs Union membership following Brexit against the expressed wishes of 64% of the electorate who elected her.
Fascinating to be at opening of London Stock Exchange after last night’s vote in Commons on #Brexit deal and see a sea of green, not red. Essential that future relationship with EU helps UK economy and people’s jobs. #PeoplesVote.
I predict the timetable will be something like "if we win a people's vote, revoke A50 then brexit is binned and our 2016 scotparl mandate is neutered. Then on to 2021 as the indy election and spend two years making the case".
Brexit vote defeated
Which would actually not be a terrible timeline. But the only problem is (A) there's no majority for People's Vote (B) EU won't extent A50 beyond June (C) Brexit is very much happening, probably without a deal.
Rob . Don't give the bastards ideas .
#Brexit = All Brits are under a huge fan=the EU membership,blowing vertically up. #Brexteers produces nonsense which like smelling fecal matter floats over due to the generated pressure. #Brexit will be turning off the fan, so everything will fall,all Brits will be dirty&amp;smelly.
#laurelandhardy's #MusicBox is a fantastic satire of #brexit and #TheresaMay could play both parts: scratching her head whilst an unstoppable object runs over her. That's another fine mess she's got us into.
For the sake of my BP I cannot watch the VONC Debate. Denial on Denial. They will survive. But at least MP's get to expose this charlatan despotic governments "Record" The End is near Brexit will see to that.
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
...... #Brexit is going better than expected!
You'll probably say that shouldn't invalidate the result, so what is an acceptable level of illegality?
Yes , what the entire country really needs is not a direct vote on Brexit but a general election to give us the opportunity to decide between two parties who can’t decide what their position on Brexit is. Because that will clear everything up...
At 2 with Barry - Jeremy Corbyn has called on Theresa May to resign after her Brexit deal was resoundingly rejected by MPs.
You must be proud.
11:08: #MERKEL REGRETS #UK PARLIAMENT VOTED DOWN ON #BREXIT PLAN, URGES #LONDON TO CLARIFY SITUATION, SAYS THERE IS STILL TIME FOR TALKS
I agree that military alliances are not the way to achieve peace. But I'd trust a rabid zombie raccoon to get it right before President Caligula could. It would turn out for us about as well as May's Brexit has for the UK.
So May is found in contempt of Parliament; Government carries on as before. She then looses her vote to get hear #Brexit deal through Parliament; Government carries on as before. She wins or looses a #NoConfidence vote (she'll probably win); I wonder what the Government will do?
Hold a Second Brexit Referendum +1 WorldBot #Europe #news
#Brexit : What now? How it will be? Watch with me &amp; today at 8pm on GSTV. #BBCSamachar #BBCNewsGujarati
Treasury yields rise after UK leader May's Brexit vote defeat
Is this purgatory, a never ending brexit?
Brexit turmoil: investors gambling with the pound are just flipping a coin, says
How might #Brexit affect housing, housing demand and immigration? Briefing for CIH members
Any Tory voting with the government today will be voting for the biggest deception and betrayal of this country that has ever been perpetrated, #Brexit #NoConfidence
Spread this as far as possible. Let’s get the ball rolling on this shambles. #brexit #labour #GeneralElectionNow #NoConfidenceMotion
But what else is it, other than Brexit vs Remain? It’s been the same question since 2016, and only has one answer - so it’s a question that should never have been asked. How we get out of it, I don’t know. But all the time that #Remain isn’t an option, there will be no answer.
If as reported #VoteLeaveBrokeTheLaw to produce an illegal #referendum why are #MP's nor referring to this? #Brexit
HIstorical Comparisons ? We think it's a cross between Tulip Fever and that guy who sold London Bridge to a Texan.
#maybot Mother Theresa sounds like a broken record can someone give her a nudge in the right Brexit direction .
Brexit stamps due out shorty
Middle class and patronising. It’s your attitude, that makes some remainers like me totally understand why people said fuck it let’s have brexit.
The vote would have to go to the members - the vast majority of which support a WTO Brexit over May's WA. As things stand the only certainty is that we have a Remainer PM intent on Brino. There is an opportunity to have a Brexiteer PM. That has to be a chance worth taking.
"today, the radical left in the uk, the us and france is calling not for social democracy but for democratic socialism"
What does the #Brexit vote mean? We take a look in today's blog ...
T-Rex May: do you want Brexit? A common man: You may (Theresa) but I don’t. Brexit = Break-Exit (from EU) #anirvanism
A shame for ! This person has been spreading monstrous lies for years. How credible can he be?!
JK Rowling’s terrible takes on Corbyn have red pilled me on how bad Harry Potter is
I'm pleased I'm now a Lib Dem. #DemandBetter than Brexit, for our NHS, for workers, for education, for Equality, for our environment.
FOLLOWING THE RECENT BREXIT NEWS... It does seem as though no one knows for sure what is going on within the UK Government and how long the UK to US exchange rate will be affected.. So…
Talk to Kemi (TtK) : Pound Rises After ‘Meaningful’ Brexit Vote
You can't just make it so hard to negotiate brexit and then say "hey you failed, we can't leave anymore"
DealBook Briefing: ‘Brexit’ Deal Fails; What’s Next for Britain?
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has accused the Tories of failing the country following #PMQs the historic #BREXIT deal defeat.
What the fuck is wrong with you ? No sense of strategic leverage what so ever. You've sidelined the Party into irrelevance. #PMQs #BrexitVote
Indeed. It’s just not an ideal counter argument from my perspective. I was an active campaigner for Remain BTW. Sad thing is that dismissing people’s very real hardship, whilst within the EU,can entrench Brexit sentiment. Far better to make it clear we aim for change within EU.
Alex had the pleasure to talk business with and offer his insights about the future of electric vehicles and wireless charging. Great conversation, thank you. #EVwirelesscharging #ElectricVehicle #futureofmobility via
And replace with useless Corbyn who is determined to push through a job and family destroying brexit. He is less qualified for leadership than May. He hates democracy as much as May does. You really thing he is electable?
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
Just tweeted.
Seeing the mess that following religious ‘voices’ has got your leader into with brexit, austerity, bedroom tax, universal credit, arms to war zones, DUP bribes, rape clause, losing child abuse files ... etc ... etc, maybe its time religion was left out of all political issues
How your MP voted on Theresa May's Brexit deal
And the majority in those areas that voted leave don't want a GE. How does that work. Corbyn now needs to think of 60% remainers more. Those Labour leavers would rather live under austerity and a over the cliff Brexit for years to come when they will pay for it not the wealthy.
I think our Prime Minister is a Robot #TheresaMay #PMQs #BrexitVote #Brexit
Labour MPs declare support for second Brexit referendum
The Brexit would be a big loss to EU and NATO and if US leaves NATO lol,, thats good bye to the Elites Cabal War Tool...Finite.
In the list of those 'people' I'd be concerned about if I was this chap at the moment, there would be at least one set I'd be focusing on rather than the 'British'.
Steve Hilton: Original intent of Brexit - restoring freedom and sovereignty - buried by inept bureaucrats
I don't know about Europe as a whole, but put together an excellent talk from the UK perspective about how Brexit affects #accessibility legislation. See
I’d imagine it means funding has been cut for people looking to train or retrain in order to earn a living. But let’s keep the focus on Brexit memes.
Especially because in the last Labour manifesto, it was said that they would 'respect' the outcome of the 2016 Brexit referendum so......what will do?
If this gets voted down then we really are down to May’s Deal Customs Union Brexit No Deal
Brexit uncertainty hits house purchases -
Genuinely beggars belief how a Tory can accuse Labour of playing politics on #brexit, Cameron called the referendum solely to try unite his own party, then Theresa May called a snap election and didn't even bother to campaign in it. This is a purely Tory mess
I would say that those at the top enacting Brexit are actually Remainers who have no great love for this project. That the vote morphed into a "deal" only once it was lost as a way of muddying the waters
*LIVE* #Brexit
This is superb. "Are you calling people from the Valleys turkeys?" "I said I *like* turkeys"
May has no intention of negotiating a #Brexit deal with other parties that can get through parliament. She is going to simply run down the clock and try to scare MPs into voting for the deal that 230 of them have already voted against. #ToriesOut #GTTO
“Brexit campaign first political lies in British history ever” update: The Guardian having truthiness issues back in 2002 as it helped Blair build the case for invading Iraq by stenographing UK intel fakery
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
Well done Isabel: Lenin would have been proud of you for having helped to create the biggest political mess that the uk has ever faced. Job only half done. Next step full Brexit which will bring unemployment and the most left wing labour government the UK has ever seen!
You have absolutely hit the nail on the head and this is why a new PM is needed in order to fix this mess. May's poor communication skills and inability to compromise has created a bottleneck over Brexit which cannot last forever.
Wow, from a Conservative MP...
Brexit vote: Theresa May’s defeat reveals the lies behind Brexit - Vox
I think we just need to remind ourselves that despite this mess we ARE a bloody good Country. We’ve allowed others to bully us into thinking otherwise. I think us Brits have sadly forgotten how marvellous we are. Where’s our confidence? #brexit #Brexitdeal
No deal Brexit and then maybe Give the power to commonwealth countries And rule it for 400 years or something. I mean they should try every option there is and not just give up.
A little to help with the #brexit stress
I quite agree. There were no sequencing options that would have worked. Same as the rest of Brexit really.
I agree with Wolfgang Munchau "Don’t underestimate the possibility of a no-Deal Brexit – this is the default option under Article 50. Be prepared” What are the implications on Data Protection? More on this here #NoDealBrexit #DataProtection
It's lucky Brexit is all about Theresa May's political survival and the Tories. It's not like it impacts the entire planet in one way or another.
Were you unsure of what the defeat of the #Brexit deal in its current form means? This article paints a clear picture and discusses the potential short term impact.
11:11: #BERLIN WANTS TO MINIMIZE HARM FROM #BREXIT, BUT READY FOR THE FACT THAT THERE COULD BE NO ORDERLY #UK EXIT FROM #EU - #MERKEL
She's making stuff up again. A principal criticism of the referendum was that it did not spell out, in any way, what Brexit would mean in practice, other than to claim that the UK would be much better off.
Reality will soon kick in... consequences of the shutdown, Brexit, kicked US-China can (mind you, absolutely nothing has been done so far)... go figure
Hospitality and food and drink industry leaders including have called on the Government to act quickly and prevent the chaos of a no-deal #Brexit
Code leaked for MayBotOS: 10 PRINT "BREXIT MEANS BREXIT" 20 GOTO 10
#Brexit = All Brits are under a huge fan=the EU membership,blowing vertically up. #Brexteers produces nonsense which like smelling fecal matter floats over due to the generated pressure. #Brexit will be turning off the fan, so everything will fall,all Brits will be dirty&amp;smelly.
P.S. Brownie pts for the 1st Past The Post in holding out an olive branch to the Nation &amp; apologising for this horrible mess caused by all politicians' power-seeking, &amp; over-idealistic clinging to a STOOPID idea of a Brexit which has NO REAL DEFINITION. #ConsultPeopleProperly
#Brexit #referendum We didn't vote for customs-deals or-a backstop on a border we didn't vote for tariffs,trade or anything of that order We didn't vote for Chequers-plans or for money we'll retrieve we didn't-vote Tusk or treaties we #voted just to #LEAVE.......
This is about time that someone put the end to this Tories Brexit project and abandon the whole thing. It has already damaged British economy and politics enough. #Brexit #endBrexit #StopBrexit
Wake Up Call: With Deal Rejected, Lawyers Urge Companies to Prepare for ‘Hard’ Brexit
Arron Banks, Brexit and the Russia connection
Nah, : kamikaze May must volte-face! The appalling EU punishment WA should be renounced, and unlike Cameron, she must tell the country that, mea culpa, she tried but failed. Accordingly, she now backs a WTO Brexit; it’ll keep her as PM and rejuvenate Tory voters!
John McKee Solicitors e magazine is out! Stories via #brexit #theresamay
Scared you’ll lose your marginal seat if there’s another GE eh? Obviously your Brexit principles don’t stretch as far as risking your seat.
well said!
I am sick of hearing Theresa May say “will of the people” &amp; talk about what the people voted for. Was all that on the ballot? Was it clear? Who’s interpretation? &amp; which people - 52% of the people who voted, 2.5 years ago following a toxic illegal campaign full of lies. #Brexit
I tell you what if labour call for a general election. It’s like robbing someone (country) who’s been wounded. (Currently brexit affairs) Politics before party.
It means Trump's defeat Trump supports #Brexit
But it's NOT #BREXIT and the #Tories would be wiped out like the Lib Dems over Tuition Fees. Deliver #WTOBrexit or destroy the for a generation.
He knows :) The #Prophet! Guy who have no idea what is going in himself country ruled by #Giletsjaunes make a statement about #Brexit. Idiot?
Jan 11th below. After the last ref I'd like Remain to be, say, 15-20 points up before I'd want to sacrifice the certainty of a soft Brexit for a coin toss on the Rees-Mogg Top Hat Brexit.
Even if leavers knew what they were voting for with respect to Brexit, did they know what they could conceivably get?
As the ancient chinese curse goes. What I want to know is why someone, MP or TV interviewer has not asked May "Do you believe that there is still a majority in favour of Brexit at this time?", and assuming she says yes as her to show where the evidence for that belief is.
Great article - and you can just copy and paste 'My bit about the Westminster Brexit shitshow' into your announcement tweet each day for the foreseeable as well.
The majority of people, and the majority of MPs - 'don't want a no deal Brexit'
Final Say: What you can do to help now Theresa May’s Brexit deal has been rejected
So much to say about this...
Absolutely. Ask Brussels for an extension and put back on referendum for the people to decide. We know Putin affected the popular sentiments through social media which encouraged negative opinions of the EU.
Poignantly underlined by the Vice-President of the European Commission Frans Timmermans earlier this morning, we cannot forget the value of the peace process, and he cannot understand how Britain could. #Brexit
The prime minister continuously saying “We represent the vote to leave the European Union” Those goal posts have moved, people’s opinions have changed and the leave process has been proven to be illegal! Resign. #Brexit
The bullshit bickering between Labour and the Conservative party hasn’t helped the issue #brexit
The EU 27 have also suggested they might extend the Brexit date to make time for a second referendum or general election -- but not for the Tories to just argue with each other more.
Theresa May omits Jeremy Corbyn from cross-party Brexit talks
here's a pic that should distract you from the #Brexit coverage...
Sabrina's International Round-up is out! Stories via #brexit #internationalcooperation
So the brexit farce continues and even more money will now be wasted which of course means there will be more 'austerity' - Do they believe we are so stupid? Yes, of course they do! In the end we will remain in Europe and be a in a far worse position than we were 5 years ago. #UK
The The Gaia Reports Daily is out! Stories via #foodworldorder #brexit
No we DON’T need a General Election. You lot are just going to foist brexit on us anyway. You offer nothing different. Support The #PeoplesVote first and then you’re talking.
I don’t like that Murray lost in the Aussie open or the result of the last GE but I’m not proposing we rerun those. I also respect that everyone is entitled to their own view and I definitely agree with you that Brexit may have been better delivered by someone else....
. is now making up reasons that we voted #brexit Clueless incompetent or just plain stupid ? #NoConfidence #GTTO #MayMustGoNow #strongandstable #PMQs
had the most shambolic #brexit deal &amp; now she doesn’t even have a deal anymore, nor does she have a plan B! would provide a Brexit deal that is in our county’s interests &amp; would handle it professionally unlike the !! #noconfidence #JC4PM
Even now leave voters can't agree among themselves what leave means. There has never been majority support for any specific, deliverable brexit. A democratic vote can't disregard democracy.
Really Cameron Really! Bet he was happy to make a quick exit and dump the chaos and mess of a brexit on May
I’d like to think I’m a pretty well-informed person re current events, but I find myself perpetually confused about what the F is going on with #Brexit.
One thing that Corbyn is saying - rightly - is that the issues underlying Brexit are too complex to reduce to a referendum. To an extent, people who wish for round 2 of the great referendum knockabout are part of the problem. Have a read of
Bloody ! May must give in on red lines... actually Cooper, 1stly is crossed a whole heap of her own red lines already, and 2ndly, THE UK VOTED TO LEAVE...TO #BREXIT...TO LEAVE THE CU, THE SM, ALL OF IT! Pay attention remainiacs, including Ken Clarke!
Alexander Roos shared his insights into the world of global businesses, and how key events (such as the presidency of Donald Trump or the Brexit) may impact careers in #finance #myWHU
You should probably respect the Democratic vote of the people and allow brexit to happen. The negotiations can happen after the exit
Finally! The man calling out: “the emperor is completely naked and has no healthcare!” #Brexit
UKIP Fiesta coming up compered by Farage. Huge prob for EU27 as U.K. seats already redistributed
Are you saying that it’s crazy of me to keep asking you to explain what Brexit will be good for your constituents and the country as a whole?
Leave england to their brexit mess and call indy ref2.
The order of preference is clear; 1 a Labour Brexit 2 a Labour Remain 3 a Tory Remain 4 a Tory Brexit!
Michel Barnier insists rejected Brexit deal is still ‘best compromise’ via
The Scottish psychoanalyst Ronald Fairbairn radically extended Freudian theory to take full account of the external world on our personal, inner lives. At this time his insights are invaluable in understanding the chaos surrounding identity, boundaries &amp; relationships #Brexit
Would this be right vs left Brexit?
"Nope" - Digital oil on twitter. #Brexit #BrexitVote #BrexitShambles
‘Delay’ yeah nice
Come back Nigel. Best news possible
The vibe on Parliament Sq. last night was tense. Anything decisions going forward will be tough. We need a #PeoplesVote. It's the right thing to do, the path is clear and it's courageous. #Brexit #BrexitVote #PeoplesVoteNow
Perfectly put.
"Gove and others like him brought winter to British politics and are now horrified at how cold things have got" - one of many astute, but brutal comments from overseas about the UK's #Brexit hell.
Might just write 'brexit' as the answer to every single exam question tomorrow Ur welcome Raviv x
So why does the President of France understand more fully and speak more honestly about #Brexit than the entire political leadership of the UK. If I were a UK citizen I would be totally outraged. #BrexitShambles
All I do is speak to MPs and their secretaries. I email, I call, I text. Brexit Brexit Brexit Brexit. This is how I feel all day every day right now. I want to just do a day with no Brexit.
"It was a hot day and many of them were jacked up on strawberry bellinis, claiming their future had been ‘destroyed’."
There are times when the endless non-signing of either Machado or Harper by the Phillies feels like the U.K. govt and Parliament’s approach to Brexit. Then I remember that the Phillies are capable of making a decision by March 28th.
Well , that didn't go well eh. Still behind it? Don't see how - Brexit diminishes us all and the referendum was illegal - with still no investigation. Odd, that.
Odd to bring it up then…
Nobody ever said Brexit meant Brexit
Just another EU WHORE
I voted for Brexit because of many tbibgs I have experienced, seen and predict. Not because of what the three stooges said
FYI nobody thought it was principled and everyone thought it was the move of coward, worse, an incompetent coward. Don’t kid yourself.
Brexit drama &gt; shutdown drama by a million
you have no idea how much I dispite you for making this chaos!!! Because of you I haven't been able to have a piece of mine since that day you announced you were doing this!!!! You sir are fool and a coward!
No. Best you practice what you preach. Listen to the democratic voice of the people. Put up or shut up.
Swallowing our pride and reversing Brexit would be some real big dick energy
Doesn’t she understand we want Free Movement and a soft Brexit
We don't want Brexit in Scotland. We voted against it. The UK is not one country. It is made up of England, Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland who all have a voice and their own Parliaments. This is causing serious problems and many people have changed their minds too.
He refrained form spelling out the logical conclusion of the Brexit situation, but his reasoning is clear!
An Taoiseach, , made the following Statement this morning on #Brexit
How do you think those assertions compare with the Govt funded Remain campaign and the behaviours of its proponents? Remember, we haven’t seen #Brexit for 2 years so you have no proof of lies, but Project Fear ???
#Brexit = All Brits are under a huge fan=the EU membership,blowing vertically up. #Brexteers produces nonsense which like smelling fecal matter floats over due to the generated pressure. #Brexit will be turning off the fan, so everything will fall,all Brits will be dirty&amp;smelly.
Everything that's wrong with the Labour party in 1 min and 59 secs. Impressive.
Brexit: Irish deputy PM admits there WILL be hard border in event of no-deal
And with that being said, if you’re so sure that leave is still the will of the people and majority now that we know the damage a No Deal Brexit would have; why are you worried about a second vote? Surely for something so big it’s best to ‘make sure’, right?
Therefore brexit is dead. The ref was simple .. In out of EU .. You voted for an unknown outcome without a plan. This is it. Embrace your brexit or accept that unicorns don't exist. #OwnYourShit
How your MP voted on Theresa May's Brexit deal
Not a popular view, but even the ERG must see how close they are, not only to no brexit (or a much softer brexit) but also a Corbyn government. Surely common sense will prevail at the 2nd vote.
Only a General election can extend Article 50!! And here is why... #Brexit #BrexitShambles #GeneralElectionNow #Article50
The country is divided with racists gaining a voice post Brexit. No politicians showing any national interest. All about self interests. Happy 1946
It's full fucking #MayBot this afternoon. She just refuses to clarify her position on red lines. She's scared of encouraging Tory abstainers which is unlikely anyway. #Brexit #politicslive
Had to turn sound off on the #PM in #NoConfidence debate. Theresa May certainly ranks high on the Most Despicable Tories Ever award list. She cannot open her mouth without #ToryLies hissing out like snakes. Despise her #Brexit #HostileEnvironment . Despise her #stupidity. #pmqs
It's just procrastination, giving his 'base' hope, knowing full well the catastrophe that's coming is, in his eyes, going to make the people flock to him to rebuild UK post Brexit.
Parliament rejected Prime Minister Theresa May's Brexit deal on Tuesday. However, it is likely that May will not be removed, says .
Brexit is the solution to the problem
We’re running out of time before the #Brexit deadline could see us crash out of the EU, hurting women the most. stop playing politics and join our demands for a #PeoplesVote
Yea alright you globalist cuck!
UK motor industry puts in place no deal Brexit emergency plan in order to maintain vital just in time supply chain… they place orders sooner then ask EU suppliers to despatch their orders one day earlier than usual.
The thing is if this people who vote for Brexit in 2016 they realy knew for what they were voting. I am pretty sure most of them didn't understand consequences of being not of the part union. Next if people before voting were enough informed what exactly mean Brexit for them.
The problem is there is no majority for any single version of brexit. Revoke article 50 , stabilise the country and have 2nd informed legal referendum this time. If people still want out then so be it.
Here are some of the economic costs of the shutdown.
Another day another lie from an EU puppet.
Tribal politics at its most destructive. We urgently need people in Parliament to rise above this and to work accross party lines to prevent Brexit chaos and the horror show continuing. Who is willing to do this... Now is the time!
How should this Brexit crisis be fixed? Our writers’ verdicts
MICRONS STOCK BOOSTS CHIP RALLY AFTER UPGRADE, ANALYSTS’ COMMENTS AT #CES $MU $WDC $STX #BREXIT
Theresa May's necklace must be symbolic today...the Captain is chained to her sinking ship! #Brexit #EUvote #EU #Remain #NHS #BollocksToBrexit
How has the British government ignored the will of those who voted for Brexit? We're in this mess precisely because she's hell-bent on trying to achieve the impossible.
Statement on #Brexit deal defeat and #NoConfidence vote. I will continue to support and her government:
new look, but with leopard skin scarf ;)
Nice democracy you got there, be a shame if something were to happen to it.
ONLY THE FUCKING TORIES WANTS BREXIT!!!!! NO ONE ELSE. FUCKING UNDERSTAND YOU ROBOTIC CUNT! #PMQs
Yanks shouldn't forget the longer the shutdown continues to weaken the US economy the more No Deal Brexit Recession is going to hurt.
Hi Boris. Well done matey: Lenin would have been proud of you for having helped to create the biggest political mess that the uk has ever faced. Job only half done. Next step full Brexit which will bring unemployment and the most left wing labour government the UK has ever seen!
This is about time that someone put the end to this Tories Brexit project and abandon the whole thing. It has already damaged British economy and politics enough. #Brexit #endBrexit #StopBrexit
V for Victory
The remain vote has no baring on the discussion. We are not discussing remain, we are discussing leave and the promises made to sway votes. Nobody can claim to be getting the Brexit the people voted for because there wasn't one Brexit promised, there were different ones.
: kamikaze May must volte-face! The appalling EU punishment WA should be renounced, and unlike Cameron, she must tell the country that, mea culpa, she tried but failed. Accordingly, she now backs a WTO Brexit; it’ll keep her as PM and rejuvenate Tory voters!
Indeed, and if the truth is that Brexit is a disaster then they would surely report that. Regardless of being seen as a remainder.
If it came to another vote on Brexit, how would you vote???
Ireland cannot shift on hard border after Brexit - Varadkar -
Yes. If there is a GE, Labour would have to say what Brexit outcome it wants and campaign on that. Saying you will go with whatever a 2nd referendum produces suggests you don't really care.
Imagine the progress we could've made in helping to prevent climate change if we'd put as much time and effort into it as we have with Brexit
Ireland cannot shift on hard border after Brexit - Varadkar -
The problem is any political sentiment on domestic issues (especially austerity) that bypasses the topic of #Brexit can have little probity. It has, unfortunately, become the behemoth in the corner of all British politics. It's inescapable. Its what will kill the two main parties
The latest The brainguff Daily! Thanks to #noh8 #brexit
That UK debate was peaceful. They did not attack Wale citizens or accuse them, if it were in Nigeria, many #Biafrans would have been shot dead or arrested or even accused of sponsoring opposition. It's really a zoo to watch for fun. Biafra must separate from Nigeria b/4 #Brexit
Brexit - It amazes me - 2 and a half years later, politicians are still giving it verbal diarrhea and I still have not seen a definitive list of the issues and problems from anyone. All we see is peacock preening and sulking whimpering from all sides
But will a "no-deal" Brexit ever make it through till the end of March, without the Westminster establishment finding a way to thwart it. I'd like to think so but I truly doubt it! Westminster won't agree on a deal that doesn't include a customs union, and that will mean a BINO
Stock market takes Brexit defeat in stride, ends flat |
Spends a few minutes on Brexit then its off on one about homelessness. Sorry not fit to be Opp Leader and a closet Brexiteer to boot. Might be effective as back bencher.
Nigel: There is still time for a sensible trade deal: Britain’s unofficial #Brexit Leader, Nigel Farage… #Politics
Whoa! has just indicated to #YvetteCooper that the referendum vote was for a hard #Brexit &amp; THAT is what she wants to deliver.
To get Anna Soubry and Boris on the same Brexit side is remarkable. Maybe May should work less hard and actually believe in one side or the other.
She is a very deceptive , she is evading answers , not deviating from already rehearsed answers . Arrogantly proclaiming to be representing &amp; listening to the people . It is all a complete LIE . If she was she would have had BREXIT done by and left without a Deal !
If I were you , I would deal with matters going on in your own ccountry, instead of tring to stoke-up trouble via the media.
I took part in a citizens' assembly – it could help break the Brexit deadlock
Booked a holiday in Europe? Check your passport has at least 6 months on it before arrival date or you’ll not get in! ~ Like travelling to Turkey but without visa requirement - yet! Oh &amp; who’s removed the EU flag off my phone?!!
Brexit vote: Donald Tusk suggests UK should stay in EU
This is SO British.
May sounds increasingly floundering in no confidence debate. Repeating same Brexit lines, but not only do they not work; they now provoke groans.
Eurotunnel: Traffic will flow after No Deal #Brexit: The group that operates the Channel Tunnel route… #Politics
Verhofstadt: #Brexit cannot be delayed beyond May: As hardline Remainer MPs seek to overturn the… #Politics
If only we could have you leading the Brexit negotiations!
Public rally behind petition against delaying #Brexit: A petition that stands against any extension to… #Politics
Jean-Claude Juncker after the Brexit vote, 2016, colourized #Brexit
No-Deal Brexit Would Be Really Bad For Scotch Whisky The defeat of Theresa May's Brexit deal in the U.K. Parliament increases the chances of a nightmare scenario for the Scotch whisky industry.
I'm already considering not voting Labour because of Corbyn's inability to actually say what he wants in terms of the EU.
Russia watches as two democracies that orchestrated Moscow's Cold War defeat suffer political breakdowns
British MPs pause Brexit turmoil for letter-box debate #NigeriaNews #Nigeria
current status of world politics: Britain has the worst, most obstinate, least effective PM it's had in the past 50 years. She will soon win a no-confidence vote because any alternative is worse. #TheresaMay #Brexit #catastrophe
Hello, I'm a t shirt designer. you need design. just order place.. my link..
Labour threatens to bring Brexit no confidence vote 'again and again and again'
Pro-EU Conservative lawmaker puts forward legislation for second Brexit referendum - Reuters
This man is shameless
The next election begins on this, someone on the Labour side has got to grow a backbone &amp; ask the REAL questions of Corbyn on brexit. Why aren't the PLP challenging these figures (much repeated during todays' debate, PM is making a big deal of it) CHALLENGE CORBYN!
Tory accuses pregnant Labour MP over pledge to attend Brexit vote
It is business as usual, IT cos waiting for Brexit decision: Shivendra Singh, Nasscom |
Brexit delay beyond March 29 to perk up pound sterling and British financial markets: Hugh Johnson |
Because he’s useless?
Theresa May was just accused of 'pure robotic fantasy'
Gold rises on failed Brexit vote, Fed rate hike pause hopes |
Theresa May has one last throw of the Brexit dice via
These people were the ones pushing Brexit. These are they, now taking their money and investing it elsewhere. Patriots? Pull the other one.
stop telling me what I voted for, stop saying this isn't my Brexit, stop telling anyone that will allow you a public forum what Leavers now think. We don't do that to you or remainers so show some respect. #LBC
Balfour boss in Brexit blast at Chancellor
She wasn't even the fucking PM when the country 'voted'. It's dictatorial to suggest anything other than nobody had a fucking clue what kind of Brexit they were voting for on the 23rd June 2016, because nobody in government had entertained the idea. A fudge since day 1.
“How did a principle that belongs in the marketplace, of expressing dissatisfaction through departure, trigger the greatest constitutional crisis since 1945? Viewed this way, Brexit isn’t so much a celebration of ... democracy, as a new frontier in the marketisation of politics.”
BBC News - Brexit and no-confidence vote: Corbyn targets 'zombie government'
"The Labour leader isn’t making any effort to prevent Brexit because he doesn’t want to prevent Brexit."
Waste sector seeks clarity following Brexit deal vote -
well given this was all passed on the statute books the only thing stopping brexit is thereselves
Finding it hard not to tweet about #Brexit. But the level of ignorance, denial, refusal to engage with hard choices and reality has now reached a level for which I have no vocabulary. And others (chiefly ) are doing it anyway so much better..
Ken Clarke emphasises the need for a Customs Union to maintain frictionless trade with Europe. Theresa May has not responded as far as I can see. #Brexit
Brexit will never happen!
Couldn't put it better myself
No consensus with remainers who's only solution is to cancel Brexit.
Why waste government time,calling for a vote of no confidence. The Conservatives and DUP are not going to give up their cushtie seats and have the embarrassing confrontations on the door steps of the voters about Brexit. Your all just as bad as each other.
We are now in a national crisis thanks to divisions and confusion within both Tories and Labour. The # Libdems have been consistent in our opposition to a hard Brexit and the right of people to decide whether they accept the deal negotiated . We need to rekindle community spirit.
Superb
At least newspapers can be pretty sure their demand will go up if the chaos really hits.
Better than “Brexit means Brexit “
If not, I don't know if there's time to legally organise a 2nd Ref before t deadline; No-deal must be avoided at all costs; Then, if time's all out, then I think you can legitimately revoke A50, &amp;say 'those who want Brexit, make a plan, &amp; we'll look at it when you have'.
These are usually the people who insist that Land Rover never had any reliability issues and that Toyota took over the global 4x4 market because they were cheaper 'Jap Crap'. They don't live in the real world. I suspect they voted for Brexit
I disagree with you about 98% of the time, but this and similar "pieces" by CNN are garbage. An earlier headline for this link (since changed) suggested that Putin himself orchestrated all partisanship in the U.S. and UK, even the current Brexit turmoil.
ok, I'm almost sold on this, lets say I believe the EU is an obstacle to interventionalist democratic socialism. How do we safely get to Lexit? JC ostensibly wants a closer relationship. Does anyone in Labour actually have a plan for it that doesn't hand the country to fascists?
Lecturer: We will potentially be discussing #Brexit *Half the class starts laughing*
I keep on getting emails from suppliers warning us of price increase in the event of a hard #brexit This is not good news.
Get all fearful and upset over Brexit by all means, but there is a deeper moral problem with society
What happens now with Brexit? British PM Theresa May's big defeat leaves no clear options | Analysis by CNN's lukemcgee
Brexit fallout: 'I do not regret calling the referendum,' says David Cameron
Brexit 2: May &amp; Trump vs Truth, with Stephen Fry via
How Europe reacted to Brexit deal defeat |
Never mind can May save her Brexit deal – can the Tories save their party?
A GE with a party mandate of, 'Vote SNP and we will declare independence'? A UK party saying, 'Vote for us and we will reverse Brexit'? Probably neither actually possible, sadly.
A Brexit voter here, . One of my reasons for voting Leave was so that we could have an independent trade policy and leave the Customs Union. Please stop telling me what I think and why I voted the way I did. You're hopelessly out of touch. #NoConfidence
In moments of frustration I'm thinking..." Go on May... do it.... go on.... do it! ... take us to a no deal Brexit crash out on March 29th and lets make sure you own the shit-storm that will surely follow...lets see what the MSM and the electorate make of that.
Yvette Cooper accuses Theresa May of making Brexit progress "impossible" by sticking to her red lines. She asks if the PM will rule out a post-Brexit customs union with the EU. Mrs May replies: "What I want to see is what the British people voted for..." MPs groan.
Remainers idea of democracy ... let’s split opposition vote &amp; keep option they’ve already rejected on table. Brexit has been handled badly to be sure, but that and the attitude of the Peoples Vote crowd has only strengthened desire to leave and brought democratic Remainers over
So #Brexit Is #Wreaksit Score Another YUGE Victory For #Putin's #CyberWar On The West #PutinsPuppet Is Doing His Dirty Deeds Here Now So We've Spent #Trillions In #Defense To Counter #USSR/#Russia And We Lose #WWIII On #SocialMedia... via
Please see our latest statement on Brexit: #OilandGasUK
How Europe reacted to Brexit deal defeat |
Pound Rises After 'Meaningful' Brexit Vote
Confidence vote LIVE: Corbyn’s plan backfires as MPs pressure him to change Brexit stance, #news #rt ,
If you source from the #usa speak to . We operate scheduled services from all points - and offer competitive, simple pricing structure - #import #logistics #freight #airfreight #oceanfreight #shipping #supplychain
WTO rules: What happens if there's a no-deal Brexit?: Could the UK… TheBikiniCalendar
Nothing is simple with BREXIT now. borders borders borders........ WTO rules: What happens if there's a no-deal Brexit?
Brexit vote: Donald Tusk hints UK should stay in EU: The European Council… TheBikiniCalendar
What's the odds on abstaining in this evening's vote of no confidence? #Brexit shambles. #DissolveTheUnion
Brexit and no-confidence vote: Corbyn targets 'zombie government': Labour… TheBikiniCalendar
In almost every aspect of British life there are positives to a no-deal Brexit | Bill Cash
Ya fucking nigger get what want.. shats all fuq you ultraleft terorist.. blood on your hand wil bee soom remove.. with you.. #Brexit
May again refusing to repeat the line given by her spokesman earlier
This isn’t a debate. It’s an intervention. #Brexit #BrexitVote
What do the 'bad boys' of Brexit have to do with Russia and Trump?
Brexit deal: Merkel blasts May deal hopes and says Article 50 extension is ‘FICTION’ | World | News |
It's nice Trump gets to see Theresa May's ignominious fall UK is now forced out of EU with no deal on trade, immigration, anything else When you sow the hate &amp; division of white nationalism of May, this is what you reap #Brexit #TheResistance #BlueWave
If he would just come out STRONGLY against Brexit, he would be 20 pts ahead of May in the polls. That's the issue, they're the exact same on Brexit, which is going to destroy the UK economy.
What makes you think most people changed their mind? So what happens if the majority still votes for Brexit? I suppose then you want a 3rd referendum. In others continue to vote until your side wins.
Pregnant MP Tulip Siddiq delays child birth for Brexit vote - BBC News #MakeADifference
Brexit deal rejected in historic vote: Here's what next |
IT WAS A NON-BINDING REFERENDUM, #BREXIT GITS. #exitbrexit #exitthebrexit #UK
#Today #NONCOMMENTO Thanks to #brexit #battisti
The PM , doing well in standing up for #Brexit while &amp; now Ken Clark trying to say we should stop in a Customs Union. That is not what we voted for. MPs are showing how useless the majority of them are &amp; that they only want to stop #Brexit.
Enjoy Brexit and the wank fantasy of Empire 2.0.
Brexit and no-confidence vote: Corbyn targets 'zombie government' Finally #DavidCameron has turned up to support he's saying he doesn't regret calling the referendum, well he should.
Hey Shappi. I wrote a poem on the absurd flirtations with #Brexit, which I thought you might enjoy xx
WTO terms with several EU side deals is as positive as it gets. To not see this, is an absence of critical thinking.
Just when you thought tories were all mendacious authoritarian bastards, along comes a reminder that they are full of nasty small-mindedness as well. As if you needed a reminder.
love too put party over country
DealBook Briefing: ‘Brexit’ Deal Fails; What’s Next for Britain?
Almost 90k votes &amp; 7hrs to go.
This is an EU offer to renegotiate if we accept Freedom of Movement and membership of the Single Market. But if we do that, why leave? #NoDealvsNoBrexit
As for what the vote was sold as: it wasn’t sold as a best of three no... but it also wasn’t sold as a no deal brexit either.
#Brexit = All Brits are under a huge fan=the EU membership,blowing vertically up. #Brexteers produces nonsense which like smelling fecal matter floats over due to the generated pressure. #Brexit will be turning off the fan, so everything will fall,all Brits will be dirty&amp;smelly.
Some of us vote for a Tory MP who we know is (or who we believe to be) trustworthy. The party leadership though is thoroughly anti-democratic, hence traitors like Grieve n Soubry. Those Judases would much prefer a Labour govt n UK still in EU than a Tory govt n real Brexit.
So, given that after 2.5 years there is still no widely acceptable Brexit option, let's just suspend Article 50 indefinitely. To honour the referendum result we can agree to restart it when the leave group have presented a comprehensive, workable, realistic and deliverable plan!
Cameron says he regrets Brexit ‘difficulties and problems’ via
Putin was heartbroken by the fall of the Soviet Union, and he tried to get revenge by supporting #Trump and #Brexit, Now that everyone on earth KNOWS that, why can’t we unite, and reject Trump, Brexit, and Putin all at the same time? Why hesitate?
Not unlike #Brexit then?
Theresa May has clearly concorted (with Brussels) the worst #Brexit deal possible. Not leveraging the fact UK would be the single largest EU customer and that they would hand over £39b. Yet #DUP will still back her in the vote of confidence? #TreasonMay
Why the heck not? Time is running out.
keeps repeating "I'd like to make some progress before any more interventions" She hasn't made any progress on anything. And now its back to 2010! Blame Labour , 9 years you've had love, you dumb bint #brexit
Wrote this
If she wants to implement "the will of the people," it would be as well to find out what it is, as distinct from what it was 2 1/2 years ago, when Leave's big lies had not yet been exposed and no one had a clue what Brexit would entail.
New brexit proposition: all the slow walkers are put on an island and left there.
i have to agree, this is a rerun of the muppet show lol Brexit and real liberation via
#May is wasting our time. Just leave. #noconfidence #brexit
I have to disagree, as long as the Tories are in power austerity will continue is the UK, it is superfluous to say it'll be worse after Brexit, austerity kills people right now, a PV will not rid the country of the Tories a GE will.
How can you choose when you don’t trust anything that’s been said.
So why are MPs trying to chuck Brexit????
If nobody has taken the opportunity to film a “keeping up with brexit” style reality tv show then they have missed out on a lot of money and drama.. would be 5 star viewing
Only a General election can extend Article 50!! And here is why... #Brexit #BrexitShambles #GeneralElectionNow #Article50
It’s one thing to resign after achieving nothing and being an utter failure. It’s quite another to resign after achieving noting and being an utter failure...and then constantly claim sorting it out is a piece of piss.
Many more Brexit deals possible with EU. But all of them give a closer relationship than TM's deal. NoDealer's will vote them down. Remainers will see them all as "EU minus" and vote them down also. NoDeal isn't happening, so... #peoplesVote is now only way out.
Be more like Donald Trump! Fight for what the people want and that's to BREXIT now!
YES People have spoken! BREXIT in March is automatic freedom. While California voters paying more tax, people all over Europe protesting against government control and climate funded high taxes.
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
The British parliament proved that people only matter when electing their representatives, after they're elected the people count for nothing #Brexit
May’s Brexit Deal Failed. What Happens Now?
Great thread on how all clear Brexut/no Brexit options left are unsatisfactory, especially with regard to another ref.
There's May's problem. She clearly believes her view on Brexit is everyone's view. She's wrong and Kenneth Clarke is right to slap her down for stating such a position.
Wrong, in the 2017 GE Corbyn said Brexit meant leaving the single market &amp; ending free movement. That was labour’s policy.
To be fair, you used to flog a newspaper that hacked dead people’s phones
Steve Hilton: Original intent of Brexit - restoring freedom and sovereignty - buried by inept bureaucrats
Remind me again who the President represents?
Nothing you can say can change this fact, it's something that has to be accepted. And what ever Brexit we end up with will not be the one many people voted for.
Win 2manydjs tickets! Cure that Brexit headache this Saturday night at den Atelier
12:15: No New Solutions on #Brexit Currently Being Considered, #EU Does Not Lose Hope of #UK Orderly Withdrawal - #German Foreign Minister
Germany accuses army linguist of spying for Iran over Afghan missions #MAGA #Brexit #GilletsJaunes
"That 'disruption' is a large number of people losing their livelihoods and jobs" explains the economic consequences of Theresa May's attempt at Brexit
Brexit means brexit Are laws, are borders and the other one.
You had me at 'large roasts'
"A hard Brexit would hit the German auto sector hard, IW said, representing about 60 per cent of the extra costs German firms would face.IW researcher Markos Jung said the prospect of a plunge in German exports to the UK in the event of a hard Brexit was a “horrific scenario” ...
The analysis is faultless and the critique of referendums powerful
And clearly the best deal is to remain.
Pathetic political gamesmanship from the Labour Party. Rather than giving a credible alternative they just play games in parliament in order to try &amp; gain power. All party’s should be united in getting the best Brexit for our country. Instead it’s all party point scoring.
I'm intrigued by the increasing use of the phrase 'clean Brexit' (instead of 'no Brexit') by Brexiteers. The metaphor suggests purity and, through a seciondary metaphor, moral purity. Whoever came up with it knew what they were doing.
All one needs to remember Ron is that hard Brexit and soft Brexit are words and phrases conjured up by people who want to stay within the EU.
And woke up today with news on brexit and slept with this?! Hectic week , sums to hectic January #economy2019
If Theresa May is going to read between the lines as to what the referendum - a binary choice - was about, why stop there? They voted for: • fewer non-white people • a return to empire &amp; handing back of the colonies • resurrection of the Corn Laws #Brexit #ConfidenceVote
Brexit was denied by parliament. The US government is on Day 25 of a shutdown. The world is falling apart, yall.
Remainers have a mandate by default. Remember the 2016 referendum was advisory only. The government took the advice, but the result was not acceptable to Parliament (to put it mildly). If Brexit isn't acceptable to Parliament, that only leaves Remain.
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
In moments of frustration I'm thinking..." Go on May... do it.... go on.... do it! ... take us to a no deal Brexit crash out on March 29th and lets make sure you own the shit-storm that will surely follow...lets see what the MSM and the electorate make of that.
Owen Reidy, a trade union leader, writes:
Last time on B50 in Shanghai... British Prime Minister visited Shanghai. This time on another B50... The UK Parliament vetoed the #Brexit deal. Both of them related to the #48Shuffle of the #SNH48 in some way.
Mark Carney: Sterling rebound reflects expectations that no-deal Brexit less likely - business live
Sketching out designs, inspired by the village of Saint Cirq Lapopie, that I'll use in window panels and pillar candle boxes. Drawing allows me to sit on the sofa and listen to the Brexit…
Watching on #BBCparliament has convinced me that she is one of those dolls from the 1970’s. The one’s where you pulled out the string to hear the same old phrases. Do we actually have evidence that she’s human? #brexit
Why is everybody saying that the vote yesterday makes #NoDeal #Brexit less likely? There is not much time left and I don't see a majority for any realistic alternative forming in parliament. Doesn't that make a no deal scenario very likely, since it is the default?
The only thing we should be ruling out is the attempt to reverse Brexit.
Asian companies warn of 'serious implications' of no-deal Brexit - Nikkei Asian Review -
#CNN "Russian leader may have had a hand in triggering the turmoil" ..... NO...Leftists and #MSM have definitely manufactured the "turmoil" in UK and USA. No doubt about it #Trump #PelosiSchumerShutdown #brexit
“Nobody wants to change the content of the agreement,”said the MEP,who represents Athen’s ruling party Syriza.“There is absolutely no chance of that happening but there would be a will to extend the WA if it meant avoiding thechaos of a disorderly Brexit.”
Facepalm moment with this comment when #BBC5Live visited Wrexham earlier. #brexit
The latest The news-en Daily! #usrc #brexit
YouGov have it at 8% Other pollsters are available
Things are going well with #Brexit. You can now bet on which foods will be rationed first in 2019 through
Brexit means Brexit
New Video: Brexit Fisheries Bill "pays lip service to sustainability" #Wales #Senedd #FisheriesBill
Don’t let Brexit money worries ruin your holiday plans this year…
They are out of touch. Their constituents do not want No Deal. They think Brexit will be bad for jobs and bad for the NHS. Many leavers are having a change of heart. The majority of our respondents want to stay in the EU and they want a People's Vote.
We’ve been out speaking to politics students at in #Wigan to hear what they think about Brexit
Coming back to haunt you ... Brexit means Brexit, Strong and Stable, No deal is better than a bad deal... just saying .... so please explain where did 'my deal or no Brexit' come from?
#PMQs Theresa May’s brexit referendum questions were very different to mine. I was only asked whether I wanted to leave or remain, I wasn’t asked any of the questions she seems to think I voted on #BrexitShambles #NoRecordToBeProudOf
This is painful. May shouting people voted for things then admitting they voted for different things. This whole episode is a sham. The country is a joke and the damage is done. Stop. Reverse. #Remain #brexit #BrexitShambles #NoConfidenceVote
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
Hello, I'm a t shirt designer. you need design. just order place.. my link..
This is about time that someone put the end to this Tories Brexit project and abandon the whole thing. It has already damaged British economy and politics enough. #Brexit #endBrexit #StopBrexit
Ironical that one post brexit scenario then is called ‘Norway+’
Jarvis Cocker called for a second referendum using the most perfect analogy about Brexit
Will back May on #Brexit if deal keeps UK in EU customs union: Labour Party
No. Next..
trying to get my head around Brexit like
Exactly.
What's Nexit? #BrexitVote #Brexit
'She's the Florence Foster Jenkins of politics' ... perfect
No, but having spoken to leave voters and seeing their arguments on social media before the referendum they were talking about a lot more than no deal Brexit so I can say with confidence that 17m didn’t vote for no deal Brexit. Can you offer up any different evidence?
Kicking off with an interesting Brexit chaos read-out from Madrid by Carlos Carnero, director of the major think-tank
We need to hit tweet broadcasters and reporters like has done. retweeting and liking isn't enough. Get all the pictures you have or retweet to at somebodies. #Brexit and the #NoConfidence means we have to shout louder for #ZimbabweShutDown.
"there is no Left case for remain" -- great recent words by great, very honest, very pro-social leftists #Brexit
Who is suggesting democracy isn't prevailing? Who is to say that if Brexit goes ahead there won't be civil unrest, more through economic depravation than moaning windbags upset their dodgy opinion poll failed to produce unicorns
I suppose forex traders have not gotten it completely wrong before....
Nobody in Ireland was made to vote again
Peoples' vote. No Deal Vs Brexit. A binary choice with two specific outcomes. If, for all of the 52%, Brexit means Brexit, despite the consequences, they'll get the same result. I suspect there are many people who voted leave, do not want a ND Brexit. But that's the only choice
"They voted to leave the custom union, to leave jurisdiction of the ecj" etc. etc. Basically claiming they voted for full hard brexit, when there are videos all over with politicians and leavers claiming "no-ones said anything about the ecj or customs union". Crazy blinkeredness
Exactly the point - nobody has any idea what type of Brexit Leave voters voted for. There is no way to know. So we should have another vote, with defined options.
Why the left should champion Brexit
"We don't know what is Labour stance on Brexit " PM. I know. and whoever doesn't know is either bad informed by a con, or stupid.
48% of voters did not vote for ANY of this. Not for soft Brexit, hard Brexit, Norway plus, Canada plus, Switzerland, Customs Union only, or any other pathetic and unworkable plan that an MP pulls out of their magic hat. They voted to stay in the EU. The end.
High go fix this Brexit thing please!
"what Brexit means? It's difficult for people with learning difficulties to understand. Can someone come to one of our meetings and explain?" Any takers?
What about the millions (and Labour membership) who want to Remain...when does Labour speak for them!!! Otherwise more brexit drivel from current Labour front bench
is getting peppered by her own bench! Having to continually tell the colleges to “give her a minute” whilst they talk over her! She’s lost the crowed! It’s game over. #brexit #Corbyn #TheresaMay
#Brexit Today’s politicians pathetic all worst lot of MPs of all time. Name one good one there isn’t even 1. All you had to do was deliver Brexit. All you do is fight with each other, trying to derail Brexit all of you. Biggest bunch of MUPPETS of all time in Parliament.
BREXIT UPDATE #FOREX #ForexTrading #ForexTrader #Cfd #CfdTrading #CfdTrader #Buy #Sell #WorldTraders #Investors #Win #Winning #Wiiner #Invests360 #Invests360Global #invests360.com
Want another example of how the world is institutional incompatible with motherhood? (Also, check out Norman Lamont on C4 News last night snorting with derision that this is even an issue....) #birthmatters #feminist
So, at least $39 Billion so far.
Why is this woman talking like the big winner? She lost massively! #Brexit
And with "the people". It's been obvious for some time that her repetition of that mantra was laying down the foundations to blame those who voted for #brexit #NotMeGuv
Brexit #ThingsThatAreBadForYourHealth
This isn’t going well.
Two parties, both alike in infamy, In shady Westminster, where we lay our scene, From ancient grudge no change, no mutiny, Where civil blood makes politicians' hands unclean. Two parties, in establishment's thrall. Four Nations, one house to rule us all. #PMQs #Brexit
#Brexit = All Brits are under a huge fan=the EU membership,blowing vertically up. #Brexteers produces nonsense which like smelling fecal matter floats over due to the generated pressure. #Brexit will be turning off the fan, so everything will fall,all Brits will be dirty&amp;smelly.
PA Headline: Giant posters featuring quotes from prominent Brexit politicians have been pasted onto billboards around Dover.
This.
With #Brexit fast approaching, #LocalEnterprise Office Fingal is urging small businesses to ensure they are preparing for Brexit. Mentors are available to assist you. If you would like to make an appointment with our Brexit Mentor, please contact us as soon as possible.
Brexit stamps due out shortly #BrexitShambles #FBPE
Second referncum MUSt include the five million (ALL EU citizens in UK and Brits in mainland Europe) Please RT so we say it loudly
Huh, ‘People’s Vote’ The EU has form when it comes to second referendums. #Brexit #FBPE
Says the guy from Belgium.
Is Brexit the ultimate political Bird Box challenge?
letsrecycle: Waste sector seeks clarity following Brexit deal vote -
In moments of frustration I'm thinking..." Go on May... do it.... go on.... do it! ... take us to a no deal Brexit crash out on March 29th and lets make sure you own the shit-storm that will surely follow...lets see what the MSM and the electorate make of that.
The EU would consider a potential British request for closer post-Brexit ties than London has sought so far, but will not renegotiate the withdrawal agreement rejected by parliament, its Brexit negotiator said on Wednesday.
A Swedish Artist Tried to Reverse Brexit. Now ‘Leave’ Campaigners Have Accused the London Gallery That Hosted His Work of Meddling in Politics
*picks up Brexit from the floor* "And does this spark joy?"
Why is leaving on WTO terms such as risk Mike?
#PMQs #NoConfidence in Conniving CONS...
Cross Parliamentary talks are the staple of normal healthy UK government. Then Theresa May took power. #brexit #pmqs
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK - CNNPolitics
Good for Gina Miller!!!
He has a nitwit in the White House with sycophants cheering the turmoil. Meanwhile, the UK is in turmoil over a dubious vote to Brexit. Yeah, this is Putin's dream.
Chukka is saying that parliament won’t let Brexit happen, so what’s the point in another vote? If leave wins again they won’t implement it...
Sod #Brexit . I want to cede all UK territory and governance to Liechtenstein, a country so nice that they went to war and brought back a friend. Can you please help ?
So we are coming up to the date of #Brexit 2 and a half years after #BrexitVote and they now say we have 2 options LEAVE with no deal or REMAIN and have no Brexit at all. Surely that is exactly what was on the ballot papers in 2016? 2 and a half years of crap!
Yes Anna. But how are you going to get that through Theresa Mays deaf ears and thick skull.
#SovereignWTOBrexit is the only way to deliver Brexit, democracy and a future for Great Britain and is exactly what we voted for...
Brexit Roundtable Webinar: Outlook for GBP and London Stocks In this webinar, three of the DailyFX UK-based analysts discuss the outlook for the British Pound and London stocks after the historic Brexit defeat for the UK Prime Minister....
Theresa May has one last throw of the Brexit dice via
Should we Brexit, visas will certainly be available for Indians &amp;people from any other countries the UK will want to negotiate a trade deal with Also available when many Brexiters cotton on,a continued rise in ‘wtf are all these brown people doing here’ or words to that effect
Take it as a blessing
#BrExit is old news #MayXit is coming
This juxtaposition is a particularly nice one... #brexit
Anyone not tweeting about Brexit will be forced to delete it or shoehorn a Brexit reference into it for the next 3 weeks. Kill me fucking now #brexit
No onus on to do anything then? Looks like he is setting the UK up to take all the blame for Hard Brexit and is going to sit on his hands and allow it to happen. There's not a hope in hell any workable solution will emerge in London
Its pedantic, but I really don't like when Theresa May says "the British Public" voted to leave the EU - the fact is the majority of the people who voted in the referendum voted to leave the EU - I accept that fact, but its just not true the British Public voted to leave #Brexit
Oh look, more election mis-spending and dishonesty by Leave campaigners. The only suprising thing about this these days is that neither the BBC or the opposition actually ever mention it, which is probably the really worrying thing.
You have to laugh at the sheer incompetence
It’s still Brexit Diane. Any type of Brexit will make the poor poorer. I cannot understand why Labour wants the poor to be even poorer after what they have had to go through with Tory austerity. It’s simple crazy stuff - Labour will never be forgiven if you push Brexit through
Anybody like to tell me what the point of this ‘debate’ is? It’s a confidence vote in the government, not a Brexit debate. So many other issues about the competence of this government being ignored. Debate the overall record please #ConfidenceVote
well done for your PMQ appearance today and I agree with the sentiment of your question. No matter how you and I feel about Brexit, please can you assure me that you will support whatever is necessary to protect us against no deal, now that the PM’s deal is dead?
They need careful watching
My eyes are open, it’s a lie, it’s manipulative and not a single penny will go to the NHS due to BREXIT
Erm, we already had a GE with both of them supporting Brexit. What you really mean is "what's the point of having a GE if everyone doesn't agree with me".
Theresa May is wretched. She has shown no interest in being flexible on Brexit. It's almost like she doesn't understand that her deal is dead. Maybe her circuits can't process the information yet? #PMQs
You ****** well SHOULD regret it! You started a political war. You singularly divided the country. You allowed racism &amp; sexism to rise. We’ll never be the same again, and the massive defeat last night spells that out clearly. SO...you should REGRET it! #RevokeArticle50
It is not the Government's legislation though is it...it is the nation's and also the same legislation promoted by Corbyn. This is not an idealogical difference. Simply that Jezza wants to rule the Brexit shambles instead of May.
All has done since the vote yesterday is to lay down their red lines before they will enter any talks - i thought 'nothing was off the table' ?
This whole brexit debate is rather ridiculous. And the way corbyn trying to seize power is also rather impossible. And also... second referendum will make this great country more divisive. So, which one of these options is better?
Yeah no brexit.
Infringement of the #2a is why people can't protect themselves in Chicago #RemoveRashida #Constitution #WednesdayWisdom #SchumerPelosoShutDown #Emergency1066 #AllLight_with_ASTRO #AllNight #Ghostbusters #blackish #Brexit #BuildTheWall #MAGA
Because of this, I think it's unlikely the EU will extend Art. 50 to June (or later) unless the UK Parliament has already voted to hold a new Brexit referendum (the #PeoplesVote). I don't think they'll extend it just to increase the chances of such a referendum happening. 5/
Brexit and no-confidence vote: Corbyn targets 'zombie government' - that will be offering a Bungles Government then (even stated by many Labour supporters!)
The #Euro is overvalued.. Germany needs a low € #ECB must take action.. That German GDP is in $ terms = expect a fall. Asia &amp; China is standing on a cliff edge in 2019. The 10 year QE wave will now devalue assets. #brexit
Genuine question: how much was spent on Brexit so far?
And my Jewish next door neighbour cannot claim the Holocaust. Yet she can still have her say on it. You’re an intelligent man, but you don’t half talk some fucking shite about Brexit.
Brexit : « Enough is enough »
When I see people arguing for #Brexit by saying we survived WWII and rebuilt after that I literally can't understand why anyone would want to go through that. We had NINE years of rationing *after* the war FFS.
Yer, but Dim Tim is available because he hasn't a clue about what Brexit actually means. Proved by the Samuel Clements (Mark Twain) quotation "it is better to keep silent and be thought a fool rather than to speak out and dispel all doubts"
If we allow the Tories to inflict Brexit on our country we can forget dealing with poverty or stopping cuts. It will be Brexit, Brexit, Brexit for the next decade. That’s why this matters.
She's backing a hard Brexit and sides with the ERG in the Tory Party, the media barons, the offshore money movers and spivs and crooks. All the people she feels comfortable with. She's a pure right winger. The rest is Maybot bull.
Dan Hodges suggest Corbyn would combine with May to create a joint Brexit policy if only she would agree.
Crushing defeat in UK vote ‘raises risk of no-deal Brexit’: #Brexit #research
You've lost the plot. You don't live with reality. You still believe that 'we hold all the cards' don't you? You carry on believing in your illegal vote. Brexit isn't happening. Learn to live with that fact.
She has got it wrong but a general election will not sort the country out. Politicians should work together to deliver brexit and as a country we can get on with what the people voted for. He is far too weak to run a government.
Download And Stereaming 2019 Movies Free! Dont Forget To Retweet!! #2009vs2019challenge #Spiderman #spidermanTH #Venom #Movies #Gillete #TuesdayThoughts #NationalHatDay #Girl #GilletteAd #TheFlash #Brexit #SDLive #BBB19 #Videos #bbb2019 #WayVisCOMING
Nah, a brexit is when you spend 4 hours at a party, have a great time and meet lots of new people, but a group of people say it's time for everyone to leave, so you spend another 4 hours trying to find a taxi, then pay £40 million for it.
Hi Mike. Well done matey: Lenin would have been proud of you for having helped to create the biggest political mess that the uk has ever faced. Job only half done. Next step full Brexit which will bring unemployment and the most left wing labour government the UK has ever seen!
Needs be ruthless instead of fannying. You don’t get the deal you leave without simple. We will be fine. I voted remain but Christ it’s starting to get on me tits. Having a Brexit minded PM probably would of helped instead of a staunched remainer.
'Off the incompetence scale': readers react to May's Brexit defeat
The greatest Zombie is mr Corbyn himself,look mr Corbyn to the 14miljoen people in UK the have no money to life #Brexit
Tommy Robinson Speech Brexit Betrayal Event London via
My 18 year old son and 14 year old daughter are now reflecting on how Brexit would have turned out had Home Rule gone to Ireland all those years ago. Some interesting debates going on here today #homeed
Sounds like a plan ! as they say #WTOBrexit or #justdoit #FreeTrade and #LeaveMeansLeave
#Ireland rules? and what is the bribe to #DUP this time? - move #British #parliament to #NothernIreland? #VoteofConfidence #JeremyCorbyn #NoConfidenceVote in #TheresaMay #UnitedIreland want to #remain #GoNow! #Brexit #wato #BBCpm
Leavers can try every excuse in the book, but this is the real world and all that matters is that they have, to date, failed to deliver brexit. Had they got on with it then this would be a debate about re-joining. In the big boys game the other side doesn't give you a head start.
Balfour boss tells chancellor and Brexit secretary uncertainty is damaging construction
Yes, which begs the question if we need a Mueller type investigation on #Brexit, or even to request to join a branch onto that investigation, as there seem to be various overlaps.
I have signed the People’s Vote Petition to demand a vote on the Brexit deal.We, the people, have the democratic right to determine our own future: #PeoplesVote
After Defeat on Brexit Plan, Theresa May Faces No-Confidence Vote
The first vote was not fair &amp; votes were not counted also I want the politicians to decide, they're elected to do that.. 'will of the people' is not my slogan. People voted, the process was followed, no #Brexit possible end of.
2017 election was announced and run in about 50 days and there are 72 days until Brexit.
Download And Stereaming 2019 Movies Free! Dont Forget To Retweet!! #2009vs2019challenge #Spiderman #spidermanTH #Venom #Movies #Gillete #TuesdayThoughts #NationalHatDay #Girl #GilletteAd #TheFlash #Brexit #SDLive #BBB19 #Videos #bbb2019 #WayVisCOMING
DealBook Briefing: ‘Brexit’ Deal Fails; What’s Next for Britain?
WE ARE STUCK
Pro tip: there isn’t a ‘good Brexit’. Yep, the EU has serious flaws and we ALL complain about it regularly. But when you look at the alternatives to membership, they are all rubbish. Sorry, but life isn’t perfect.
"The UK is the fourth largest export destination for American goods and services. If there is no Brexit deal, a weakened £ would make US goods more costly..."
What Chuka's not saying is a load of brexit voters are dead already
Wonder what the leave constituents, of the treacherous Dominic Grieve think of him #Brexit
WATCH: The European Union is central to Scotland's economy and underpins so many important sectors. Today I asked if the Secretary of State for Scotland was arguing in favour of ruling out a no-deal Brexit, around the cabinet table.
Because brexit is a distraction while homelessness and poverty soar, I realise it doesn't affect you in your comfortable job, but it matters to real people.
Business groups respond to outcome of vote on Brexit deal - Business groups have responded to the outcome of the vote on Prime Minister Theresa May’s Brexit deal.
We don't need a losers vote we should walk away the EU will come too us it would be devastating for Europe economy. Irish Republic would need bailing out by EU. #brexit
What a charming pronounciation of "No Deal"
#pmqs At what point will the nation realise that this whole Brexit issue is a Tory internal division and Theresa Mays one single goal is to stop them fragmenting. Every step she has made has been for the party not the people.
Business groups have called for politicians to work together to avoid leaving the EU without a deal, following Parliament's historic rejection of the Government's Brexit proposal yesterday:
Parliament voted for it as well when they triggered article 50
My right honourable gentleman, my right honourable friend. Let's be fair, none of u are friends, none of u are gentlemen and none of you Brexit cunts are honourable.
#Paris- From those at LeMonde Diplomatic : ‘Bad news from Newport - Two years after the Brexit vote and six months before a final outcome that no one can yet even guess, a return to the Welsh Valleys that voted Leave for lack of any hope
#Brexit = All Brits are under a huge fan=the EU membership,blowing vertically up. #Brexteers produces nonsense which like smelling fecal matter floats over due to the generated pressure. #Brexit will be turning off the fan, so everything will fall,all Brits will be dirty&amp;smelly.
Why the landslide defeat of Theresa May's Brexit deal matters to the U.S.: "If this continues, then we're going to have another recession"
My MP is not on there. I shall be emailing her this morning, her constituency voted remain so I really don't see why not. #brexit
We voted to have our own migration policy, so EFTA is out of the question. #brexit
The most difficult questions for May from Labour in this debate are on what she is willing to compromise on on Brexit after her huge defeat. Yvette Cooper tries to pin May down on Customs Union but fails
Isn't it better to know now rather than everyone at the Airport and no flights. This is not project fear. Britain will not get clearance after BREXIT without fresh RULES OF THE AIR. May is an idiot, she knows nothing but hostile environment. NOT TECHNICAL.
Janguar Landrover have tried their best to blame Brexit! But 'some' countries saw '08 coming. As I said, if you're in charge of the world's largest financial centre and didn't see it coming/ ignored warning signs which were presented, then you have to shoulder it.
Download And Stereaming 2019 Movies Free! Dont Forget To Retweet!! #2009vs2019challenge #Spiderman #spidermanTH #Venom #Movies #Gillete #TuesdayThoughts #NationalHatDay #Girl #GilletteAd #TheFlash #Brexit #SDLive #BBB19 #Videos #bbb2019 #WayVisCOMING
Crap. BREXIT!!! Damned autocorrect.
WREXITEER Theresa May Chosen to Deliberately Wreck Brexit, Trigger Second Referendum That Will Be Rigged For Bremain
I only don't want a general election, because I believe JC will just plough on with brexit. It's his core belief. If we have a 2nd vote first, then in a GE I prob would vote for him, but I want to remain first.
Statement on #Brexit deal defeat and #NoConfidence vote. I will continue to support and her government.
The Westminster Brexit and TV equipment festival is in full swing here. First prize in the tombola raffle is a stern talking to from
Hold a Second #Brexit Referendum
We know you haven’t given up and neither have we. If you want to end the national embarrassment that is Brexit, it’s time to join the Liberal Democrats &gt;
Brexit has just become Thressa May's personal private members bill. She needs to just go, GE or not.
What does that translate to?
“A brighter, fairer more prosperous future for everyone” ....isn’t #Brexit dependent, it’s removing the #Tories dependent...#NoConfidenceDebate #NoConfidence #BrexitDebate #GTTO
We Only Want a Clean Brexit as Voted For. Leaving The EU &amp; Customs Union. We did not vote for any soft deal at all. Nether does anyone want a second referendum full stop. Get Real and Get Us Out of Europe and stop the EU dictating to the UK once and for all. Full Brexit Now.
If you ever needed proof that the small government mouth breathers are idiots for cheering on the shutdown:
It’s almost like Brexit was a daft idea, dreamt up by some silly, vain men, in the first place.
By tradition there is a referendum on EU membership in the UK every 41 years (1975, 2016). That would give the government until 2057 to continue negotiating Brexit and then it will be back to the people for a best two out of three vote.
I think that if the (obvious) gamble of , and the EU commission fails and there's a No Deal #Brexit, both should be charged of criminal negligence (etc.). There are concessions to be made and you should make them!
Quite a good metaphor for Brexit. What we need now is people who can think in similar terms - bring Brexit to a safe landing on water, let the passengers get out, hopefully with nothing worse than wet feet, then let Brexit sink.
Bookies odds moving more strongly towards NOT leaving on 29th March.... #Brexit #BrexitVote #BrexitDebate
Petition: Repeal the EU Withdrawal Act to Prevent Accidental No-deal Brexit
Hypothetically speaking, If The EU wanted to get rid of us from their club,.. Would the country shut up shop and lie down, NO we' get on with things and build ourselves a Great Britain again... There's nothing to fear but fear itself.... If the scaeemongers get their way #Brexit
If those wanting brexit were able to agree, it would be done and dusted. But there is as much difference between hard and soft brexiters as between brexiters and remainers. Can you suggest a solution? You've had a few years to think of one!
What a mess
At this impasse, it’s time for the Prime Minister to stop living in fairy-land and face facts. It’s time to extend Article 50, and call a #PeoplesVote.”
first off, thank you for your hard work. The Economist is a constant in an ever changing world. Second, as an American trying to understand Brexit fully, who should I be following?!
Brexit trolls never cease to amaze us with their poor grasp of the English language. The use of the past participle in this context does not infer action by the first personal singular.
How come the idiots in Pawnee organise a recall vote for Leslie Knope, but the British Government can't organise a 2nd Brexit referendum?
Download And Stereaming 2019 Movies Free! Dont Forget To Retweet!! #2009vs2019challenge #Spiderman #spidermanTH #Venom #Movies #Gillete #TuesdayThoughts #NationalHatDay #Girl #GilletteAd #TheFlash #Brexit #SDLive #BBB19 #Videos #bbb2019 #WayVisCOMING
Well, the overinflated property market is going to nose dive with No-Deal Brexit.
I agree
17.4 million people feel the same about you and all the lying treacherous MP's that keep blocking Brexit, the PEOPLE voted to LEAVE, there was no deal mentioned and you MP's should stick to the law, as you all voted for, and accept NO DEAL !
Brexit will help workers A wall will keep criminals and drugs out Stopping the new airport will teach the corrupt a lesson More guns will stop crime Battling “Marxism” will fix our schools
No second ref. May and Tories will focus on blaming Labour for stopping 'Brexit' and extend the article 50 deadline to extend Brexit re-negotiation for as long as possible hoping Corbyn forced to give way to 'people's vote' pressure from Labour right.
May dodges question on whether she will shift to customs union again in Commons - I asked one Cabinet minister earlier when she will give ground, their answer was 'five past seven' #Brexit
Anyone who either opposes brexit or at the very least agrees that Tereasa May and her government are wholly inadequate and incapable of agreeing a deal in the interests of the people of the UK should be signing this and sharing it far and wide.
The party with a brexit secretary that does'nt want brexit
“No deal is better than a bad deal” #Brexit
In moments of frustration I'm thinking..." Go on May... do it.... go on.... do it! ... take us to a no deal Brexit crash out on March 29th and lets make sure you own the shit-storm that will surely follow...lets see what the MSM and the electorate make of that.
If course you are correct but sadly I see no way now that the clowns in parliament will allow a clean WTO brexit. Next step will be extending leave date and more stalling. Mays deal never ever honoured the vote, chequers was the indicator that the weak in commons ignored.
#Brexit in my view: We the British ppl had no serious problems for decades, so they decided to fuck that idill up. Since then they are pushing the pedal to the metal, while heading to a cliff-edge. #Clever #blamecameronnotjustmay
So Warrington voted to leave the EU, yet decided to vote against the Government and the wishes of her Constituency...typical Labour MP. What is your plan, Helen?? How do you suggest Mrs. May gets a better deal? ACTUAL FARCE!!!
a russian dude just came up to me and alysha and said ‘brexit is brexshit’
Savage, adj. "It's the kind of mess Greece would get itself into" - Greek newspaper
Jeremy Corbyn: “I am obliged to do what 500,000 Labour members voted for”. Theresa May: “I am obliged to do what 17,400,000 citizens voted for”. #Brexit
Every time yousins post a ‘lol ur fucked’ take regarding Brexit I make a note of your @ and add you to the growing list of people who’ll be deported from the country when 32CSR inevitably happens.
And that idiot Macron thinks he should comment on Brexit?
Have a vote on 3-4 choices under AV- first to 50%. Second choice votes considered if no winner first time round. Overall result will be more representative and we'd have instruction on the type of Brexit to go for if it wins .
Ep 3 : How the Tories created a warring multi-polar society to distract the many from inequality was living the life of riley whilst enjoying te Brexit and race riots on telly... Queen: Now do us all a favour and bugger off...
Either that, or an economically disastrous hard Brexit.
$INVP Weaker Inflation Joins Brexit Fog as Cause for BOE Rate Caution via
I'm Happy for Parliament to take control from the government as it is now obvious that and Her Government are not interested in delivering Brexit
UK Parliament Rejects Theresa May's No-Brexit/Brexit Deal - Stephen Lendman
Goffs chief urges parliament to resolve Brexit: "They should start working in the best interests of the country rather than playing politics with people’s lives."
What cooper can't accept is staying in the customs union isn't brexit. Their 'six tests' were always going to be impossible to achieve. But Labour's policy was to push for a general election, irrespective of how great a deal May came back with.
..streaming service has extra costs, amongst others hiring the former Democratic Presidential couple the Obamas to advise on future programming.. #Trump #QAnon #News #Brexit #TrumpTrain #BuildTheWall #2A #1A #QARMY #Q #WednesdayThoughts #GOP
Yes. I think this is right. Paralysis as the hard Brexit looms. This is like playing Russian Roulette with an entire country. Maybe this is how it ends
Careful with #hats blessings! #livingwithharmony use ours for making money - if #brexit means it is going to start producing #rabbits we might have to re think our business model #SBS Musical Rabbits?
We've also got two pages on the latest health news affecting the county, plus we've got reaction from to the Government's historic defeat over Theresa May's Brexit deal.
so, are you up for the job?
#Brexit = All Brits are under a huge fan=the EU membership,blowing vertically up. #Brexteers produces nonsense which like smelling fecal matter floats over due to the generated pressure. #Brexit will be turning off the fan, so everything will fall,all Brits will be dirty&amp;smelly.
The EU will happily punish delusional Britain for last night’s Brexit defeat
Superb as ever! On Boris Johnson: "And here comes the affectedly shambling figure of Boris Johnson – not so much a statesman as an Oxfam donation bag torn open by a fox."
GBP/USD Technical Analysis: Cable hugs 1.2850 as Brexit uncertainties unfold #GBPUSD #Technical Analysis
Just remember, some of the biggest supporters of that poppy happily murdered British soldiers and are your fellow Brexit travellers.....
Yes, but his aim is for a hard brexit under the Tories who will then be blamed for the economic catastrophe. Labour will then create an extreme socialist state out of the ashes.
The EU will happily punish delusional Britain for last night’s Brexit defeat
We have the EU starting their propaganda war saying no extention to Article 50 or negotiations in trying to scare those lame MPs' into supporting May who will try to push forward with her Brexit betraying agreement.
James O'Brien: "No Deal Or No Brexit, That's Where We Are Now"
The Broadsheet for Jan. 16
Is anyone else confused about Brexit? I feel like its been an yes no marathon for the past months
This this this &amp; This
Hello, I'm a t shirt designer. you need design. just order place.. my link..
why would it be May's deal if Parliament has already voted it down and it is not Brexit or anything like it. It is leave or remain as it was before- with Leave actually meaning Leave-
The Brexit project looks clearly that it is based on a far right ideology with strategies to "divide and conquer". Not wonder why the immigration issue was a major factor during the referendum. Majority now seems not to know what they voted for since the economy was good with EU.
This is to everyone who voted for his apparent “Leadership” qualities. Resigned a minute after the referendum results isn’t exactly a vote of confidence on the mess you unnecessarily created.
'Stop the #Brexit Clock' - with apologies to WH Auden Stop the Brexit clock, or hold another vote? Or have a new election? Keep the government afloat? Stress-test the options? Find a consensus view? There’s 10 weeks until Brexit and no-one has a clue...
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
Blow it all up? UK government faces no-confidence vote after epic Brexit defeat
Disingenuous. The whole Brexit enterprise was an exercise in Tory party management and you’ve failed in developing a policy which even your own party can unite around. Own your shit!
'Great theatre – but tragic': Europe's media reacts in horror to May defeat
.. installation works on solar batteries so that Toto can keep going “until the end of time”.. #Trump #QAnon #News #Brexit #TrumpTrain #BuildTheWall #2A #1A #QARMY #Q #WednesdayThoughts #GOP
Big changes and problems across the pond:
EVENT: After the meaningful vote, what next for #Brexit? Join us tomorrow morning when we discuss with , , and #IfGBrexit
"And here comes the affectedly shambling figure of Boris Johnson – not so much a statesman as an Oxfam donation bag torn open by a fox..." Marina Hyde on brilliant form. Just wish I could laugh a little more.
Today we will learn exactly how hypocritical the Tories really are. Given the scale of defeat yesterday, will those Tory MPs who had no confidence in May back in December vote the same way today? I very much doubt it personally. #NoConfidence #brexit
"Do not despair! The misery that is now upon us is but the passing of greed - the bitterness of men who fear the way of human progress. The hate of men will pass, dictators will die &amp; the power they took from the people will return to the people." #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Amid Parliament’s Brexit Rebellion, a Tectonic Shift in How Britain Is Governed nice piece from - lot of their output is useful when so much UK news has an agenda/ editorial slant. #Brexit
Typical labour.
I hope that at least a third of his obituary is about that time he fucked a dead pig's head. #Brexit
It lasted 41 years because the public where never given an earlier opportunity to vote. Maybe if our MP’s had given the public a say, and given away fewer powers, we wouldn’t be in this position. Only thing stopping Brexit going ahead is MP’s wishing to ignore a democratic vote.
Brexit is often demonised as a purely right-wing mvmt. Yet with the rise of Corbyn's Labour it offers a once in a lifetime opportunity to break from the destructive neoliberal orthodoxy that's brought the world to the brink. Great stuff from
I commend you both for trying to engage but in my own personal experience in a strongly pro-Brexit area I might as well have been talking in Serbo-Croat for all the good it has done!
is Teresa May secretly a robot? back today saying "the will of the people, Brexit is the will of the people, we must deliver the will of the people, Brexit is the will ..."
12:34: #Brexit Withdrawal Agreement Not Up for Renegotiation Despite Defeat in #UK Parliament - #EuropeanCommission
5. Brexit
What the Brexit failure reveals about our current morass
3. And then there’s this
PA Headline: The onus is on Westminster to find solutions to the Brexit impasse which the EU and Ireland can accept, Taoiseach Leo Varadkar has said.
Prime Minister, please stop repeating the same old tired statements. Your red lines need to be on the cross-party discussion table, should you win tonight. The people want you to compromise and get this over with, one way or the other. #Brexit #BrexitChaos #BrexitShambles
just seen the news LMAO can't believe she's done this again... #pain #brexit #sjw #setpalestinefree #destroydemocracy
What is the career politician’s biggest fear after the Brexit subject? Corbyn Yes, he’s also been in politics most of his life, but those who screwed Brexit REALLY fear him. They screwed you. Not him.
GBP/USD Technical Analysis: Cable hugs 1.2850 as Brexit uncertainties unfold #GBPUSD #Technical Analysis
..“a criminal multinational that brings drugs, violence and misery into our streets and our community".. #Trump #QAnon #News #Brexit #TrumpTrain #BuildTheWall #2A #1A #QARMY #Q #WednesdayThoughts #GOP
No government can get Brexit right. Putting aside it being a stupid idea, Brexiteers are inconsistent about what they want, it's not as simple as just leaving the EU, there's the domino effect on the impact of that to the UK. Brexiteers will always say the govt got it wrong
Would a Norway option break the Brexit stalemate? Here's what new polling tells us via
WATCH: Potential fallout after Theresa May's crushing defeat on Brexit Britain's Parliament voted overwhelmingly against May's plan to withdraw from the European Union, leading to confusion about what will happen next with Brexit.
Utterly disgusting implying older. Others won’t be around.... Does Ummuna mean Hestletine, Clarke, Adonis etc - thousands of young people voted Brexit, my family included!
I dont care if you are red, blue or yellow. Politicians across all parties should get their heads together as a matter of urgency and work TOGETHER to avoid a no deal Brexit. It's my tax payers money that pays you lot to get real and get a decent deal sorted.
Burgon is full of shit! Yes the Lib D are still in the dog house because of the coalition &amp; I’m a public sector worker whose living standard has suffered! But come on lets crush Brexit and if that means cooperating with other parties so be it! Burgon shows he’s not fit for govt
We Only Want a Clean Brexit as Voted For. Leaving The EU &amp; Customs Union. We did not vote for any soft deal at all. Nether does anyone want a second referendum full stop. Get Real and Get Us Out of Europe and stop the EU dictating to the UK once and for all. Full Brexit Now.
Brexit.
Theresa May seems very clear on the details of what people voted for in the #Brexit referendum. I think that her ballot paper must have been very different to mine. Let's test that with a #PeoplesVote .
Non-transport and non-Brexit tweet from me today: If you have dog PLEASE don't let them be in a position where they can do this.
Talking Brexit &amp; no confidence vote w/various peeps via
Only if Brexit happens will the EU show their true colours. They only care about the two main central powers - Germany and France. The rest can be sacrificed - check their favouritism to certain Euro member states.
The EU will get their second referendum to kill Brexit all together and then the chance for Irish unity will be gone.
Theresa May bulldozes her own vow to 'listen' to MPs by refusing to meet Corbyn
Good chance #EU will agree to give #UK a short #Brexit extension | #Foreign #News #ForeignAffairs
Transfer Zone: Fulham sign Babel as Brexit could force out of #Madrid
PM May faces confidence vote as legislators crush her Brexit deal
This encapsulates the nightmare of Brexit. So many folk who just don’t get what the EU does or did for the UK, instead using it as a kicking horse for our own issues.
Brexit has been a long, messy process that’s nowhere near finished more than 2 years after the initial vote — let's break it all down
Would we keep our free movement or not?
People's vote is such a joke idea. There's literally no format for it that doesn't either feed the hard brexit stance/may deal or further entrench the massive socio-political problems that this shits unearthed. It's got all the disadvantages of the general election plan tbh
Brexit: hug someone
"The sad truth is that continued uncertainty has prevailed, and there appears to be no clear plan B." CEO, Saker Nusseibeh, reacting to Parliament's Brexit vote last night via -
May's Brexit plan voted down, parliament to hold vote of no confidence Matthew Graham
..was then only a few hundred people has by now been joined by other groups, growing it to more than a thousand participants already.. #Trump #QAnon #News #Brexit #TrumpTrain #BuildTheWall #2A #1A #QARMY #Q #WednesdayThoughts #GOP
Podcast: What should Theresa May do now?: This week I spoke to the MP for Dover and Deal… #Brexit #Politics
Ready for brexit ...
#strongandstable #GeneralElectionNow #GTTO Steve Bell on May's desperate Brexit mission – cartoon | Opinion | The Guardian
absolute #traitor to the core. #Brexit #stupidwoman loses all grip on reality #backstop lies #ECJ lies #EU billions lies. #Remainer in chief &amp; cuckold cabinet cabal have assigned #tory party to the dustbin. Vote #ukip only party not infected with rabid #remain virus
Petition: Brexit re article 50 it must not be suspended/stopped under any circumstances
Remember when Thunderf00t was interesting?
WATCH: Potential fallout after Theresa May's crushing defeat on Brexit Britain's Parliament voted overwhelmingly against May's plan to withdraw from the European Union, leading to confusion about what will happen next with Brexit.
Interesting perspectives on Brexit from the streets of Edinburgh today. But overwhelmingly people are exasperated and some say they’re afraid. Then I met Elaine, a Guinness World Record holder for most body piercings - she told me to stop worrying so much. It’s a good message.
Vote against 's #Brexit deal moment of reckoning for longstanding EU strategy on UK's exit from the bloc
Oi you two! Just because we are on opposite sides when it comes to Brexit does not mean we have to be rude.
In moments of frustration I'm thinking..." Go on May... do it.... go on.... do it! ... take us to a no deal Brexit crash out on March 29th and lets make sure you own the shit-storm that will surely follow...lets see what the MSM and the electorate make of that.
..weather with strong rising temperatures is currently accompanied by eight-legged insects in south-eastern Brazil.. #Trump #QAnon #News #Brexit #TrumpTrain #BuildTheWall #2A #1A #QARMY #Q #WednesdayThoughts #GOP
The landslide vote against PM Theresa May’s Brexit plan has upped the chances of a “no deal” Brexit that would see the U.K. abruptly cut out of the EU and, by extension, Canada’s newly minted trade deal with Europe
#FromTheSouth News Bits | "Had she done the decent thing, she would have resigned immediately and forced her party to elect a new Prime Minister.." teleSUR political analyst Tariq Ali TariqAli_News on #TheresaMay and Tuesday's #Brexit vote. #UnitedKingdom
#FromTheSouth News Bits | "Jeremy #Corbyn wants a general election and he's absolutely right." teleSUR political analyst Tariq Ali TariqAli_News on the possibility of a second referendum on #Brexit and prospects for a general election. #UnitedKingdom Car…
Not going to pretend I think Corbyn's actual brexit stance is the shrewd political decision his supporters claim it is, because I don't, but its imoiryant to remember that day to day services go on regardless of Brexit, and political tunnel vision is grossly irresponsible.
So Tory rebels, tricky question. Labour have ruled out a no deal Brexit. So are you brave enough to vote for no confidence . The ERG and the DUP are still out there...I appreciate it's tough.
Sperem
Brexit lures numerous financial institutions to Germany - watchdog
Sylvia's on about the Brexit coverage, I think...
BBC News - Brexit vote: Donald Tusk hints UK should stay in EU
Brexit in a nutshell. People still don’t know what it means or what is involved and somehow equate it with walking through a door and running away. Never should have been put to a referendum
#HitchhikersGuideToBrexit #HGTB Feels like we in that moment when Ford and Arthur get stuck beneath a boulder [let's call that Brexit] the size of Coventry Cathedral they can't move with no hope of rescue. As I recall the advice from 'The Guide' wasn't that comforting.....
WATCH: Potential fallout after Theresa May's crushing defeat on Brexit Britain's Parliament voted overwhelmingly against May's plan to withdraw from the European Union, leading to confusion about what will happen next with Brexit.
#BREXIT MP’s keep assuming they know what we want,well they don’t, so don’t keep assuming you do you bunch of Muppets. Let the 2nd referendum commence!!!
Some Quick Notes on Post Brexit Vote Trade - Copy orders from successful traders and earn =&gt;
I'm not pro or anti brexit Sam. I'm just stating the rules of the game, and the way remainers have tried everything to sabotage brexit. I couldn't care less either way.
Do you mean it doesn’t mention Brexit??
WATCH: Potential fallout after Theresa May's crushing defeat on Brexit Britain's Parliament voted overwhelmingly against May's plan to withdraw from the European Union, leading to confusion about what will happen next with Brexit.
‘God Knows’: Brexit vote leaves Irish border in limbo
Alternative ways to break Brexit deadlock : January 16, 2019 at 01:01PM via mikejulietbravo
Fuck off, French cunt. Your country is coming apart at the capital, why don't you focus on that.
Brexit - brought to you by the establishment's 'reckless opportunists': #Brexit #BrexitVote
In which Emmanuel Macron nails Brexit:
The question of reversibility/scope for correction is exactly the reason why the Iraq War is winning (or rather, losing) this poll by a mile. Euro and Brexit can surely be undone and Trump can, at least, be not re-elected.
Brexit: EU opens door to further trade negotiations if Theresa May ditches red lines
..able to realize Pink Floyd’s long lost dream and land on the ‘dark side of the moon’ this week, but has now added another exclusive.. #Trump #QAnon #News #Brexit #TrumpTrain #BuildTheWall #2A #1A #QARMY #Q #WednesdayThoughts #GOP
Confidence vote LIVE: Corbyn’s plan backfires as MPs pressure him to change Brexit stance
So the chemist can’t get one of my tablets any more! Why? Apparently it’s because of brexit, they can’t get supply’s of them. Now mine isn’t life threatening, but what’s going to happen if this happens with more medication? Not really into politics, but it’s not looking good.
We have already lost faith in all MP's 85% of you were elected on manifesto pledges of Brexit. You rightly voted down WA, now you should be pushing for No Deal. May should go to achieve this. No deal has risen 5 points in latest YouGov poll &amp; 2nd Ref has dropped a similar amount
Let's be honest, if she stepped down there isn't anyone who could pick up the negotiations and make Brexit a success?
I am still convinced through all of this, that the hard Brexit’s most vociferous exponents want a no deal for one reason only (see below). Why else would they take the U.K. into the abyss... this is for personal gain and to protect their “Old” money!
... which “should force politicians to act constructively.” October 2018 NB UK!!!
There appears to be limited compassion &amp; empathy for other folk less fortunate than ourselves &amp; this is now the tag-line for society (&amp; the #Tory party manifesto): LIFE IS LIKE AN ORGASM. MINE IS MORE IMPORTANT THAN YOURS &amp; I DON'T CARE IF YOU HAVE ONE OR NOT #PMQs #Brexit
It's not the referendum that's the main problem. It's the questions - May's Deal? No Deal? Remain? Or maybe "managed No Deal" which is not even viable? And what if the vote will not show a clear majority for any of the options? #questions #brexit
More wise insight from Jennifer rankin
Worth pointing out now the "deal" is dead; pro-#Brexit Tory/DUP MPs hold the cards in this game, not the Europhiles. Their support (and threats to withdraw it) is the difference between governing and a general election. As of today, Jacob Rees-Mogg is effectively Prime Minister.
We Only Want a Clean Brexit as Voted For. Leaving The EU &amp; Customs Union. We did not vote for any soft deal at all. Nether does anyone want a second referendum full stop. Get Real and Get Us Out of Europe and stop the EU dictating to the UK once and for all. Full Brexit Now.
#Government is looking for a #Brexit plan that can win #parliament support
A fairly contested referendum in which a clearly defined Brexit plan was pitted against Remain would do me.
Pehaps, David Gauke will now refrain from pitching the opposite of what Number 10 are proposing and alleviate any further confusion about #Brexit in the media #SpeakingFromTheSamePage
Sweden can’t possibly be next?
Theresa May to face no-confidence motion following defeat over Brexit deal
Mine is an immovable Tory in a pro-remain constituency. He was briefly Brexit Secretary. But then... who wasn't??!
Part of me would like labour to offer “something” in Westminster re: brexit. Not a chance of it happening!
Rise in anti-EU sentiment? I read the other day that the farce that his Brexit has meant that people in EU now appreciate more the benefits that it brings than ever before...subjective I know but who else is planning a Referendum after all?
To be fair, I think we will need an extension to the European Elections in 2024 not 2019
No deal Brexit coming. No one knows what it will entail but you have to worry. Probably wrong to dismiss anything that might avert it. Don’t understand the aversion to people’s vote. People are now actually more knowledgeable now..
‘Arlene Foster, who still has all the warmth of the matriarch of a remote farm who retains the passports of her labourers.’ Heroic, hilarious piece from .
..shared a picture on Snapchat of her breakfast of Canadian-style bacon and eggs captioned 'Omg bacon' with heart emojis and the Canada flag.. #Trump #QAnon #News #Brexit #TrumpTrain #BuildTheWall #2A #1A #QARMY #Q #WednesdayThoughts #GOP
Indeed! I'd welcome some answers.
The pundits say no, and we know that the Tories want to cling on to their jobs despite their appalling record of failures, We shall see Remember 230 margin on the Brexit deal Remember she lost her majority at the last election Neither of these were expected, were they?
Alternatively he could breach the trust of Brexit voters and lets be honest they don't really matter as the majority are uneducated racists. Peoples vote now #stopbrexit
#Brobible.com The Water Coolest is a free daily business news and professional advice email newsletter created for weekday warriors that is delivered fresh daily at 6 AM...Read more:
She’s not delivering for WASPI Women!
This applies so beautifully to May’s Brexit.
Banks Warn of Impending 1930s-Type ‘Catastrophe’ As No-Deal Brexit Looms
"The election result is A reason". Which acknowledges that Corbyn, having led Labour to that result, has contributed to May's failure to get her Brexit through. Do you see how this contradicts your own claim? Specifically, that Corbyn is 'useless'.
Scotland's Brexit minister says he's intensifying preparations for a no-deal Brexit. In a statement at Holyrood, Mike Russell said the Scottish Government couldn't rule out the possibility of leaving without a deal and plans were well-advanced to cope with that eventuality.
The #German economy grew by 1.5 per cent in 2018, the weakest rate since 2013, the Federal Statistics Office said yesterday. #Germany #Brexit #TrumpShutdown
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
The EU will happily punish delusional Britain for last night's Brexit defeat .For Corban (Communist migration lover) it is Power at any cost. Despicable leftists.
The issues underlying the Brexit vote are varied and complex. Re-running the referendum will not produce a way out.
Brexit or Brisket...£9.99 per Kg SaltMarsh Lamb Cutlets (£8.50 for 6) or Breast of Lamb New Large Steak &amp; Kidney Puddings £3 each
No he doesn’t regret it. He’s a £multimillionaire toff who doesn’t give a s*** about anyone except himself: David Cameron says he regrets the 'difficulties and problems' caused by losing the Brexit referendum - but STILL insists he was right to call it
#VoteofConfidence Any ideas when the #Maybot ‘s batteries will run out? Running #Brexit check...virus detected.
..who wrote in a facebook post that the first Palestinian-American woman ever elected to Congress might “blow up Capitol Hill”.. #Trump #QAnon #News #Brexit #TrumpTrain #BuildTheWall #2A #1A #QARMY #Q #WednesdayThoughts #GOP
The results of Tuesday's vote plunged the #Brexit process into chaos only 10 weeks before the country is due to leave the EU. (From )
Brexit vote: European 'surprise' at scale of defeat
Why does Sky News call Brexit the 'Brexit Crisis' -what crisis - Leaving the EU is not a crisis it's a relief.
On the verge of wishing for the hardest possible brexit now even though it would affect me badly, as it's what these morons deserve.
Regardless of #Brexit, the UK timber sector must cultivate, maintain and improve relationships with colleagues across the rest of Europe, writes Keith Fryer, Buildbase forest products devt manager and former TTF President [via ] #timbertrade #EU
Theresa May talking about her proud record! She is so out of touch! Get gone you haggy trout. Homelessness up, in-work poverty up, child poverty never been worse, education suffering, NHS suffering. What the hell is there to be proud of. Bitch! #NoConfidence #Brexit #PMQs
If the UK Does Not Leave Europe On the 29th March 2019 Will You Vote For Your Current MP In the Next General Election. #LeaveEUOfficial #bbcnews 1 - Will Vote For Their Current MP Again 2 - Will Not Vote For Their Current MP Again 2 - Will Not Bother To Vote Again
"My right honourable gentleman, my right honourable friend". Let's be fair, none of u are friends, none of u are gentlemen and none of you Brexit cunts are honourable. #Brexit #PMQs
So James, professor Patrick "Mad " Minford is based at 55 Tufton Street, close to the foreign currency that sustains all these dodgy entities. #brexitshambles #peoplesvote #VoteLeaveBrokeTheLaw #Brexit
The latest The Management Training Daily! Thanks to #brexit #politicslive
and now we are even more determined to leave. #Frexit next
Some of London’s senior fund managers say other geopolitical issues are a bigger concern than #Brexit — reports
In moments of frustration I'm thinking..." Go on May... do it.... go on.... do it! ... take us to a no deal Brexit crash out on March 29th and lets make sure you own the shit-storm that will surely follow...lets see what the MSM and the electorate make of that.
We must still strive for orderly Brexit, Germany's Merkel says #Topbuzz
Get fucking on with it!
WATCH: Potential fallout after Theresa May's crushing defeat on Brexit Britain's Parliament voted overwhelmingly against May's plan to withdraw from the European Union, leading to confusion about what will happen next with Brexit.
Yep, Sorry, I was referring to the 1947 poster who stated there are many behind the scenes who are working for no deal. The actual negoatiators are not and have never done so, hence the sidelining of two Brexit secretaries
..Kylie Jenner came back hard however, posting a sultry snap seeing her biting her lip and then this morning .. #Trump #QAnon #News #Brexit #TrumpTrain #BuildTheWall #2A #1A #QARMY #Q #WednesdayThoughts #GOP
Watching debate. you talk of poverty. f*** me mate, you have put on some timber pal, Bit hypocritical don't you think? #Brexit
Only a General election can extend Article 50!! And here is why... #Brexit #BrexitShambles #GeneralElectionNow #Article50
We Only Want a Clean Brexit as Voted For. Leaving The EU &amp; Customs Union. We did not vote for any soft deal at all. Nether does anyone want a second referendum full stop. Get Real and Get Us Out of Europe and stop the EU dictating to the UK once and for all. Full Brexit Now.
Sensible people / organisations expressing an opinion Vs illegal foreign funding and social media manipulation that swung the result. How is brexit going?
Brexit has racist undertones and wouldn’t have been won without the lies about immigration by the Leave Campaign. Dominic Cummings made that perfectly clear. We have control even on E.U. immigration that we have refused to implement. That’s the government’s fault, not the E.U’s
“This is us the demos vs them” Quite right!
TOTALLY AGREE, FINALLY SOMEONE WHO SPEAKS MY LANGUAGE
This is not going to end well! #Brexit #BrexitDeal
Oh, sorry. I thought this was sufficiently clear. I must have been engaging in some West Brit irony by mistake.
Do any of them involve #DrWho ?
is yet again clueless, get your own house in order &amp; refrain from using #brexit for your own #government failures.
I think every party can agree on the fact that The Prime Minister has failed in almost every way imaginable and must stand down so we can get on with it eitherway. #brexitdebate #brexit #TheresaMay #uk
U.K. Parliament’s Rejection of Brexit Deal Puts European Union in a Bind – The Wall Street Journal
So the Tory Govt are doing very well.....? On their THIRD Brexit Secretary !! The former two voting AGAINST Mrs May's dire Brexit Deal #NoConfidenceInToryGovt #NoConfidenceInMrsMay #JC4PM2019
Teresa May seems to cling to the red lines which suit her. She is saying that it was very clear what people voted for when they voted to leave. I don't really agree and think that it will be very difficult to get out of this #Brexit mess without a #PeoplesVote.
A record of Democide and death 80,000 jobs lost as soon as Osborne raised VAT. Hospital waiting lists at their highest. Crime soaring and did I mention the 120,000 Dead Disabled People? #Maybot #PMQs #NoConfidence #Brexit #HostileEnvironment #NastyParty
Time until BREXIT is 72 days, 08 hours, 59 minutes and 59 seconds #BREXIT #BREXITCLOCK #CLOCK #EU #EUREF #LEAVE #ScotRef #Indyref #Indyref2 #FBPE From our friends - Looking for a new Heat Press? - Stahls Clam Basic #HeatPress #HTV
Firstly this is the default position (as it stands ) , so she doesn't need to go back to Brussels (they won't negotiate anyway) . Secondly ,parliament can change the law #Brexit #BrexitChaos
"No man is an island," JD. And no small island is a Continent!
I don't know why he doesn't bring up the leave spending issues either. Although any time the SNP have, May's swatted it away. Although if you look at the topics of PMQs from Corbyn, it's been dominated by brexit. I don't believe there's any possible way to leave anyway.
Useful summary....
Class article as ever by about the joy found even (or especially) on a cold night in a "shitty little game against Captain Brexit" #NUFC
The UK is not - and cannot be - ready for no deal #brexit #nodeal #brexitvote #cbi
not the brightest MP around are you? UK voted to leave EU - UK had a second referendum in 2016.... accept those facts. YOU had one job, to deliver a real brexit deal. YOU failed... utter disgace - you will try to get UK to remain in EU - TRAITOR - BETRAYER -
..forced her to have sex with his private bodyguards ‘to pay them’ and that he had been abusive.. #Trump #QAnon #News #Brexit #TrumpTrain #BuildTheWall #2A #1A #QARMY #Q #WednesdayThoughts #GOP
I don't think I've ever been that silent on Brexit but I think I'm firmly at the point of just being honest completely with this mess. Defaulting to Remain's self appointed leaders saw us waste 2 and a half years on Corbyn, for fuck's sake. What's left to lose now?
As a longtime season ticket holder for the Republican Party's Failure Theater, I've got to say this new British production is AMAZING
The only way May can resolve this is: - Survive no conf vote - Work out whethervhard or soft Brexit can give her majority - Cabinet reshuffle - sack all ministers opposed to her chosen route, replace with supporters - Extend Art 50 then negotiate round the new red lines
There are 1725 hours until we leave the World's largest trading bloc. It might sound crazy, but own Government has recommended that #UK Companies establish a presence there. Germany, anyone? #GmbH #Brexit #SingleMarket
There are 1725 hours until #Brexit - For a realtime countdown clock, visit
Fucking letterboxes now? #Brexit
The day after the Brexit vote fiasco, and on the day we find out if the government might be toppled, is smashing it on the twitter-sphere. #OOWLON #BigNews!
Everything is now spouting on about are all lies! Tories aping Lets just say lies loudly and the shit will stick to the wall #brexit
CBI chief welcomes new era approach to Brexit.
Theresa May Is Not Politically Dead Yet. Here's why.
The Brexit Dilemma: Markets or Politics? Analysis by . #Brexit #BrexitDeal #Economics
EU to London: change your Brexit red lines [ ]
What would a no-deal #Brexit mean for the environment?
Sarah O'Connor of looks at how the gov's plans for low-skilled workers post #Brexit makes very little sense. "The government has made a superficial fix that, in an attempt to appease everyone, will not work for anyone."
Brexit: Theresa May Lost the Vote So What Will Happen Next – No-Deal Brexit to Come? #BrexitVote #brexitdebate #PMQs Find out more
No-Deal Brexit is the Most Likely Outcome: 2nd Referendum the Least Likely #Brexit
There is a chasm between the opinions of party members and the wider public on Brexit
House prices stagnate amid Brexit uncertainty
Your lunchtime #Brexit update. | #BrexitVote
"If a deal is impossible, and no one wants no deal, then who will finally have the courage to say what the only positive solution is?" #DonaldTusk tweeted #BrexitDeal #Brexit
Logistics news . . . on Brexit decision: ‘Free trade basis for prosperity’, read more here #KuehneNagel #Logsitics #FreeTrade #Basis #Prosperity #Brexit #InsideIndustry
U.K. government faces no-confidence vote after Brexit defeat:
Ahead of yesterday's vote, angry Brexiteers have called for the gallery to lose its charitable status for exhibiting Jonas Lund’s project about “online manipulation tactics” that can influence voting.
Forget #Brexit. Have you heard of Toad in the Hole? Sausages in Yorkshire pudding. Check out the recipe in CultureGrams! #recipes #Food #UnitedKingdom
It’s starting to seem like the people pushing Brexit didn’t have a plan
Oof! "It is partly understandable and partly heartbreaking, a gilded manager who came to St James’ Park as a Champions League winner now fretting about the fitness of journeymen before a shitty little game against Captain Brexit."
Brexit cybervote: Why the cyberlandslide defeat of Theresa May's cyberdeal matters to the U.S.
So they are getting a divorce and still sleeping in the same bed.
Corbyn has been steadily losing support since the 2017 general election. I've been a supporter of Corbynism since before he became leader, but Corbyn's actions on brexit have frustrated me. Why hasn't he done more to draw attention to criminality of the leave campaigns?
, I don't agree here. You should not undermine a government attempting to provide a Brexit deal that generally is the democratic decision to be implemented. A waste of money, time and cause of bad blood, Corbyn is unlikely to get elected anyway.
LISTEN: Gina Miller Urges Labour Frontbench To Back Second Brexit Referendum /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote
take time out of Brexit with this!
Would be great to see a couple of detectors!
Don't let the politicians con us out of an unruly brexit and leave us with a guilty brexit!
We must still strive for orderly Brexit, Germany&amp;#x27;s Merkel says
Brexit is 1737 hours away. #brexit
Margaret Thatcher and Theresa May, the iron-ladies of Britain.
Should TM survive today's Confidence Vote, those who vote for her are stating that THEY and THEY ALONE will own sorting out the #Brexit mess.
The vote was also tampered with. The referendum was FIXED. I don't know why British analysts don't lead with this. Brexit was a fraud from the beginning.
UK PM May spokesman: Prepared to talk to anyone to deliver Brexit via FXStreet #forex #fx
Hard Brexit to hit Danish bacon, butter exports to Britain: OECD
..“I’m furious. This is unacceptable. I won’t let it go. The pictures speak for themselves”.. #Trump #QAnon #News #Brexit #TrumpTrain #BuildTheWall #2A #1A #QARMY #Q #WednesdayThoughts #GOP
BluJay: Brexit Expert Corner - #BluJay
LIE! REFUSE TO ANSWER! SLAG OPPOSITION PARTIES! Theresa May's #PMQs strategy. She is the worst PM this union of nations has ever had. #Brexit
Conservative Brexit meets labour requirements
EU Council President Donald Tusk hinted that canceling #Brexit is "the only positive solution do you agree or disagree
The British government has brought out a new bord game for all the family and is called brexit deal or no deal lol
Loving that brexit show on the tv today, hoping for a second season
Shutdown, Brexit wobble the West
I thought her interest was parliamentary sovereignty and not detailing brexit?
MPs are lining up to say why they won’t be voting for Theresa May’s Brexit deal
Idiot woman - she believes she is above Parliament and above will of British people as expressed in the #Brexit Referendum. She is NOT an elected representative BUT is one of the most undemocratic people in this country #BrexitBetrayal
71 Labour MPs have called on Jeremy Corbyn to back a second EU referendum.
Brexit result reduced value of UK companies by 16%.
"...the affectedly shambling figure of Boris Johnson – not so much a statesman as an Oxfam donation bag torn open by a fox"
. now retrofitting their "vision" of #Brexit to what was voted for in #EURef, saying they voted to leave Customs Union (nobody mentioned it) + end #FreeMovement (certainly not; it was abt a sensible immigration policy) Nobody voted for loss of rights! #NoConfidence
May's govt faces no-confidence vote after huge Brexit defeat
May’s Brexit Deal Failed. What Happens Now? via
We Only Want a Clean Brexit as Voted For. Leaving The EU &amp; Customs Union. We did not vote for any soft deal at all. Nether does anyone want a second referendum full stop. Get Real and Get Us Out of Europe and stop the EU dictating to the UK once and for all. Full Brexit Now.
Yeah it’s interesting, especially since both US/UK cons are playing populist politics (Brexit and Wall). It’s not going well or popular.
To The Left It came a little surprise that the member of the House of Common voted against the Brexit compromise worked out by Prime Minister Theresa May. However what was expected to be a close vote turned out to be a 2-1 against...
Ah, my favourite song by The Smiths.
Brexit and no-confidence vote: Corbyn targets 'zombie government'
The problem is people are so fed up and tired they don't even bother reading to the end of the latest "brainwave to sort out brexit" just get on with it and jet us know when it's done so we can get on with our lives
- Food/medicine stockpiling - potential of armed militray on the streets - suspension of democracy using powers in the civil contingency act of 2004 (which was written for a nuclear/terrorist attack but no deal Brexit requires it) - unawareness how inept the Tories were
What does Brexit mean for UK businesses’ energy supply? #GICCapital SME Growth Capital &amp; Property Joint Venture Equity - #Londonislovinit #SmallBizSatUK #UKSmallBiz
May has become enraged, entrenched and seems programmed to repeat the same robotic platitudes over and over. She needs to be removed. She has no room for renegotiation, nor any goodwill in the house. The house needs to go back to the people. #GeneralElectionNow #Brexit
'BINO' ' Brexit in Name Only' was SOOO last Year ! Now, we're on to: 'CINO' 'Consultation in Name Only'
okay so i'm like HER best friend but she's not MY best friend
sorry brexit
Easiest way to resolve this
the landslide defeat of Theresa May's Brexit deal matters to the U.S.The overwhelming defeat of Prime Minister Th...
This is about time that someone put the end to this Tories Brexit project and abandon the whole thing. It has already damaged British economy and politics enough. #Brexit #endBrexit #StopBrexit
Total Bullshit &amp; don't tell me what I voted for or why You know nothing about me I will be embracing &amp; celebrating Brexit with deal or no deal &amp; its none of your a damn business so take a walk (preferably across the channel) - Adios
European Commission says Brexit withdrawal agreement is not open for renegotiation via ForexLive #forex #fx
Yeah. The reluctance to share sovereignty at the EU level has been there for years and years. Sure, looking back at 2016, the EU might have been able to avoid Brexit. But it wouldn’t have changed the attitude that culminated into this disaster
And Putin could not be any happier. Amid Parliament’s Brexit Rebellion, a Tectonic Shift in How Britain Is Governed
#PMQs #Brexit Why does the Prime Minister not acknowledge that many people were misled in the 2016 referendum with lies, electoral law breaking and interence by foreign powers who did not have UK’s interest at heart? The people deserve a #FinalSay #PeoplesVote
Yes, Brexit has officially reached cluster**** speed.
Time and again these things just sneak through whilst #Brexit continues to tear our country apart
Corbyn "claimed" the surge in support fir Labour during the 2017 election was to support his brexit. The facts are is was the complete opposite. Theresa may is repeating this in toddays debate, Corbyn (or PLP) not denying it. CORBYN MUST TELL PARLIAMENT WHERE HE STANDS ON BREXIT
Is there some hidden honour system, tradition or Eton school club handshake that prevents people from asking the real questions? #FBPE #WATON #PeoplesVote #Brexit #StopBrexitSaveDemocracy #StopBrexitSaveBritain #StopBrexit #PMQs
Please don’t. This is just embarrassing. He is out on respite.
I don't think it was austerity that triggered Brexit, but rather English people objecting to immigration.
Great summary
THE FIRST REFERENDUM CONCERNING BREXIT HAS EXPRESSED ONLY THE WRONG MANIPULATION OF CERTAIN IGNORANT &amp; IMMORAL LEADERS, WHICH PUSHED THE PEOPLE IN ERROR
EU's Donald Tusk suggests UK should cancel Brexit
A polite request from Europe: wake us up when you know what you want from Brexit | Joris Luyendijk
'Leadsom told BBC Radio 4’s Today programme that Corbyn had not been invited because he was primarily interested in forcing a general election instead of striking a Brexit deal'. She might have a point.
Is your business #Brexit ready? Take a look at our handy checklist here: #ReadyBrex
I begin to wonder if May actually wants Brexit. Her failure to talk to Corbyn (who might help her deliver a form of Brexit with a customs union) makes me think not. Perhaps she wants to be "forced" to withdraw Article 50 to avoid the hard Brexit thing.
The latest The Personal Finance Daily! Thanks to #brexit #technology
Says party that signed up to the GFA which states “It is hereby declared that NI in its entirety remains part of the UK and shall not cease to be so without the consent of a majority of the people in NI”
Sure. They also could not impose poverty on people, then alienate migrants and blame the EU. But they did, and they do. So they're not. Brexit is a project of the (far) right, by the (far) right, for the (far) right. Anyone thinking it would benefit working people is deluded.
Jeremy Corbyn is reluctant to try and halt Brexit, but he may have the most to gain
Not going to lie, this Brexit thing is killing me! #Brexit #nodeal #shitstormbritain
To be successful Remain has to reach across and find ways to accommodate/respond to legitimate and perceived issues that Leave raised. Some arch-Brexit boys cannot be convinced but Remain's route to A50 revocation must be politically viable, constitutionally sound and democratic.
BREXIT-HM QUEEN, USELESS NEGLIGENT AND WORTHLESS; PERSISTENTLY FAILING TO HONOUR 'ORIGINAL CONTRACT' AND PROTECT THE PEOPLE; WHO HAVE NO OTHER PROTECTION OF LAW. QUEEN THEREBY, ABDICATES THE THRONE.
Muted open seen for FTSE 100 after May's Brexit deal crush
So did May. So why did she drop her pants so readily in Brussels? Her "deal" was an insult to the people of the UK.
we do not actually want Brexit
Euronews looks at the things you need to know about the #Brexit draft agreement if you are an EU citizen living or planning to live in the UK.
Unless you want an answer that’s something like "economic and cultural ruin” then #Remain is the only answer. Has been so since 2016. It’s just a matter of time now until they realise this. They believed there was something there that didn’t exist - there is NO painless Brexit.
Thank you. Now.... put a stop to this insanity. Remove him. The chances are that the SWAMP actually refers to the literal federal government. All of it.. giving power to the stares and weakening our country. Just like USSR and Brexit. Wake up. #Remove45
If Theresa May wins no confidence vote, she says she will find a way out of the Brexit impasse
#Brexit = All Brits are under a huge fan=the EU membership,blowing vertically up. #Brexteers produces nonsense which like smelling fecal matter floats over due to the generated pressure. #Brexit will be turning off the fan, so everything will fall,all Brits will be dirty&amp;smelly.
they should do their utmost to avoid brexit at all, EU is not ideal but it is best what’s available for now.
British Prime Minister Theresa May may be in trouble following Parliament rejection of Brexit deal.
We should only consider a CU if we can make our own independent trade deals with other countries, otherwise it is NOT Brexit.
#Romania calls for calm after #Brexit vote
PA Headline: Bank of England governor Mark Carney has said the pound’s rebound after the Commons vote signals market hope that Brexit can be delayed, but warned over further volatility.
and there you are....
What do I need to travel to London over the Brexit?
This movement is a Cheats movement. You are all liars and cheats trying to overturn a democratic vote. May your balls turn square and fester at the edges.
Brexit vote: European 'surprise' at scale of defeat
Britain got a do over on #Brexit. America needs a do over on #Trump
Watch out, Parliament is trying to steal #Brexit #bbcbreakfast #CleanBrexit #r4today #Pmqs #MeaningfulVote #ConfidenceVote #bbcnews #skynews #PoliticsLive #LBC #bbcpm #bbcqt
That's absurd! It's irrelevant even had he said nothing at all, which s untrue, because e MUST be invited if it is to be truly called 'cross party talks'!
Let’s forget about #brexit for a few moments and just be greatful that this lonely Bolivian Sehuencas water frog now has some buddy’s. Gooooo Romeo!!
10 bigoted DUP votes bought &amp; paid for by our taxes from the Tories back pockets are the only thing keeping the in power!!! Makes such an arse of our Democracy! Dictatorship more like. #BrexitVote #NoConfidence #Brexit #brexitdebate #ToriesOut
In 2019 I hope we stop brexit and attention seeking twats like this pair
Theresa May Is Not Politically Dead Yet. Here's why.
On the red lines - they are there to make brexit worth it. Otherwise we just end up in the CU/SM with no say on the rules. It also means losing NI/Scotland, but obviously no one mentioned that in 2016! #noconfidence #PeoplesVote
Hey Cryin' Candace, Blexit going about as well as Brexit is. A total mess!
Rumor has it that long-term plans are for losers. #BREXIT ‚What’s happening next’ for dummies, extensive guide. #TheVeryDefinitionOfAPlan #GoalsGoalsGoals #PlentyOfSpaceForImprovmentInFEB #NoHangingAround #Overperformed #overbooked #underwhelmed
Surely no deal is like the end of a B movie when the hero scoops up the girl and they head off on a white horse. FIN. Brexit audience. But next day he has to feed the horse, feed her, feed him, find somewhere to stay.....
Angela, you know full well that if we allow the Tories to inflict Brexit on our country, we can forget dealing with poverty or stopping cuts. It will be Brexit, Brexit, Brexit for the next decade. That’s why this matters more than anything else right now.
How can seriously not have a defined policy for Brexit? We're 10 weeks away, they destroyed the Tories yesterday because of the policy they actually had, yet Labour don't have their own. Rank hypocrisy.
Brexit – Who Cares? via ActionForex #forex #fx
Did not think I could laugh about the misery of yesterday's Brexit vote, but on Boris Johnson nearly made me spit out my bagel. "Not so much a statesman as an Oxfam donation bag torn open by a fox"
Good (but depressing) thread. "We have with two party leaders who command nobody’s confidence but can’t be removed, fighting over a deal that nobody wants but has to be made, against a deadline that nobody can meet but everyone is insisting upon"
Why call it May's Brexit? Why is the House of Commons making a rejection without tabling options? Feeling pained for May.
Global downturn make brexit a small fish in a big pond #NoDealBrexit
For whatever legitimate criticisms have been made of the UK Government and Conservative MPs, it’s also worth highlighting ’s decision to reject bilateral talks for a resolution to the UK-RoI border in favour of the Commission handling the matter.
Latest News: Brexit and no-confidence vote: Corbyn targets 'zombie government' Labour's leader opens the no-confidence debate, after Theresa May's Brexit deal defeat. 2019-01-16 13:41:55Z
Latest News: WTO rules: What happens if there's a no-deal Brexit? Could the UK maintain an open border with Ireland if there is no deal, asks BBC News NI's John Campbell. 2019-01-16 13:53:09Z
Macron on Brexit: Good luck to the representatives of the nation who have to implement something that does not exist and was never possible, chosen by a population that were actively lied to.
You sound surprised. May's Priority is to ridicule patronise and denigrate the Labour Leadership as being shown in the no confidence vote and to bolster her continuing power in office. She is not able to move from her red line or hard Brexit in fear of the Moggies
This being the PM who called a General Election in the middle of the Brexit negotiations and lost 30 MP's and her Majority?
Like a rabbit in headlights that face
Even the EU are treating Yvette cooper as leader of the opposition...
After suffers 'worst Parliamentary defeat in modern history', #Brexit views and opinions of those at the helm of regional businesses is now more important than ever. Tell us what you think by filling in our short survey: #HCRBrexit
Theresa May claims to want a brexit deal but didn't congo line in front of Corbyn, very suspicious
Rebel Rebel, you’ve torn your dress ... Anna Soubry, at some point if you want to stop Brexit you are going to have to bring the government down. Don’t recommend anyone holding their breath.
#Brexit This from right-wing ABC News “the most sensible thing to do would be hold another referendum, as voters get to grips with the true arguments rather than just the nationalist-populist propaganda of the pro-Brexit lobby”. #PeoplesVote
Sick of snowflake politicians telling me I didn’t realise what I voted for 2 1/2 years ago, nothing has changed, in fact I am more certain of Brexit then before. Democracy can’t be overruled or else we are all doomed
So Bad It’s Good: Markets See Silver Lining in Brexit Rejection
Is this linked to Brexit?
After the Brexit fiasco, no nationalist will dare try to leave the EU again:
UP thetool #Conservative #GilletteAd #Brexit
you just lied, yet again, to Parliament. You claim that the #EURef was not advisory, but you are factually/completely WRONG (see evidence in following tweet) #ToryLies #ToryBrexitShambles #ToryBritain #BrexitVote #BrexitShambles #Brexit #BrexitChaos #BrexitBetrayal
LYING COW!!!! #Maybot #PMQs #NoConfidence #Brexit #HostileEnvironment #NastyParty
That surely has to happen, but what exactly do you call a eurosceptic, how many would do this, just the hardliners or everyone who is pro Brexit?
Her calculation must be that no deal means she keeps hold of her UKIP support, retains the PM job and regains party support. After initial turbulence, things will settle down and brexit will be forgotten.
Sure ! Go and get drunk you absolute dung heap pissheads and self serving bunch of sycophantic Greedy ignorant barstools. So many of us are at the end of our rope with austerity and cuts and you want a stocked bar #GeneralElectionNow
It takes a while, but eventually gets into 's flow #Brexit #BrexitVote #pmqs #BrexitDeal #brexitdebate #wednesdaythoughts
Theresa May Is Not Politically Dead Yet. Here's why.
Well done matey: Lenin would have been proud of you for having helped to create the biggest political mess that the uk has ever faced. Job only half done. Next step full Brexit which will bring unemployment and the most left wing labour government the UK has ever seen!
Capitalism is in crisis. This is it's way to try to solve it
The upshot of this. We - the UK taxpayer - have paid the wages of these MP’s to fix this brexit mess. What have these brilliant academics achieved in 2 years? Nowt.
LISTEN: James O'Brien - "No Deal Or No Brexit, That's Where We Are Now" /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote
BCC responds to result of meaningful vote #Brexit #GlobalTrade #ChamberInt
Nobody has ignored the result. The leavers ignored reality, and now the UK has had two years of paralysis dedicated to making the fantasies deliverable. Guess what - the result is... suboptimal. Now we know what Brexit is, it should be up to the people to decide if they want it.
Just to add to the general confusion of Brexit, even the EU negotiators at Laboratoire Barnier are starting to morph into British people ...
It's so simple. Immediate no deal brexit now. Tell EU if they aren't going to be fair we aren't interested. Within a few months the EU would have begged us for a trade deal on our terms. Trump may b many things but he is a bloody good negotiator. We need a pm with balls not tits.
Gerard BATTEN MEP on Brexit from Strasbourg - YouTube
. This is why we voted for brexit
Please can we hear more about brexit.. Said no one ever!!!
UK's May might have to find Brexit alternative: Commons leader (Yahoo) #ICC #CgAn
Brexit, El Chapo, Nairobi: Your Wednesday Briefing
EU urges UK to ‘clarify intentions’ on Brexit deal (Waarmedia) #ICC #CgAn
Brexit says the U.K. has a big world out there just waiting to give us good trade deals. Just who, exactly? And if you say Trump/USA I’ll know you’re fooling and I’ll ring off right there.
I don't think there is even 1% chance of "no deal" Brexit. I think that the political establishment will stop at nothing to prevent it. Why? Because the so-called "no deal" Brexit is the only real Brexit out there. And stopping any real Brexit is the establishments No 1 aim.
If BRexit had been BRanded BRemain would we be in this pickle? The power of spin!!!
#UK #Brexit #Politics #Government --&gt; suffers historic defeat in vote as Tories turn against her
“Don’t call people from the Valleys turkeys” Brexit tensions run high
Germany urges UK to clarify its Brexit position (Waarmedia) #ICC #CgAn
With a few exceptions ( )Our MP’s don’t seem to recognise or be bothered about ‘National interest’. It’s party above country and self interest over both.
Amid the Brexit chaos here in the UK my colleague presents a clear view of what might happen next (spoiler alert: we now see a 30% chance of a second referendum, but just 5% chance of no deal)
Without Brexit being settled, or after? With the offer of a Brexiteer running the show at last, or Theresa still gurning away on the front? Without that knowledge, impossible to say.
Literally me when I read the news about the UK/Brexit lately: #MayTheOddsBeEverInYourFavour
Say what?! Domain expired? Inspires great confidence in their keeping vital services going in a no deal Brexit scenario.
This is of course upsetting for Remainers here, but I really think they need to vote in favour of a #PeoplesVote first and then ask for an extension rather than doing it the other way around. And w/o Corbyn's support, that's unlikely to happen. So a No-Deal Brexit is likely. 6/6
They think they can block brexit now.
European 'surprise' at scale of Brexit defeat
#ExplainerJournalism at its best. A primer for #Brexit from our London bureau.
Notice how Danny Tommo and James Goddard both organisers of brexit protests have been arrested at the same time the votes on the the brexit deal is talking place. Explains why the remainer protest was bigger last night. Government and police don’t want pro brexit protests.
James O'Brien: "No Deal Or No Brexit, That's Where We Are Now" - LBC
#lbc #Brexit is once in a generation. The people were lied to and have changed their minds. We'll be having a 2nd ref
As did all of us watching. She's astonishingly unable to think on her feet.
Lots of talk of “betrayal” &amp; threats of disorder from some in Leave camp if Brexit shelved. Maybe so, but we’d still have a functioning economy. Leavers will bear brunt of the economic fallout &amp; their anger will continue undimmed. For how long will their victory sustain them?
How the hell can Theresa May exclude firm these cross Brexit talks. There was a vote of no confidence yesterday. She's not in a position to call the shots. She showing her true colours and you can see how nasty she is..
The great Brexit betrayal continues
On TRT (Turkish world news) now on Brexit. To think Leave lie about 85 mn Turks coming here as EU citizens helped win Brexit. Can’t repeat that lie again
Theresa May’s Brexit defeat makes history as biggest ever government loss in Commons
Only a General election can extend Article 50!! And here is why... #Brexit #BrexitShambles #GeneralElectionNow #Article50
nailed...
The next 6 weeks are fully booked with back to back installation. So that just about takes us up to #Brexit . Maybe we should stock pile our systems like bread &amp; milk #Joke #DontWorry #GoingNowhere
We Only Want a Clean Brexit as Voted For. Leaving The EU &amp; Customs Union. We did not vote for any soft deal at all. Nether does anyone want a second referendum full stop. Get Real and Get Us Out of Europe and stop the EU dictating to the UK once and for all. Full Brexit Now.
WATCH: Potential fallout after Theresa May's crushing defeat on Brexit
In the real world, where had passion, a sense of fairness &amp; compassion for the people it represented, this wld be taken as read &amp; Brexit wld be dead. Instead, we have a serf-serving tosser who'd destroy the world for zeal, wet dreams &amp; personal power. Fvck u, †JC.
Well done matey: Lenin would have been proud of you for having helped to create the biggest political mess that the uk has ever faced. Job only half done. Next step full Brexit which will bring unemployment and the most left wing labour government the UK has ever seen!
Who were the 29 who chickened out?
Theresa May is expected to win her no confidence vote tonight despite the fact that last month 117 members of her own party voted against her in no confidence vote. The only thing May has done since that vote is suffered a record 230 vote defeat in parliament on her Brexit Bill.
It's Ann-Margret again! Up yours Brexit.
A united Ireland is inevitable particularly after this Brexit mess. I give it 12 years.
More fat balls out for the birds. Feeding up the blue tits &amp; long-tailed tits for the larder as the chaos continues. #Brexit #NoConfidenceVote #NoConfidenceMotion #jeremykyle
DEVELOPING: British PM May faces no-confidence vote today after her Brexit plan is crushed in Parliament.
Absolutely embarrassment
I’d favour Calais but I take your point. Nobody who wants to leave the EU would ever use the phrase soft and hard Brexit which are the marks of Cain as far as I’m concerned.
UK government faces no-confidence vote after Brexit defeat
I think this lad is a complete bell end...But...this is now stuck in my head
Labour have lost the plot here. No chance of GE. Missed opportunity re Brexit last night . We will exit EU and as a consequence, for first time ever, I will support SNP at next election.
WATCH: Potential fallout after Theresa May's crushing defeat on Brexit Britain's Parliament voted overwhelmingly against May's plan to withdraw from the European Union, leading to confusion about what will happen next with Brexit.
Oliver Robbins was the lead UK negotiator on Brexit and still advises the PM. As a Remainer, he drove the agenda in that direction and gave into too many EU requirements, against the wishes of two former Brexit's Secretary's #LetsGoWTO #NoDealBrexitBrexit #NoDealNoProblem
Imploded Macron with 80% of the French against him is the last one competent to „nail Brexit“
one BBC article, two mentions of Borger on #Brexit: On frontpage of , quoted in comment for via
Shedloads. Take your pick. Doesn't count economic damage.
If he where a backstabber he would vote to send her on er way, he's been advocating for the Brexit, hes been straight as an arrow. Send me proof of him backstabbing. of course you would say "all brexiteers". What a surprise.
Her failure to deliver o Brexit is due to the extremists within her party. Boris Johnson's attempt to incite terrorism with his hateful rhetoric last summer in his egotistical quest for power.
Businesses which are looking for a compromise fail to understand that there is no good Brexit. The closer a compromise gets to Remain, the better for our economy and security. But also the more pointless, and with the strong disadvantage that we are rule takers not makers.
Theresa May faces no-confidence vote after her Brexit deal fails
Yes, it would have made a difference. Anyway, there's a Brexit-serving government in place who can't deliver a Brexit that has a consensus, so we will have to remain.
all am seeing on the front of papers today is brexit kane brexit kane brexit kane brexit kane brexit kane brexit kane what a mess we are x
May was dealt a tough hand. But other politicians would have done better with it. My latest for on why May was uniquely unsuited to delivering Brexit
can you please address this urgently in your show tomorrow. In the boundless Brexit discussion this critical issue of "knife cream" has been overlooked. I thank the Hon member for Cardiff South &amp; Penarth for bringing it to national prominence today
Britain may face another general election, delayed Brexit.
Brexit vote: Why the landslide defeat of Theresa May's deal matters to the U.S. - CBS News
the population in Scotland is over 5 million. The brexit vote was a poor turn out for Scotland. STOP saying Scotland is getting pulled out of the EU.
(After failing to deliver Brexit MPs get the chance to help deliver the post) -
I’m not sure how James can say with a straight face that asking the country for #InformedConsent in a #PeoplesVote #DealorStay so Parliament has a mandate for the best way forward doesn’t resolve the issues we currently face!
Bollocks to Brexit, I just found out Barry Scott is really called Neil. Dreams. Shattered.
Accountability for Brexit via
It's difficult to get behind a General Election when we don't really know what Labour's position on Brexit would be.
Shutdown Update, Day 26: Today's headlines: (1) Brexit in trouble, (2) Gillette hates white men, (3) I don't care about 1 &amp; 2. Off to Starbucks!
With everything going on with Brexit , please make sure you read this article and know what you need to go abroad with your pets.
"Brexiteers are constantly distancing themselves from the realities of actually existing Brexit" - good piece from that taps into the Lexit tendency to mistake the end (hard Brexit) as the means to an end (socialism)
Dickhead
World stocks hold nerve after May’s Brexit defeat, pound steady
British humour
Labour Party leader presented a motion of no confidence in the UK government after MPs rejected Prime Minister 's #Brexit deal.
WATCH: Potential fallout after Theresa May's crushing defeat on Brexit Britain's Parliament voted overwhelmingly against May's plan to withdraw from the European Union, leading to confusion about what will happen next with Brexit.
Theresa May may be forced to follow the will of the ppl about Brexit...but she will always be DS. England needs a change in leaders. The world has WOKE...change is coming...hang in there Patriots!
#news U.K. Parliament’s Rejection of Brexit Deal Puts European Union in a Bind - The Wall…
Voted Remain last time. I think Parliament needs to deliver Brexit before we should contemplate voting again. That's surely democracy. It seems only ultra Remainers who claim the last vote was illegal or that things have changed. Not hearing those claims from Leavers.
What's the best read on #Brexit next steps, that people have read today?
BBC News - Brexit vote: What just happened and what comes next?
Hi #Ludlowhour. Wondering how #Brexit will affect your business? We can give you the latest #HR advice on what this week's drama will mean for your #workplace. Just get in touch and we'll answer any questions you may have. If only our politicians could say the same thing...
Here he goes again Cloud Cuckoo Land Cable the people's vote was June 2016 or did you forget
Find out what 2019 has in store for the property industry: #housing #ukhousing #HousingMatters #goinggreen #propertynews #propertyrecruitment #Brexit #BeAPartOfTheSolution
Can’t Leave voters see that the very fact some of them want no deal and some want a deal invalidates the idea the #referendum result could be final #brexit #NoConfidence #PeoplesVote
Another good day for Trump’s boss as turmoil grips US and UK
Another good day for Trump’s boss as turmoil grips US and UK
Brexit
Fact-check =
Indications are that there is a majority of the UK electorate for a no deal brexit! The arrogant majority of MP in the present Parliament need to realise that if they betray the UK electorate, they will be voted out wholesale come the next GE!
one of the biggest issues facing the nation. #Brexit
This is real...When will these Brexiteers listen to industry professionals?! It’s not a case of “we’ll see” or “it won’t happen.” Wake up and smell the soon to be over priced coffee!
Germany’s Merkel: Disorderly Brexit could still happen via FXStreet #forex #fx
Some Quick Notes on Post Brexit Vote Trade - Copy orders from successful traders and earn =&gt;
No, Tulip Siddiq being forced to delay giving birth for the Brexit vote is not OK, says #BrexitVote #Brexit #MeaningfulVote
This prime minister,lost by a massive vote on Brexit,but is carrying on as though nothing has happened,shes not going away,she keeps churning out , the same old shit, and getting away with it..
On the up side of #brexit comedians will emerge who would otherwise never have done that job were it not for brexit Brexit as inspiration and career.
House of Commons Live on The HofC failed to address the dark influence of the Brexit vote, so now they ignore it.
They voted against it because now they know what Brexit means they know that it isn’t in the best interests of their constituents. That is what their job is....
Don't worry it was actually aimed at the Dino guy I was just following the thread down. Thanks though. And unfortunately I also agree with you, I want a socialist government, but everything's gotten messed up with brexit and thats been put on the side now
Equally the whole “we survived the blitz” mentality is so dumb, we didn’t vote for the Blitz
Leaving the EU in March is written into law. Leaving with a deal is optional. The 2016 vote was to leave, not leave with a deal but leave. #brexit
Tories under May would be annihilated. #brexit
They are all doing exactly that, same ones calling for peoples vote, same calling for hard brexit and so on, none of them are showing any signs of consensus.
When your numbers come in but you’ve lost your ticket #brexit
No. Having two Brexit parties to choose from won’t solve this. No-one outside of the bubble of Corbyn and his faithful want a GE right now.
Someone please stand up and ask May why she voted for #brexit
The DUP says it will support the government in this evening's confidence vote as a general election is not the answer at this time. The party voted against the Prime Minister's Brexit deal last night. Here's what Nigel Dodds told ..
Lawmakers preparing bid to delay Brexit, ministers tell business leaders #europenews
We have joined forces with to once more make a clear call for veterinary surgeons to be restored to the Shortage Occupation List as part of the UK’s preparations for leaving the EU #Brexit
Britain’s latest clean air strategy sets significantly tighter air pollution limits than the EU’s... but will it have the regulatory teeth to enforce them after Brexit?
Brexit has created a 'lost generation' of public services
Sources say 55-100bn per week and the economy is some 2.1% smaller than it would have otherwise been. Some calculations estimate constantly rising cost to the Treasury of some £440m per week.
We Only Want a Clean Brexit as Voted For. Leaving The EU &amp; Customs Union. We did not vote for any soft deal at all. Nether does anyone want a second referendum full stop. Get Real and Get Us Out of Europe and stop the EU dictating to the UK once and for all. Full Brexit Now.
You tell MPs to back #NoConfidence and call for General Election #PMQs
I challenge the various British news outlets to find, and interview, a member of the public who's argument for a no deal Brexit is something other than "Brexit means Brexit"
If low-level letter boxes are more important than future of this country then I despair. #britain #brexit
UK house prices 2019: What experts say will happen after Brexit #housing #experts #2019 #prices #Brexit
Negotiating Brexit: Exploring migrant identities in a changing Europe
To #Brexit or Not #BrexitVote
Interesting how European papers are reporting on Brexit
Can confirm, it was a hard brexit with a side of a vote of no confidence.
Just the time to remember this. #Brexit #MotionOfNoConfidence
WATCH: Potential fallout after Theresa May's crushing defeat on Brexit Britain's Parliament voted overwhelmingly against May's plan to withdraw from the European Union, leading to confusion about what will happen next with Brexit.
This debate on the no confidence vote isn't a debate at all. I think someone needs to educate MPs on the meaning of the word... #BrexitVote #Brexit #BrexitShambles
Britain has decided that a no-deal Brexit is out of the question. So why are you recycling your previous position? Just to take advantage of your Fox audience's ignorance, which you cultivate?
Thanks Westmonster for picking up this Macron deep thought on #Brexit . It captures exactly his hatred of British, contempt for democracy, arrogance. Not one polite or diplomatic word. Not even an original insight. MACRON IS NOT A FRIEND OF BRITAIN.
If there is (though highly unlikely) a General Election, traditional Labour voters who want Brexit can elect a majority Govt which they can then remove at next GE. A remain vote = EU membership indefinitely #Brexit #NoConfidence
Original intent of #Brexit – restoring freedom and sovereignty
so she won't be splitting the atom any time soon then? #ageisjustanumber
The vote yesterday was the latest nail in Brexit's coffin. #remainandreform
Found the jokey tone of presenters this morning very grating - none of this Brexit mess is amusing!
#ExplainerJournalism at its best. A primer for #Brexit from our London bureau.
Download And Stereaming 2019 Movies Free! Click link to watch!! : #2009vs2019challenge #Spiderman #spidermanTH #Venom #Movies #Gillete #TuesdayThoughts #NationalHatDay #Girl #GilletteAd #TheFlash #Brexit #SDLive #BBB19 #Videos #bbb2019 #WayVisCOMING
He is an extremist on the issue of Brexit. He has probably helped kill Brexit.
There should be only one JUDGE regarding this Brexit shite, and that is THIS man.
Brexit could be extended but not past EU vote in May, Spain says
The inability to convert Brexit into an agreed set of tolerable policies tells us something crucial about what sort of thing Brexit is: an ideal of withdrawal that is at odds with basic realities of government and politics.
Can we all not step back and look at this? Russia has succeeded in dividing us in precisely the same way. Different countries, different circumstances. Same arguments, same emotional response. Wake up. This is psychological warfare.
I had to watch it several times and I expect you may well do so too! (And watch out for a Corbyn cameo!) #brexit
This is about time that someone put the end to this Tories Brexit project and abandon the whole thing. It has already damaged British economy and politics enough. #Brexit #endBrexit #StopBrexit
PREDICTED IN JULY #brexit #NoConfidence
England is no longer big nor powerful. As an outsider looking in on this whole #Brexit mess it’s shocking to see how some view your country as being on the level of a Russia, United States or China when it so clearly isn’t.
Ireland cannot shift on hard border after Brexit - Varadkar
“We don’t need Europe.” “I disagree.” #Brexit
DealBook Briefing: ‘Brexit’ Deal Fails; What’s Next for Britain?
also in #EU news but not #Brexit - the has proposed the move to #QualifiedMajority from EU member countries on the #tax issues, instead of unanimity - and so competitive tax regimes for #Ireland, Malta, Luxembourg etc could be changing if this develops into law
I aspire to be this extra in life.
Download And Stereaming 2019 Movies Free! Click link to watch!! : #2009vs2019challenge #Spiderman #spidermanTH #Venom #Movies #Gillete #TuesdayThoughts #NationalHatDay #Girl #GilletteAd #TheFlash #Brexit #SDLive #BBB19 #Videos #bbb2019 #WayVisCOMING
Dr David Lowry unearths important information about the nuclear fall-out of Brexit on the loss of co-operation and the ownership of plutonium, by Jan Haverkamp - via
May is finished with brexit then. Any future negotiating will just be wasting time.
Germany promise to launch fresh Brexit talks if May's deal is rejected
#ERG obviously feel will run down the clock to #brexit day to a #nodeal - up to #remainers to break the deadlock by voting with tonight and using 14 days rule to elect a new Remainer PM who would pivot to #Norway and win house majority and 'f' the #ERG
1. What's wrong with repeating a vote on the most important strategy for the country ever till we have a clear result? Can't be bothered? 2. Easy, not giving up on Brexit is their only claim to success, demolish that and sail through GE on a landslide
If we allow the Tories to inflict Brexit on our country we can forget dealing with poverty or stopping cuts. It will be Brexit, Brexit, Brexit for the next decade. That’s why this matters to Labour supporters.
Oh dear god. Well Grieve is about to call his bluff on a second ref
Magnificent #StopBrexit victory but lots of work to do : We can all help: #Brexit #PeoplesVote
I do not want Brexit in any form. Staying in the EU benefits both Britain and the EU.
What’s this clean Brexit schizzle - it’s only a #dirtybrexit - fraud, corruption and the loss of 1.1m postal votes, oh and lies on a bus
No more talk of Brexit please.
Bodes well for a Brexit that means Brexit.
LISTEN: James O'Brien Explains Why May Is To Blame Over Brexit Deadlock, Not The EU /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Brexit deal fails in Parliament, faces uncertain future
I think they might have promised to pause austerity anyhow, but really, they are not. Now, looking forward, you seem to struggle with the idea that Brexit - any Brexit - will prolong austerity. And Corbyn in a crisis - we know he is capable of making extremely poor decisions.
The debate on #ConfidenceVote is a distraction and waste of time and should not have called for it. Concentrate on #Brexit.
Didn’t vote for Corbyn in any of the leadership votes.. But this Brexit “Blame Corbyn” is getting out of hand folks.. Blame Cameron the architect and Lib Dems who facilitated his government
Sad Little Man
Too many questions too few answers. #Brexit
Thread
Download And Stereaming 2019 Movies Free! Click link to watch!! : #2009vs2019challenge #Spiderman #spidermanTH #Venom #Movies #Gillete #TuesdayThoughts #NationalHatDay #Girl #GilletteAd #TheFlash #Brexit #SDLive #BBB19 #Videos #bbb2019 #WayVisCOMING
Very good, very blunt assessment about the reality of #negotiating. The idea that defeat becomes strength in #brexit is just as baffling as the "we decided against no-deal but not actually for a deal" magical thinking.
#UKPolitics The undermining of PM May by members of her own Tory Party no less is classic #Sexism. You won the election. You won the Brexit vote. I don't get it. Why can't you work together in coming up with a plan? Because your boss is a woman? Gross!
That's why we need to allow people to make about decision on #Brexit based on facts. Then we can concentrate of the real problems facing the economy. No deal planning has already cost £6Bn+ &amp; Brexit could cost over £100Bn. That can be better spent on NHS, education, housing...
This looks more like a #Brexit coin than the actual Brexit coin is supposed to look like.
And it is just as delusional. It will destroy jobs and lived. There is no good brexit and you are betraying the poor by supporting Corbyn .
Octagon Blog: #BREAKING "Athlete must Fight Outside the UK vs or after #Brexit 2019"!
'Great theatre – but tragic': Europe's media reacts in horror to May defeat
EU trade represents 8% of our overall economy. We have a £90Billion trade deficit with the EU, in OUR favour. A government who believes in Brexit would have destroyed the EU in these negotiations.
After failing to deliver Brexit MPs get the chance to help deliver the post
#Brexit: Bar says 'door now open' to other options #legal #law #EU
May now saying she will talk to “Parliamentarians” across the House to reach a new Brexit deal - but that doesn’t include Corbyn. What she means is she will try to pick off Labour MPs to get a new deal across the line. And looks like Ken Clarke in won’t be on her list either
I have both leave and remain friends and acquaintances, even my Lib-dem friends just want to get on with Brexit, I know many people, as we are in business as well. Connected to UK service sector, no one in their right mind wants to do this all again after 2.5 years.
Every line is GOLD, - can we crowdfund this column onto the side of a fleet of buses?
The snowflake (pro-EU) politicians here are trying to stop our Brexit. They will fail. France should leave the failing EU too. I want to see the end of the EU.
If there's one thing the last 2.5 years have shown us it's that we would be *much* better off letting the EU do our negotiating for us. I wouldn't give our lot a hope in hell of doing any trade deal that didn't shaft us royally. #brexit #NoConfidenceVote
Tuesday's vote in the UK's House of Commons was supposed to finally provide some clarity on Brexit. In reality, it told us very little -- beyond two uncomfortable truths.
David Cameron Says He Does Not Regret Calling Brexit Referendum
Download And Stereaming 2019 Movies Free! Click link to watch!! : #2009vs2019challenge #Spiderman #spidermanTH #Venom #Movies #Gillete #TuesdayThoughts #NationalHatDay #Girl #GilletteAd #TheFlash #Brexit #SDLive #BBB19 #Videos #bbb2019 #WayVisCOMING
Of course, it is possible that Corbyn might have WON the 2017 GE as a remain / anti hard brexit / moderate party.
STOP MAY TALKING ABOUT 2 YEARS OR 18 MONTHS AGO. PEOPLE ARE CONCERNED PEOPLE ARE NOT LISTENING TO THEM. YES, 85% ARE CONCERNED THEY HAVE NOT BEEN CONSULTED ON BREXIT, NEITHER HAS N IRELAND, SCOTLAND OR WALES HAD ANY INPUT. STOP BANGING YOUR HEAD AGAINST BRICK WALL.
#ERG obviously feel will run down the clock to #brexit day to a #nodeal - up to #remainers to break the deadlock by voting with tonight and using 14 days rule to elect a new Remainer PM who would pivot to #Norway and win house majority and 'f' the #ERG
Up to Brits to come up with Brexit solution: Rasmussen
many people voted #brexit for getting rid of just as a general election would get rid of many MPs which is why they wont call one ?
"Ending freedom.." seen as a positive. The English are slugs voting for salt.
`bbcnews Well, It would appear that the cretins are conspiring to negate the peoples choice of brexit. Oh for a government that can govern sensibly and intelligently , casting aside their idealism and self interest.Will Tereasona have enough knighthoods to give them.
Only a General election can extend Article 50!! And here is why... #Brexit #BrexitShambles #GeneralElectionNow #Article50
Fashion Reads: British Fashion Council Lends Support to Second Referendum After Brexit Deal Flops
David Cameron said he does not regret calling the EU referendum, the morning after a disastrous night for the prime minister which saw MPs monumentally reject her Brexit deal. Filmed...
Eu armys have article 13 :(
Have your say on Brexit
The deal satisfied neither Remainers (majority MPs), nor Brexiteers (majority of public), and you suggest in &amp; you suggest a General Election. Thats ludicrous ! &amp; would be an even worse combination for the UK &amp; Brexit
PM reportedly intending to retain her "red lines", ruling out Labour's demand for a customs union with the EU. Andrea Leadsom says government won't delay or revoke Article 50. PM has ruled out #Referendum. What can change? #Brexit #Remain
We Only Want a Clean Brexit as Voted For. Leaving The EU &amp; Customs Union. We did not vote for any soft deal at all. Nether does anyone want a second referendum full stop. Get Real and Get Us Out of Europe and stop the EU dictating to the UK once and for all. Full Brexit Now.
Some Quick Notes on Post Brexit Vote Trade - Copy orders from successful traders and earn =&gt;
" I don't regret making something happen that would make a way for outrageous lies and fake promises, and then leaving as soon as sh*t hit the fan. It's not that bad watching it all from my sheperd's hut, really. "
PM Spokesman said we won't be able to do own independent trade deals even with A #CustomsUnion ..this is one of the red lines and seems PM setting conditions on cross party discussions on the next step after her historic defeat yesterday #Brexit
DONT CALL ME A TURKEY
Nailed it
Total myth this Brexit supporters are far right. Completely insulting. Hardened labour lefties also voted for it.
On Tuesday night after the historic and crushing defeat of Theresa May’s Brexit deal, a frenetic Jeremy Corbyn tabled an emergency confidence vote in the PM’s government. “I’m pleased...
Absolutely unreal, wasting your taxpayer money #shocking #ToryScum
Yes, only an idiot would call for an election after the 2 year Article 50 clock was ticking. See
Parliament's Brexit rejection won't make life easier for credit unions
I detest the #Tories, but JC &amp; #Labour pushing for a GE is cretinous, it's kicking the UK (not May) while we're down. #Brexit effects us all &amp; should have been negotiated by a joint-party team, not just May &amp; cronies, that is her big mistake, she should own it. #PeoplesVoteNow
Getting sick &amp; tired of these people who are bleeting on about being sick &amp; tired of #Brexit #BrexitVote
Download And Stereaming 2019 Movies Free! Click link to watch!! : #2009vs2019challenge #Spiderman #spidermanTH #Venom #Movies #Gillete #TuesdayThoughts #NationalHatDay #Girl #GilletteAd #TheFlash #Brexit #SDLive #BBB19 #Videos #bbb2019 #WayVisCOMING
I support but a change of leader and/or govt right now will delay Brexit and that's the chink the remoaners are looking to drive a wedge through. If there is any deviation from March 29th I fear we will never leave.
Declaration &amp; Authority via
German car makers have other markets to sell to. Tragedy for GB since all cars will be significantly more expensive in GB. #PeoplesVote #Brexit
Hi Sean, Would you be available to join Cheddar for a segment today, Jan. 16th at 3:20 PM ET to talk brexit and the auto industry? I can be reached at melissa.montanez .com
Couldn’t agree more. Well explained.
WATCH: Potential fallout after Theresa May’s crushing defeat on Brexit
Let's see how the new President will handle this criminal.
Hard Brexit is worth it. Free the people of the UK from the diabolical appointments of EU leaders who seek control over unity. All the greats, UK, France and Germany, should leave. Make Europe great again. The rest can follow and be better for it. #brexit #EU #UK
BBC News - Brexit and no-confidence vote: Corbyn targets 'zombie government'
WATCH: Potential fallout after Theresa May's crushing defeat on Brexit Britain's Parliament voted overwhelmingly against May's plan to withdraw from the European Union, leading to confusion about what will happen next with Brexit.
To be honest, this would also be a good way to get the hard-Brexit crowd onboard. Pass a law that says that if no other resolution is found by Parliament by the 28th of March, A50 gets revoked and we remain. Then suddenly they'd support her deal! But she's too clueless.
Amid Parliament’s Brexit rebellion, a tectonic shift in how Britain is governed # Stop throwing public money down the drain, millions that could be used for our hospitals our schools, just get out of EU CON CLUB with no deal now !!.
Chaos division and delay. Don't we have that in abundance already?
Isn't he just repeating what Corbyn said last night? To ignore this is to confirm that the intention, from the get go, was to leave on a No Deal. That's all the lizards care about: carte blanche to dismantle workers rights, the NHS and anything else that allows them to siphon £s
DELIVERING THE BREXIT PEOPLE VOTED FOR BZZT DELIVERING THE PEOPLE BREXIT VOTED FOR BZZT DEBREXITING THE LIVER FOR PEOPLE VOTED BZZT PEOPLE DELIVERING THE BREXIT PEOPLE VOTED FOR VOTED THE DELIVERING PEOPLE FOR BREXIT NAAAAARGH MAYBOT ERROR 290319 BZZT PLEASE INSERT SHOES.
It’s not calling the referendum which was unforgivable but how he did it pitching a total known EU against a total unknown fantasy Leave! In such a situation which wasn’t fair he should have required a supermajority or a Confirmation vote when we knew more about brexit ie now
As will the EU wants to have a veto on EU trade deals, despite not being in the EU He wants all the benefits of being in the EU with none of the obligations Why is selling unicorns too?
UK: markets muted on May Brexit defeat, but angst over path ahead
Europe still needs fixing and thats the truth of brexit!! Till that realisation - its all pretend! A tipping ship with massive unemployment, huge almost unworkable debt, worrying civil discontent, and the ingredients for utter turmoil! R we not all equal europeans needing a fix?
The first thing I've read which actually makes me understand what's going on!
This will absolutely astonish all the Brexiters who are quite sure the impact of Brexit will be nowhere near as bad as the projections officially adopted by the government that's trying to implement it
Europe markets calm after Brexit deal defeat, leaders urge Britain to find way forward
May fights new confidence vote amid Brexit bedlam
The House of Commons will vote on Theresa May's Brexit deal today
Theresa May’s Brexit plan suffered a huge defeat. What comes next? - BBC News US
EU ready to discuss new Brexit deal if UK changes 'red lines'
David Cameron Says He Does Not Regret Calling Brexit Referendum - HuffPost UK Clueless idiot!
Loooool at point Theresa May should just tell Parliament to suck out and sort out their own brexit #BrexitVote
Mrs May, would it be possible to arrange a vote on turning March in to a month like February. You won't have to worry about March 29th for a few years then? #brexitshambles #brexit #PMQs #bbcnews #desperate
What May’s massive Brexit rejection means for your money - MoneyWeek
13 Labour MEPs have signed up to a letter from calling for a second referendum. #brexit #EUref2
In Ireland, ‘catastrophic’ May defeat fuels Brexit gamble fears
Many now realise that they were told lies and realise Brexit isn't what they really want. It won't sway the hard core brexiteers, but nothing will. A second Vote is going to be a different result. Usually the leavers demand it won't change, so they have nothing to lose by one.
Theresa May (now): "There were various reasons people voted for Brexit." Theresa May (20 minutes ago): "People were clear what they were voting for." (using the supposed unanimity of views to prop up her red lines)
Second Brexit referendum looks more likely than ever The people made their choice &amp; don’t get a second bite at the apple. But as here in USA the will of the people doesn’t matter to tyrants want their way one way or another.
weasel words - he knows his party’s views
Brexit will happen. It may take another generation, but it is unstoppable. Submissives are a minority. I think with you it's probably a bit sexual.
Literal
Brexit 2: May &amp; Trump vs Truth, with Stephen Fry via
For all #Brexit information, please check the following links : or
Brexit is not a better deal. It will Male the poor poorer. Stop this shite now for sake of the country
Love
The same economy set for the lowest growth since 2009 Bob ?
LISTEN: A Soft Brexit With Labour's Help Would Lead To Tory Split, Warns Conservative MP /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Hi Simon. I don't know you, but i've read your 3 wonderful books on British history and seen you on TV. You didn't want people to discuss the merits of Brexit, one way or the other, when you wrote this, did you? Asking for a friend
If I ever bump into this Brexit fella I'm gonna give him the famous Bellward right hook, won't see it coming, that will teach him.
But the ERG will continue to support them tonight because they don't want to lose power.
and now the jingoist xenophobe comments about Talking Britain down. Dear god, its just stating the fucking facts #brexit
My final missive: the UK is in a mess, it’s in a mess for one reason. No, not Brexit. It’s in a mess, because we all underestimated Corbyn and his Momentum movement! For years all of us ridiculed and dismissed him as a fool. Now, if an election was held tomorrow, he’d win!
David Cameron Says He Does Not Regret Calling Brexit Referendum
Exactly. This is how history has turned around completely. Ireland now has the power to determine Brexit in the UK.
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK #shutdown #Brexit
WATCH: Potential fallout after Theresa May's crushing defeat on Brexit Britain's Parliament voted overwhelmingly against May's plan to withdraw from the European Union, leading to confusion about what will happen next with Brexit.
Very Scarey!! RE:Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
WATCH: Potential fallout after Theresa May's crushing defeat on Brexit Britain's Parliament voted overwhelmingly against May's plan to withdraw from the European Union, leading to confusion about what will happen next with Brexit.
Changing the Red Lines would mean that the criteria of "honouring the referendum" or "delivering brexit" are essentially shifting sands, so can see why PM sort of trapped into sticking with her deal when she wins confidence vote later.
EU Council President Donald Tusk hinted that canceling #Brexit is "the only positive solution do you agree or disagree #PMQs #BrexitVote
In the real world, where had passion, a sense of fairness &amp; compassion for the ppl it represented, this wld be taken as read &amp; Brexit wld be dead. Instead, we have a self-serving tosser who'd destroy the world for zeal, wet dreams &amp; personal power. #PeoplesVote #fbpe
This is good. And a useful primer on one of the ways the UK could attempt to resolve the mess we've gotten ourselves into... I took part in a citizens' assembly – it could help break the Brexit deadlock | Louise Caldwell
Brexit vote fallout: industry reacts | PrintWeek
*cough* *cough* and then left others to sort the mess he created. Legend.
Many Tory MPs have poleaxed PM over Brexit,policing but they will profess support for PM as if it is normal.Such loyalty has no credibility
I want this but the #PeoplesVote must include the option to remain... can't just be the May deal vs the lies of Johnson, Farage, Gove, Rees-Mogg
We Only Want a Clean Brexit as Voted For. Leaving The EU &amp; Customs Union. We did not vote for any soft deal at all. Nether does anyone want a second referendum full stop. Get Real and Get Us Out of Europe and stop the EU dictating to the UK once and for all. Full Brexit Now.
I think common sense was the first post-brexit ref shortage...
Agree. While I'm proud to have voted Remain, EEA+ is the best solution since it protects our economy, while respecting the result of the 2016 Referendum (as well as the 71% of those who voted for the Good Friday Agreement in 1998). It also avoid a delay to Article 50.
Another very interesting long view. It makes sense to see Brexit as part of a particularly Anglo-Saxon (and anti-political) fantasy of disembodiment/evacuation/escape also manifested in protestantism, rationalism and capitalism
"It's old Etonians who have gotten us into this trouble," says Meghnad Desai, emeritus professor of economics at the London School of Economics
Confidence vote LIVE: Corbyn’s plan backfires as MPs pressure him to change Brexit stance
This DJ livestreamed a house set from Parliament during the Brexit vote #hot
If you do not understand why WE have to say what WE want from Brexit. Then you are a simpleton. This is how all negotiations work. We are the ones that want change, so we are the ones that have to say which changes we want.
#NoConfidence vote is more dangerous for than . If Corbyn cannot win a No Confidence motion just after the PM lost her own #Brexit motion by 230 votes he'll never win anything. If he loses he should consider his position as a toxic loser for Labour.
Brexit is an official word? They use it in the parliament and all!! Not a word I like the sound of very much tbh, aesthetically i.e.
Brilliant thebrexitcomic. #brexit #eu
*puts up hand* I've been in NL for the last 5 years, what killed the Nexit was actually Brexit. No one here thinks the EU is perfect but after seeing what has happened to the UK, no one is actually daft enough to try to leave now.
I'll be talking about #climatechange mitigation and adaptation, and the future for environmental principles and governance post-Brexit, tomorrow at the Westminster Energy, Environment &amp; Transport Forum #WEETFEvents
Russia watches as two democracies that orchestrated Moscow's Cold War defeat suffer political breakdowns
Despite the ongoing government shutdown, the political infighting and the failure of the Brexit vote in England, the market continues to move higher. Futures indicating Dow +50
#US and #UK agree post #Brexit #insurance trade deal. Read more via :
What Michael Barnier What is it you still don't understand 17.4 voted for UK is Leaving
Sums up this govt's underhandedness and complete disdain for the most vulnerable in our society. Get 'em out, now!!
Did French President Emmanuel Macron sum up Brexit better than the British?
Brexit in a nutshell , the people voted to leave EU ,we hear you but now the powers that be&amp;the big wigs in Westminster have decided that your voice means jackshit&amp;we will ask you all to vote again until your voice is align with ours #brexit if that's democarcy leave me out of it
Alternative ways to break Brexit deadlock
Andrea Leadsom, leader of the House of Commons, discusses the upcoming confidence vote and the aftermath of May's Brexit plan
On 28 December 2018 the UK deposited its instrument of accession in respect of the Hague Convention on Choice of Court Agreements 2005. The Convention will enter into force for the UK on 1 April 2019 in the event of a no-deal Brexit #brexit #law #uklaw
Parliament Rejects May’s Brexit Deal
Desperation of on using #PeoplesVote like General Election analogy of people changing their minds. #Brexit was a #Referendum on In or Out. General Election is one party or another. Vast difference! Defend Democracy! ...... as long as the vote goes you way!
[EURONEWS] Did French President Emmanuel Macron sum up Brexit better than the British? |
Exactly this. A Hard Brexiteer Labour leader is upset he is not invited to a meeting about trying NOT to Hard Brexit. Shocker.
If she did that, Labour would seek a No Confidence vote again, in the belief some of the Brexiteers would vote with them, believing that a GE is the only way to stop a soft Brexit.
Some Quick Notes on Post Brexit Vote Trade - Copy orders from successful traders and earn =&gt;
So we can deduce from this that Corbyn is a wet fish of a leader who is looking to enact brexit against the wishes of his party. Despite being adamant that the party membership determine the strategy at conference!
Someone should check Burgon’s back for a battery pack — he’s just a bullish robot parroting the party line on loop.
You're still not listening. #Maybot #PMQs #NoConfidence #Brexit #HostileEnvironment
Did French President Emmanuel Macron sum up Brexit better than the British?
Did French President Emmanuel Macron sum up Brexit better than the British?
Heidi, primarily we need a decent competent government. We don't have that luxury. #brexitshambles #Brexit #FinalSay #PeoplesVote #PMQs
What about laying off 4000 workers because of #brexit, what about the young voters who couldn't vote in the last referendum? They have a RIGHT to have their say as Brexit affects them and the next generations, these #MPs who dont want another referendum are just trying
The most arrogant and narrow minded PM in British history. is suffering from a serious case of tunnel vision. It’s time #MayMustGo #BrexitChaos
Labour official working for Jeremy Corbyn says MPs calling for second Brexit vote want a Tory government
Gt yarmouth was reported on a BBC programme of being one of biggest supporters of Brexit. It has high unemployment. It 30km from North and 100km from Ipswich....
Parliasment will not accept a hard Brexit and if necessary it will take power away from the executive if it persists in refusing to compromise. May knows however that if she immediately yields the Moggies will topple her.
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
But, but, there is no agreement in Cabinet for this yet, and there's plenty of people around who say that if PM shifts to a closer relationship with the EU, in something like a customs union, the most ardent eurosceptics might quit the Tory party. #Brexit
EU open to closer ties with Britain but no renegotiation of withdrawal deal: The EU would consider a potential British request for closer post-Brexit ties than London has sought so far, but will not renegotiate the withdrawal agreement rejected by…
500 Extra Followers Instagram Become an influencer, win money #BTS #EXO #VideoMTV18del18 #iHeartAwards #Viswasam #BirdBox #TrumpResign #NowPlaying #MerryChristmas #Christmas #tb #brexit #grammys #ferda Get offer now :
Farage Slams PM May's 'Surrender Document' Brexit Deal, Demands Her Resignation
So we need to give the people the final say on every single vote then. A General Election every two months. Daily Scottish and Welsh votes...
The problem is not us leaving with a good deal ,The problem lies with parliament not wanting to leave with any deal ,their job is to get behind what the people voted for and not their own personal veiws,The EU know this and between the two they are trying to reverse brexit ,
'Catastrophic Defeat': UK Parliament rejects Theresa May's Brexit deal via
Well he is one of the people who should be hung drawn and quartered, I do feel for may as she was handed a poisoned chalice, but she mad a total hash due to arrogance and party politics
Colette Browne: 'Our Government cannot allow Brexit charlatans to take us down with them as they sacrifice UK's future' The view in the Irish Independent: Beggar thy neighbour Brexit.
Petition: Brexit re article 50 it must not be suspended/stopped under any circumstances
you just lied, yet again, to Parliament (see evidence in previous tweet). You claim that the #EURef was not advisory, but you are factually/completely WRONG. #ToryLies #ToryBrexitShambles #ToryBritain #BrexitVote #BrexitShambles #Brexit #BrexitChaos #BrexitBetrayal
May has a choice. Ditch her Brexit friends and have a deal passed by Parliament and the EU. Achieving Brexit is her main aim she says, and there are very few routes to achieving that.
You're assuming that they Putin views Trump and GOP policies as being effective. And assuming that they even are effective. However, it's not disputable anymore that the Russians favored Trump and Brexit; they did. These are major victories in their long struggle with the West.
Ken Clarke making the exact point that I’ve been banging my head over for the past couple of years; the public voted to Leave, not on how or what they wanted to withdraw from. Quite simple. #Brexit #BrexitDeal
'Great theatre – but tragic': Europe's media reacts in horror to May defeat
WATCH: Potential fallout after Theresa May's crushing defeat on Brexit Britain's Parliament voted overwhelmingly against May's plan to withdraw from the European Union, leading to confusion about what will happen next with Brexit.
To stop Brexit you need primary legislation. Simply desiring something else is not enough.
anyway i tagged the wrong cyberchallenge (with brexit we can't import hackers in Italy). ---&gt;
#bbcnews #brexit It is a total fabrication that there have been tax cuts for Lower paid. Nobody with any form of sense would argue that the tax cuts have not been obliterated by council funding cuts. Explain to the homeless that they are better of. #Toriesout are disgusting
NOTHING HAS CHANGED! EU Referendum reminder.. By constituency: 406 Leave, 242 remain By voting area: 263 Leave, 119 remain By party: Labour 148 Leave, 84 remain. Tory 247 leave, 80 remain No Brexit No democracy No Labour
Brexit deal: Find out whether your MP voted as you wanted
We don't even need to talk to them. #SovereignWTOBrexit is the only way to deliver Brexit, democracy and a future for Great Britain and is exactly what we voted for...
It seems like a great idea to me considering we are expecting later retirement ages and our post to arrive orderly in any weather. For once an MP who isn't just grandstanding faux Brexit policies but doing something constructive for the working men and women of the country.
We fell for messages on the side of a bus long before the Brits did, but yeah it worked out in the end (for us). #bloodybigdeal #brexit #tfc
Did French President Emmanuel Macron sum up Brexit better than the British?
The people have voted &amp; gave a clear instruction to parliament to deliver exiting from the EU. Another vote won't achieve anything. It's Parliament that is the problem, constantly trying to block Brexit' at even turn.
What Macron knows is Britain will STOP for they are no longer be integrated in the GLOBAL SYSTEM. Nothing to do with the EU. Many of these agreements have stood for decades and dunce May has not renegotiated. MARINE WILL STOP. The woman is mad.
GR media have watched the tortuous negotiations with dismay after its own near-brush with Grexit &amp;today there is rare agreement that UK has entered unchartered waters.“There is astonishment that a democracy as old as UK has got itself into such a dead-end”
Analysis | The Finance 202: May's Brexit plan just collapsed. Here's what's next:
It would be super great if the Brits had an actual left-wing alternative to Theresa May instead of a too-close-to-Putin Euro skeptic who kinda-sorta-definitely wants to move forward with destroying the European Union and the post-World War II international order.
"May’s aides are clear: She is not giving up on her deal, despite the scale of the defeat. And she’s not quitting." Isn't this evidence that we've entered 'definition-of-insanity' territory? #Brexit
After predicting how successful brexit would be you mean ?
That's because Brexit is incompatible with reality.
WATCH: Potential fallout after Theresa May's crushing defeat on Brexit Britain's Parliament voted overwhelmingly against May's plan to withdraw from the European Union, leading to confusion about what will happen next with Brexit.
Uhm I mean, July last year we all knew Brexit was going to be a disaster and lead to this. Not that remarkable!
You realise that Poland, Spain and Italy are in the EU don't you? However the problem is with the Chinese economy not their willingness to export. #peoplesvote #brexit
Dear France, would you please get rid of this Globalist idiot Macron to save your country. #GiletsJaunes #YellowVests #Paris #Brexit #Frexit #LeaveEU #Salvini #Orban #Poland #AfD
not for long
It looks, its brexit not on Mays term !!! a no deal brexit likely ....who's so much energy to tirelessly renegotiate ???
I don't understand 's reluctance. In the lead up the Referendum a number of people I knew said they would vote for #Brexit using Norway as an example of a country outside the EU. Joining #EFTA would give UK and a stronger position against the EU.
#ERG obviously feel will run down the clock to #brexit day to a #nodeal - up to #remainers to break the deadlock by voting with tonight and using 14 days rule to elect a new Remainer PM who would pivot to #Norway and win house majority and 'f' the #ERG
Why are people ignoring the fact that 80% of our GDP - services- is excluded from the EU arrangements. Why has no-one challenged how long it will take to agree trade deals after brexit+the pressure we will endure to offer discounts+visas to even get close to what we had b4?
GBP/USD Technical Analysis: Cable hugs 1.2850 as Brexit uncertainties unfold -
It would be a very, very bad vote to lose. Think about the morning after, before getting into that bed. General election a much, much more likely route to minimising Brexit into irrelevance.
WATCH: Potential fallout after Theresa May's crushing defeat on Brexit Britain's Parliament voted overwhelmingly against May's plan to withdraw from the European Union, leading to confusion about what will happen next with Brexit.
Vladimir Putin couldn't be happier. #Russia #TrumpRussia #Brexit
One positive from the referendum has been to make it crystal clear that our two party system is both internally &amp; externally dysfunctional. We need a fundamental realignment. #Brexit
It's all everybody is talking about, but how will Brexit affect the dental industry?
If you’re a Farmer in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a debacle for you. If you live in Scotland then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this mess! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Brexit - after the meaningful vote
Shameful
Genuinely baffled by Lammy: why not keep fanning Parliament towards soft Brexit (now the direction of travel) &amp; wait for May's right-wingers to vote her down or for Leave Ultras to demand another referendum? Then you get your "people's vote" without seeming to steal 2016 result?
I know it’s not your “thing” but would you ever do some stuff on British politics?? Like the brexit vote that just happened and the actual mess that is our government right now?
Remainers info on the consequence of brexit are equally flawed. I think they're overstated. Yes it'll be tough to adjust, but when you do I think the UK will be just as strong in the long run.
You know what the real purpose of Brexit is :-)
What an awful debate, not one substantive argument discussed. My guess: like Trump, May is paid by the Russians to create chaos. How else to explain this? ... Brexit: MPs debate no-confidence motion after May's deal defeat – Politics live
I think I was writing the other day that #Caddyshack was very reflective of the current climate around Brexit - aggressive, unfunny, ugly and polarising with a need for compromise that neither side seems willing to give.
WATCH: Potential fallout after Theresa May’s crushing defeat on Brexit
ftpodcasts: May's mission impossible on Brexit
POW WANTING TO START A 15 YEAR BREXIT INSTEAD OF LOOKING AFTER THE ENVIRONMENT, THE MOST IMPORTANT ISSUE IN THE WORLD.
Hate to keep banging on about this (aside: I don’t) but here’s a good piece on the constitutional vandalism of the Fixed-Term Parliament Act
. clearly has no idea how to break the impasse and is allowing Britain to run to ruin. If you don't have the stomach for a GE then challenge for the leadership #brexit #PMQs #ConfidenceVote #NoConfidenceVote
Brexit is going to have an effect on trade policies. Textiles are category of that. The British textile industry might be in need of some support.
It’s certainly not due to Brexit that’s for sure but don’t let facts get in the way of your narrative....and I have a life so will NOT be debating with you anymore. Thank you.
You still don’t get it. We didn’t vote for “Brexit” we voted to Leave or Remain in the EU. What you can’t get your head around is Leave won.
Theresa May: Brexit deal rejection risks democratic ‘catastrophe’
#ERG obviously feel will run down the clock to #brexit day to a #nodeal - up to #remainers to break the deadlock by voting with tonight and using 14 days rule to elect a new Remainer PM who would pivot to #Norway and win house majority and 'f' the #ERG
Petition: Repeal the EU Withdrawal Act to Prevent Accidental No-deal Brexit
Why stop at 24 hours?
I really think these MP's who wish to remain should join a party that supports their ideas and visa versa for those MP's who wish to leave ! But please don't sod about the British people and parliament !
Or Brexit.
Just had ‘discussion’ with a visitor to Dad, (94, Remainer). “I’m sick of Brexit! I’m sick of being ruled by Germany! I remember what it was like b4 EU...” Didn’t believe a word I said to counter his beliefs. Well done Daily Fail; lies stick.
#NoConfidence in Theresa May when she dares to allude to her government’s concern for pensioners when they have just sneaked out #PensionCreditRobbery
He doesn’t want to win. He wants the Tories to do Brexit.
#BrexitVote - stood and fought for the mandate of the British people and lost. called for a referendum, got Brexit, resigned and ran away. Wonder who is a stronger and more committed politician?
Crushed: Theresa May’s Brexit Deal Defeated by Record-Breaking Margin in Parliament
We endure Trumpcult vs. everyone else with clear pathways to remedy in two years or less and a parade of criminal convictions. Britain is completely fractured with no cohesive majority, obstructed accountability, facing permanent damage of falling off the cliff of a hard brexit.
We Only Want a Clean Brexit as Voted For. Leaving The EU &amp; Customs Union. We did not vote for any soft deal at all. Nether does anyone want a second referendum full stop. Get Real and Get Us Out of Europe and stop the EU dictating to the UK once and for all. Full Brexit Now.
After 2 years, brought a deal to the Commons that had little support. She pressed ahead until the last minute and insisted she delayed to listen. Now, after an historic defeat, she says she’ll listen again... She’s the problem. #Brexit is the problem. #PeoplesVoteNow
I think the British Parliament should be nominated for a BAFTA and probably an Emmy Award. #Brexit #Emmys #BAFTA
Wow. This is the most ignorant thing I have ever read. Please 1) stop reading the Daily Mail; 2) Develop even the slightest understand of why Ireland became a republic. You are being maniputated by the right-wing press into blaming the EU for the Brexit mess. Educate yourself.
Yes, we do understand the Soros position. And we reject it. Bye Gina.
Also remarkable is that the ERG, which just until recently did not have any faith in Theresa May, all of a sudden think she is still competent to lead - obvs because they know the Tories would be destroyed if there was an election. Party politics over country. #Brexit
Yea I can see both sides of the coin. I would also see it as a failure of democracy if Brexit still went ahead despite the majority of the population now wanting to remain. Not saying that is the the case now but a lot has happened since the 1st vote, and polls are just polls.
is entirely right on this point. Referendum voted to leave SM, CU, ECJ &amp; control immigration After that UK may be as 'flexible as it likes. #leavethennegotiate
TRUMP BREXIT Wed, 16 Jan 2019 08:00:00 CST
What happens now with Brexit? British PM Theresa May's big defeat leaves no clear options | Analysis by CNN's lukemcgee
The only question in UK politics more agonizing than what to do about Brexit is “who would be the worst PM right now, May or Corbyn?”
I live thousands of miles away from Brexit but given how much of it is in the media, I've been using words like backstop and hard border in my everyday family life.
This made me chuckle! #Brexit #BrexitVote #BrexitShambles
Scottish Twitter is having great fun with this picture of a thoroughly miserable-looking Nicola Sturgeon, who is facing an inquiry over the Alex Salmond allegations and under fire for her handling of Brexit/indyref2. Hence the humour in her looking glum. 1/5
Only when it is dark enough you can see the stars. #brexit #fuckbrexit #theresamay #breakingnews
is in a straight jacket with Brexit. If she goes for a soft Brexit the DUP would oust the government.
How can it be right that a PM of a government that is the first ever to be found to be in contempt of Parliament, and who has their flagship policy voted down in a record manner, doesn't stand down and call a general election? #brexit #shame #nationalembaressment
I hate the stupidity of this second referendum idea, how do they sleep at night? Trying to disregard 17+ million people, the majority vote, and democracy too, they'll probably just lose in the next referendum and still be just as bitter if not more so. Brexit just needs to happen
The latest The Stephane Klemm Daily ! Thanks to #brexit #metoo
Brexit uncertainty hits house purchases
If Labour allow the Tories to inflict Brexit on our country we can forget dealing with poverty or stopping police cuts. It will be Brexit, Brexit, Brexit for the next decade. That’s why this matters.
You ever thought of becoming PM . So long as you have Lucas as your Environment SoS !! :-)
Will he fuck. He’ll be another Kinnock, staying on way past his “best before” date, believing that, if only they all believe a bit harder, they’ll win. Him and Brexit and unicorns: made for each other.
Not sure if this was designed as a thread, but Stephen is rattling off some good points here. #Brexit
Okay. I have done this. I have not edited it properly, I have not mucked around with it, sound checked it, blah. But if I wait any longer it'll be out of date. Again.
Well done Andrea: Lenin would have been proud of you for having helped to create the biggest political mess that the uk has ever faced. Job only half done. Next step full Brexit which will bring unemployment and the most left wing labour government the UK has ever seen!
And all JC wants is to be PM, he doesn't care about delivering brexit otherwise he would have put his plan forward.
Sources say some 55bn or £440m per week and rising. The economy is some 2.1% smaller than it would have otherwise been.
properly good mercutio speech, this.
Obviously you have not been paying attention to the outside world or the majority who voted to leave with no understanding of what they were voting for (or the twaddle Brexit loving MPs have come out with.) Yeah leave as in making sure the door doesn't hit you on the way out
I liked a video The National for January 15, 2019 — Brexit Uncertainty, Schellenberg Fallout,
Brexit deal: How Theresa May was abandoned by 118 of her own MPs
#Brexit - the truth Merci .
Only a General election can extend Article 50!! And here is why... #Brexit #BrexitShambles #GeneralElectionNow #Article50
Omg, this is getting real soap opera scenes after latest Edu news... Hope this is one of the cases where the people who speaks doesn't know and who know doesn't speak. About Brexit it's pose starts at spring. It will hit hard to Premier league football at some point.
But only a minority of MPs were elected on the basis of delivering the Tory version of Brexit.
She's squirming. He's trying to talk about the reasons underlying Brexit. One of the reasons for this clusterf**k is the poverty of our principal media outlets.
Ha ha the Spanish government are just gunna kick gareth bale out of Spain after Brexit your journalism is shocking
This government needs to get it's act together now. Universal Credit is ruining people's lives, Police numbers are decline and Hate Crime has risen. Get back to running this country and stop Universal Credit #government #Brexit
Railways - yes! Lots of work to do there, but it's not the EU's fault the Railways were privatised; that was Tory greed. From bad to worse with current Transport Sec. I hope we re-nationalise the railways, but we won't have the money to do it if we #Brexit.
Hear hear!!!
think they like the rest of the country are hoping that Remainer May will stop trying to deceptively avoid BREXIT . And get on with her job . It is amazing that someone who is going against the will of the people in actions is still being allowed to govern by the people :-(
Ohhhhh Brexit chocolate bars..... Now there's a radio feature.......
We are putting stability first and that is more important than even Brexit says
OUT NOW! Rejection of the Withdrawal Agreement means a #BetterDeal for Brexit is now available writes for #BetterDeal #Brexit #thinkscotland
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
Nah, : kamikaze May must volte-face! Renounce the appalling EU punishment WA; then, unlike Cameron, she must tell the country that, mea culpa, she tried but failed. Accordingly, she now backs a WTO Brexit; it’ll keep her as PM and rejuvenate Tory voters!
The #Markets take: "... The #UK is on course for a hard-#Brexit in March ..." #EU #UK #EU27 #WTO #EUBudget #Eurozone #ECB #Germany #GBP #EUR
It should voluntarily join Canada to solve the Brexit impasse. But Ireland will do.
In moments of frustration I'm thinking..." Go on May... do it.... go on.... do it! ... take us to a no deal Brexit crash out on March 29th and lets make sure you own the shit-storm that will surely follow...lets see what the MSM and the electorate make of that.
and your point? That is democracy. We get to change our minds based on a number of factors. In the brexit situation, its because it broke the law of democracy.
Let's have Nicky Handerson's views on Brexit. That's all we're missing.
Brexit Vote: Why Britain Faces a Historic Crisis
It’s (almost) all worth it for gold like this. Also, big fan of the use of shitshow. Need to see more of it.
i understand some of our country men hate democracy and are up in arms when things dont go there way the vote against mays brexit deal was only true democracy in action commies would not understand that
#Brexit #PeoplesVote the word honesty and politicians, sadly seldom go together. In the chamber as I type MP'S talk about democracy. If YOU politicians didn't and still don't understand how far UK are intertwined with EU how the hell are the general public! Meaningful vote pleas
May’s govt faces no-confidence vote after huge Brexit defeat | WTOP via Again???
People have DIED! you smarmy git. #PMQs #NoConfidence #Brexit #HostileEnvironment
I think before any vote happens the full and honest consequences of a hard and soft Brexit (good and bad) need to be made public. People are going to vote still based on the lies of the last campaigns, we need clarity and truth to make this decision.
What a crazy World. declared allegiance to #democracy &amp; give justification in voting for article 50. Then admit #Brexit cannot be delivered. The issue isn’t how close the vote was then, but how we as a country are trapped by Globalists.
"British Expats Buy Cheaper Pints as Brexit Chaos Threatens Spanish Idyll" by REUTERS via NYT
alumnus writes for the on how #brexit could threaten 20 years of peace in Northern Ireland
How the hell does she know *exactly* what 17 million people voted for? I would *guess* at least a couple of million wanted something like Norway. Many of those promoting Brexit certainly suggested something like that.
How could #Brexit affect travel to #Dubrovnik this year #croatia
I truly do not recognise my Country nowadays. #Brexit began as an illegal deceitful project. It has now become absolutely obscene! What lies behind this sinister #ERG driven national disgrace? They must not be allowed to turn the UK into a Banana Republic - #Remain
End of Brexit with PM May 230 votes defeat largest ever. Only issue if Article 50 letter for 29th March cancelled or delayed. And date of next election and new Tory leader. 3 years wasted on twaddle. A Great British shambles. Time for Change
Alternative ways to break Brexit deadlock
Latest News: Brexit and no-confidence vote: Corbyn targets 'zombie government' Labour's leader opens the no-confidence debate, after Theresa May's Brexit deal defeat. 2019-01-16 13:28:25Z
There is one way out of the Brexit impasse that no one has noticed via
Why does the PM continue to say that the British People voted for her Brexit. The country had the option of ‘in’ or ‘out’! There are 1000s of gradations of what that could mean! Now people could actually vote on facts not myths.
My point was purely about Brexit. He just doesn’t show any leadership on this by continually dodging the issue. PM has made a mess of this &amp; Britain now needs strong leadership &amp; yet Corbyn, who should have the best chance he will ever have to become PM takes a back seat.
The referendum was stolen through lies and deceit. The only way forward is a second with the FACTS now known.
Plea for People's Vote: "How is it that the Conservatives, so long so obsessed about the EU, have learnt so little about it?" ($) Theresa May has one last throw of the Brexit dice - via
What a complete farce this is. TM is simply going to refuse to budge and then wait until BREXIT day and offer her botched, failed deal versus no deal. She will have a legacy all right one as the WORST PM in our history.
What’s going on with brexit lol
Theresa May insists that Brexit must mean no customs union because Leave voters demand new trade deals. Why does this seem completely implausible?
GBP/USD Technical Analysis: Cable hugs 1.2850 as Brexit uncertainties unf... | #GBP #pound #uk #england #poundsterling #forex #fx #trading #trade #livetradenews #trader
Very anxiety inducing to have such a bunch of power hungry fools leading us. #Brexit
Theresa May today #Brexit #PeoplesVote #EuropeanUnion
"It's not up to me, as a humble Belgian who likes ranting about stealing people's national sovereignty, to lecture Brits on what to do, but I'm going to do it anyway, because I believe the reason Britain dared to stand up to us was because you idiots didn't give me enough power"
This is how a young British artist is using his palette as a Brexit ballot
RESIGN YOU HYPOCRITE.
Business leaders overwhelmingly predict No Deal Brexit will be catastrophic. Yet Tory MPs are still advocating it. Do they 1) Know better 2) Think they know better 3) Believe their ideology should trump national interest
BBC News - Brexit: How did my MP vote on Theresa May's deal? Oh Penny what have you done? Where is the lady that campaigned to leave the eu? if I could organise your recall I would. I certainly will be voting against you in any future election ever.
And she’s very good in it too x
Parliament shouldn’t be held to ransom by just one person PM . Her views are her own view of Brexit not even her own party members .
and now the us economy is in DECLINE BECAUSE OF TRUMP'S SHUT DOWN OF THE GOVERNMENT!
Or was never alive!?
This is an exceptional piece of work, documenting the history and facts of the Border in Ireland. Essential reading for understanding the #Brexit backstop debate.
Nigel Farage Predicts Second Brexit Vote: Former U.K. Independence Party leader Nigel Farage is predicting a second referendum on the Brexit deal, while calling for Prime Minister Theresa May to resign.
#Corbyn exposes May's empty offer of cross-party #Brexit talks
a reminder this country is in desperate need of.
Well, God forbid that any of us should listen to actual experts:
No #BrexitDeal then we grow some balls and tell the EU they ain't getting their £37 billion simples! #BrexitShambles #brexit #BrexitVote
FREE Register To Watch Full Movies!!! Click link to watch!! : #2009vs2019challenge #Spiderman #spidermanTH #Venom #Movies #Gillete #TuesdayThoughts #NationalHatDay #Girl #GilletteAd #TheFlash #Brexit #SDLive #BBB19 #Videos #bbb2019 #WayVisCOMING
Petition: Brexit re article 50 it must not be suspended/stopped under any circumstances
I will never vote again for 's fixed, antiquated, hermetic small-mindedness in the face of May's rote, morally bankrupt, middle-england death mask. We need a real future. Get to the helm please. Modern. Honest. Wise. Ethical. Human. #brexit
A certain elegance here. No Deal Brexiteers hurting both themselves and their beloved Trump ...
Shambolic: Brexit bombs in Parliament, May gov’t teeters: EU to UK: What the hell do you want? The post Shambolic: Brexit bombs in Parliament, May gov’t teeters appeared first on Hot Air.
cut dems pay 3 months....they obstruct more......healthcare will cost 90 percent of all our incomes.........go ahead make our day......; we the people take the power back trump best pres ever or will ever be again. do it now,,,great work
Carney says markets think May's defeat could mean softer Brexit via So much denial still. Bless em.
Ireland must now intensify planning for Brexit – FF | Donegal Now
#Brexit With the #DUP saying they’ll back the Conservatives in #noconfidence vote, it is dead in the water without a big rebellion in the #Conservative party.
'Still time to negotiate,' Merkel says after Brexit vote
FREE Register To Watch Full Movies!!! Click link to watch!! : #2009vs2019challenge #Spiderman #spidermanTH #Venom #Movies #Gillete #TuesdayThoughts #NationalHatDay #Girl #GilletteAd #TheFlash #Brexit #SDLive #BBB19 #Videos #bbb2019 #WayVisCOMING
Autocratic and Dictatorial PM - nothing has changed, and she’s just doubling down. #Brexit Hell!
Brexit was the brain child of Putin to drive a wedge between the Western European Powers. Leaving the EU is not in the UK’s or EU’s interest. Too bad Putin, you lose again.
His policies led to Brexit ....!
Hi Teresa, how is the EU a bully? Would think a organisation that looks out for its members and protects smaller states like Ireland from the U.K. breaking its commitments to the GFA and abiding by the law in order to access the SM and CU. Can’t blame the EU for brexiteer lies
That's Brexit in a nutshell, I think.
If only we had demanded another vote when we found out Russia interfered in our election, or installed the rightful winner .
#PMQs Why does the Prime Minister not acknowledge that people were misled regarding #Brexit in the 2016 referendum with lies, electoral law breaking and interference by foreign powers who did not have the UK’s interest at heart? The UK people deserve a #FinalSay #PeoplesVote
May, like Cameron, is concerned more for than UK. She must be prepared to relax her red lines. If not Parliament MUST take over. #Brexit
#Brexit has been described as a dead parrot. Well I know how the Norwegian model makes me feel. Blue. #WednesdayWisdom #PMQs #WednesdayMotivation #wednesdaythoughts
We go live to Theresa May in the #NoConfidence vote... #Brexit
1/2 If one more person says that a “people’s vote on brexit will undermine democracy I’ll scream! You can’t undermine democracy by adding more democracy!
"As many as 9m policyholders in Europe who hold a contract with a UK insurer are potentially affected." #insurance #Brexit #EU
Explained like a gentleman.
Freedom Com All Ye - #Scotland has choices - #BREXIT mess or #fREEDOM! Legend Dick Gaughan -
Wasn't Brexit originally a way to silence the Tory Europhobes? It finished Cameron, could it be the end of May too?
In moments of frustration I'm thinking..." Go on May... do it.... go on.... do it! ... take us to a no deal Brexit crash out on March 29th and lets make sure you own the shit-storm that will surely follow...lets see what the MSM and the electorate make of that.
Trump is a madman! He shuts down the govt., supports brexit, creates a humanitarian crisis at the border, threatens NATO, disses our closest allies, praises, dictators and the only thing he can talk about is his stupid wall.
And as I said above, Brexit will cause there to be less tax revenue
How I feel, whenever I read / hear "Will of the people..." #brexit #BrexitShambles
I liked a video Brexit 2: May &amp; Trump vs Truth, with Stephen Fry
I think the crux of the matter is that the British public really had no idea what they were voting for, thanks to multiple campaigns based on anything but fact.
I share again
Well this meeting was planned well! #Brexit #farmers #growers
#ERG obviously feel will run down the clock to #brexit day to a #nodeal - up to #remainers to break the deadlock by voting with tonight and using 14 days rule to elect a Remainer PM who would pivot to #Norway and win house majority and 'f' the #ERG
Read it twice - just to be sure - but yes you really did take the time to type "the democratic way to beat...." F***ing mind blowing!
FREE Register To Watch Full Movies!!! Click link to watch!! : #2009vs2019challenge #Spiderman #spidermanTH #Venom #Movies #Gillete #TuesdayThoughts #NationalHatDay #Girl #GilletteAd #TheFlash #Brexit #SDLive #BBB19 #Videos #bbb2019 #WayVisCOMING
Brexit: Theresa May will not ask Jeremy Corbyn to help resolve crisis despite vow to contact 'senior parliamentarians', Conservative minister suggests
There’s a platoon of junkies on my bus fresh out the chemist having an educated discussion about how Brexit means Gerrand will leave rangers and that’s why ‘the fenians’ will win the league, finish yer dragon soup and fuck up, nasa could built rockets as big as this
"It's as bad as it gets," said Labour MP, Stephen Doughty. UK Prime Minister Theresa May faced defeat for her Brexit deal last night. What has been the reaction to last nights events?
You were elected on a promise of respecting the referendum vote and delivering brexit. We want out! 70% of your people want a no deal brexit so listen to them!!!
Forget Brexit, if we don't take the environment catastrophe we are creating seriously soon it really won't matter all that much.
Heard it said today “Brexit is a internal debate that’s got completely out of hand.” Pretty much sums the #Brexit #brexitcrisis up. Still don’t know position and continue to be a joke with no clear plan that supports democracy. #sorryeurope
The May deal is dead and was dead before it even reached parliament. Plan B seems to be March 29th. Eihter that or revoke or extend Article 50 neither of which are desirable if C&amp;U party is to survive punlic confidence.
New post: GBP / USD pair: plan for the American Source: Forex Analysis {$inli #Forex #ForexAnalysis #currencypairs
Rebecca Pow. Environment more important than Brexit. I suppose it is as we're all going to be growing spuds and cabbage to survive if May gets her way
Because I am uninformed of UK happenings on anything other than a superficial level, does Parliament understand that this whole Brexit thing has been manipulated by Putin? Why has everyone forgot Russia isn't the good guys?
Brexit “And the Russian leader may have had a hand in triggering the turmoil.” Both in U.K. &amp; US
Up to Brits to come up with Brexit solution: Rasmussen — The Local Denmark (TheLocalDenmark) January 16, 2019
Oh Jesus Christ, some people are still spouting the £39 billion bullshit in !
Interesting for May to say as someone who is not voted directly by the people. #Brexit #VoteofNoConfidence
Parliament Rejects May’s Brexit Deal
"The fundamental and insurmountable problem is that Brexit was premised on a fantasy — a painless withdrawal from the European Union — that no prime minister could have delivered."
Clever tactics by Corbyn, rather than push for a 2nd referendum, this will pave the way for a 2nd no-confidence vote win after next mondays repeat brexit plan-A.
Dear David Cameron... I seriously hope you have taken yourself off to your bedroom to think about what you have done! #brexit #BrexitVote #BrexitShambles
Brexit: EU opens door to further trade negotiations if Theresa May ditches red lines - The Independent
Called an election and then refused to debate Corbyn. Excuse being she was too busy with Brexit. Entire UK being trolled for last 3 years by Cameron and the Tory party. Time is up.
Potentially uniting Brexit opinion: David Cameron should have to sit in the middle of the house every day while the speaker periodically says "Look what you've done, you absolute pie. Just look at this mess."
FREE Register To Watch Full Movies!!! Click link to watch!! : #2009vs2019challenge #Spiderman #spidermanTH #Venom #Movies #Gillete #TuesdayThoughts #NationalHatDay #Girl #GilletteAd #TheFlash #Brexit #SDLive #BBB19 #Videos #bbb2019 #WayVisCOMING
A leading market analyst, referring to the Brexit “negotiations” said it has been: “…a bungling, internationally humiliating, economically suicidal shambles of such severity it would be hilarious if it weren’t so serious.” I disagree, that description is TOO FLATTERING!
Theresa May: Wasn't elected leader Lost her party's majority in an unnecessary General Election Suffered the worst commons defeat in history Judged to be in contempt of Parliament Faced confidence votes from both sides of the House Won't resign. Brexit has broken our democracy.
They haven't got a policy they are winging it ....no one trust's Labour with brexit hence why they will lose the vote tonight
It’s not brexit then is it as we clearly wouldn’t be “leaving the EU” as per the ballot!!!
I might have just tried to fuggn kill her tha fggn bbbb BITCCH but no com’ere no no look she’s ma besht fuggn mate aaaaaa
It takes a while, but eventually Sir Graham Brady gets into 's flow #Brexit #BrexitVote #pmqs #BrexitDeal #brexitdebate #wednesdaythoughts
I liked a video May loses Brexit vote - what happens next?
Interesting to see the official MotoGP Facebook page promoting this year’s British Grand Prix, not least given there’s still been nothing from the investigation into the track surface - a resurface is meant to happen soon - and fears of Brexit fucking with logistics.
Watching #Brexit with #EU colleagues like..
First time watching the British House of Commons live. Wildly entertaining:
Remainer Lords ‘will hijack Brexit and force Britain to stay in EU customs union’
The EU Brexit advisor on the C4 debate has already said Labour’s Brexit idea is Cake &amp; Eat It and would NOT be accepted... (As was always the case &amp; everyone already knew) You can only be in THE Single Market &amp; THE Custom Union The only choices are EEA/EFTA or #RevokeA50
Have no sympathy for May or her Government. The have connived and lied to the British people for nearly 3 years. Vote against her tonight and let’s get a new Brexit leader in place
Only until a free trade deal is sorted. Goods are cheaper outside the EU even with tariffs included supermarkets need to change tact and be proactive in sourcing produce. #Brexit #Leave
#brexit #brexitchaos #voteofnoconfidence #jeremycorbyn #labour #labourlosers Ok, so if the "vote of no confidence" outcome means there is no loss of confidence in the Conservative Government, surely by definition/default it means nobody wants Corbyn &amp; his cronies in power
Macron says it like it is #Brexit
The Big Picture - The Brexit Puzzle:
WATCH: Potential fallout after Theresa May’s crushing defeat on Brexit
Siri, please show me Labour supporters on twitter personified in an MP.
WATCH: Potential fallout after Theresa May’s crushing defeat on Brexit
FREE Register To Watch Full Movies!!! Click link to watch!! : #2009vs2019challenge #Spiderman #spidermanTH #Venom #Movies #Gillete #TuesdayThoughts #NationalHatDay #Girl #GilletteAd #TheFlash #Brexit #SDLive #BBB19 #Videos #bbb2019 #WayVisCOMING
Thank you Cosmopolitan Magazine for actually writing something which makes sense to confused people like me! #magazines #cosmopolitan #Brexit
Let's have Nicky Henderson's views on Brexit. That's all we're missing.
What if Michael Collins foresaw the Brexit vote and sent over Irish immigrants so that their children/grandchildren could vote leave. #HotTake #Boiling #Brexit
Ah right, so remind me again what brought Brexit to the table by Cameron in the first place, because the EU were so forth coming at listening to UK’s concerns, gotcha.
Brexit: How will tonight's vote of no confidence work? The government will today face a vote of no confidence after Prime Minister Theresa May's Brexit deal was rejected by parliament last night. But what is a vote of no con... via #breakingnews
Gold steady as firmer dollar counters political uncertainties Gold was steady on Wednesday as support for the metal stemming from uncertainty over Brexit and a partial U.S. government shutdown was countered by a firmer ... via #Business #Reuters
Theresa May has produced plans for a #Brexit Cheeseburger
I would suggest not just Jeremy Corbyn, but the whole Labour Party will be held to account. Time to be honest and just say Labour want Brexit and no second vote.
To whom are you speaking? I imagine to most Brexiters who do not speak any foreign languages and still believe they can go to retire in the EU after Brexit for sun and great health care. They will be angry to know they won't be able to as they will have lost Freedom of Movement.
BREXIT CONFUSION - KEEP CALM SAYS HOWARD! As Brexit confusion engulf's the United Kingdom the Manx Nation's 'Chief Executive' urges everyone to keep calm. Manx Radio...
No. The updates about brexit are awesome. (Also I've learned a fair bit about railways)
Brexit?
I agree
Had a fun talk with an older colleague at lunch today were we spent time talking shit about the job, what my plans for the future are, and how Tories are scum and Brexit was a mistake
DealBook Briefing: ‘Brexit’ Deal Fails; What’s Next for Britain? #USA #US #USBiz
As Brexit consumes all in the UK, take respite with a look at unbelievable thread.
Reminder Withdrawal Agreement is just to exit the EU. There's no definition yet on what the final deal will look like and we won't know that for years. Not just a "blindfold Brexit", this is #birdbox driving off the cliff edge. #peoplesVote #birdboxBrexit
But seriously, it's pretty easy for UK citizens to move here, at least until Brexit is finalized. If you're interested.
I really hope people supporting realize that he's still going to follow through with Brexit? And that if there's no deal you still leave the EU with literally no deal. I really want to know what you expect would come out of Theresa May's deal getting rejected
FREE Register To Watch Full Movies!!! Click link to watch!! : #2009vs2019challenge #Spiderman #spidermanTH #Venom #Movies #Gillete #TuesdayThoughts #NationalHatDay #Girl #GilletteAd #TheFlash #Brexit #SDLive #BBB19 #Videos #bbb2019 #WayVisCOMING
Britain is Ireland's oldest foe ...well that's not true ether ..cause Britain or Great Britain didn't exist until 1922..so the English were and still are our oldest foe
UK parliament to vote on Theresa May's Brexit plan
WATCH: Potential fallout after Theresa May's crushing defeat on Brexit Britain's Parliament voted overwhelmingly against May's plan to withdraw from the European Union, leading to confusion about what will happen next with Brexit.
Clear plan - hit the political pause button for one month. May steps aside (doesn't resign, just withdraws), cross-parliamentary committee formed with workgroups. Go offsite with a timeframe of two weeks to come back with a UK plan. Vote and modify. Go to EU and re-negotiate.
shocked to see that flights I only looked at yesterday have gone up nearly £400 overnight! It surely can’t be down to the brexit!
i dont claim to know much about brexit but the whole thing seems to have been a colossal waste of time
Brexit: MPs debate no-confidence motion after May's deal defeat – Politics live
Gotta say it again - Dominic Grieve is The Man #Brexit
Pound strengthens after parliamentary defeat leaves Brexit plan in tatters
Too much Chaos? How much Chaos is too much? How is Chaos measured? #NoConfidence #Brexit
Britain enters a period of rolling, daily crises with no end in sight. Remainers and Brexiteers alike are convinced that voting against May Deal takes them closer to their own desired outcome — One side is making a miscalculation of historic proportions.
Farage Slams PM May's 'Surrender Document' Brexit Deal, Demands Her Resignation: via
I am retired now at 70! I did not vote for Brexit, will never vote for Brexit and if we do leave, I will campaign to rejoin the EU. As I am Scottish, I at least have the option of an alternative.
UK parliament defeats Brexit deal
But you could get out the WTO for that. Under its rules, you obliged to have full control over your border. WTOxit too?
BBCNEWS 6:02am 11W A{Brexit deal dgfeated by 23O votes. . l “7
THAT BEING SAID They already don't have a real majority, so if every single Opposition party MP voted for the motion, INCLUDING the DUP cronies who aren't best pleased with the way Brexit is going, then it might actually pass, regardless of how loyal the Tories are
Blame the Brexiteers is a lazy argument used by the establishment to avoid the fundamental truth. They never wanted Brexit and believe that decisions like this shouldn’t be left to ordinary people
Good luck to the government who have to implement something that doesn't exist
How germany see the UK #brexit negotiation (video with subtitles for no german speakers)
Some Quick Notes on Post Brexit Vote Trade - Copy orders from successful traders and earn =&gt;
It's been 937 days since the Brexit vote and still no one has any idea what's going on. Instead of arguing we could have all watched Paddington 14992 times and just been happy.
What difference would it make? Brexit is a bit like playing Cluedo without EVER knowing WHO is in WHICH room or WHAT they are using for a weapon!! The only certainty is that there are hundreds of different candidates that millions of people would like to be the VICTIM!
In later years, when my kids ask me of my overriding memories of Brexit, wetting myself to the genius of 's writing will be top of the list
Spot on
I don’t see #Bloomberg winning #2020DemocraticPrimary but he had the best #Brexit quote, calling Brexit the “single most stupid thing a country has done — then we Trumped them.”
Ja! Eez all zee fault of zee Brexit Zee Britishers zay is all dumbkofts But Ift zay leev ze friggin EU Who zee hell are vee going to rip-off
Well, thank goodness for that!
WATCH: Potential fallout after Theresa May's crushing defeat on Brexit Britain's Parliament voted overwhelmingly against May's plan to withdraw from the European Union, leading to confusion about what will happen next with Brexit.
Russia REALLY wants Brexit to happen.
Yes project Fear
Ireland must now intensify planning for Brexit – FF
RealGilbert: RT 667ed: When RealGilbert does a better job than the UK Government. If we run out of orange wedges due to #Brexit we’re truly fucked.
Nailed it #Brexit #givemestrength #Chaos
WATCH: Potential fallout after Theresa May's crushing defeat on Brexit Britain's Parliament voted overwhelmingly against May's plan to withdraw from the European Union, leading to confusion about what will happen next with Brexit.
The best outcome for us and the EU is revoking article 50 as soon as possible. A PV might do that, a #GE won't and a Labour negotiated #Brexit is not going to be substantially different from a Tory one based on the red-lines Corbyn has announced.
Our action-packed newsletter this week: - #NoDeal #Brexit and #familylaw - #domesticviolence in court - #JeffBezos' split - #surrogacy in Israel - #Divorce in #SaudiArabia - #Divorce and #inherited wealth opinions, and more! --&gt;
I hate your country and your shit political system. Literally had like 20 classes about Brexit only. I've lost full
And now we see the victim complex phase of the #brexit cycle.
Catching up on #BBC campaign to overturn #brexit, telling No Deal 'catastrophic' &amp; 'cataclysmic' - uchallenged o/c, nor what Q wd be on his proposed ref2
The backstop is intended to remove the opportunities of brexit. To make sure our economy cannot become competitive.
Just switched off #TheresaMay droning on again about #Brexit in Parliament. The unmoveable in pursuit of the unobtainable.
there is no people of Ireland and ‘Northern Ireland ‘. There is just the people of Ireland . Start making moves for the ultimate unity of our nation . Don’t abandon Irish Nationalists in the 6 counties
Absolutely, UK’s overwhelming interest is to stick two fingers up at EU Commission &amp; mover towards #ManagedNoDeal #Brexit but in terms of all the friendly member states we’d be overjoyed to continue fair &amp; full trade arrangements via an extensive FTA. #StandUp4Brexit
It's a shame that Freddie Mercury isn't around to put that into the refrain of a hymn and perform it while standing on the top of London Eye, clothed with nothing else than european union flag underpants. Just to give it a proper frame. #FBPE
What's your mandate for it? A large chunk of brexit wants Empire 2.0 or a hayekian utopia. Then there's the 48% remain chunk, albeit lots of them tepid. By all means make a case and win majority support for it, but it's undemocratic to sneak it in by tricking right wing leavers.
If Jeremy Corbyn wasn't such a wingnut he'd be king by now.
BBC News - Brexit and no-confidence vote: Corbyn targets 'zombie government'
May’s Brexit Deal Failed. What Happens Now?
For all those waiting for a #WTO no-deal, bear in mind that the U.K. only has a WTO agreement AS PART OF THE E.U. The second we leave we’re a new territory and we’d have to renegotiate that too, no doubt with some sort of emergency stop-gap. #Brexit #BrexitChaos
Alternative ways to break Brexit deadlock
Yes we do. No it isn’t. Likely because it increased the odds of no Brexit at all, thank fuck.
Better Yet don't they understand that the EU doesn't care about its members? Why don't they thi j we're leaving in the first place?
Really??? You've changed your tune. #brexit #stopbrexit
Was he trying to prevent a hard or soft #Brexit?
The best place for that vile flag! #yellowvestuk #Revolution #GiletsJaunes #Brexitbetrayal #Brexit #Brexitmeansexit
#ERG obviously feel will run down the clock to #brexit day to a #nodeal - up to #remainers to break the deadlock by voting with tonight and using 14 days rule to elect a Remainer PM who would pivot to #Norway and win a house majority and 'f' the #ERG
I don't believe that it will, I think that most people agree Brexit was a massive mistake but hypothetically, why not?
What a smart arse - again totally dismissive of any concept of democracy. Cameron and Osbourne came up with this nonsense idea of a fixed term parliament to thwart real democracy despite unprecedented level of rejection of ‘s stubborn cack handed approach to Brexit.
Yeah you might have to queue up for a visa. Poor you. #Brexit
“To crystallise Brexit as a reality is to shatter its mandate.”
Enjoying amateur historians trawling through recent history to reveal the 'real reason' behind Brexit. I think if we're going to do that we should examine very closely the role of Eleanor of Aquitaine and her disastrous marriage to Henry II.
He (and colleagues) are always running away... #Brexit
WATCH: Potential fallout after Theresa May’s crushing defeat on Brexit
also, people see the two as linked? like I don’t believe any of corbyn’s commendable goals are achievable if we take a big economic hit post-brexit so it seems almost pointless him talking about them
Gauke relaying misinformation about #CustomsUnion, a CU is still a #Brexit redline #PMQs
While this still rings true I think its time for a new pinned tweet - I'm staking my (somewhat limited) reputation on there being a GE this year.
“May says people voted for Brexit because they felt people were not listening to them.” [And this is why she’s now refusing to listen to anyone?]
Brexit could mean no bread, Well delayed delivery, someone go protect Lidl in fortunestown
That's because Russia has been trolling Democracies for a solid 10 years now. Brexit has blown up, our government is shut down. Putin is sitting over there grinning from ear-to-ear...smh.
The Democrats should! Putin Engineered both Brexit and the government shut down. It should be a plank in the Democratic parties platform to force put an out of office. He is a gangster.
Make no mistake: The EU is continuing to negotiate with Theresa May, if only she'd listen via
There’s a platoon of junkies on my bus fresh out the chemist having an educated discussion about how Brexit means Gerrand will leave rangers and that’s why ‘the fenians’ will win the league, finish yer dragon soup and fuck up, nasa couldn’t built rockets as big as these
the real villain loooool
Most informed Brits understood all too well, but not the *Brexit* elite who have masterminded this shambles.
"We have the technology and ability to rebuild"...Again, I would point to the fact that it has taken 6 workers two weeks to put up some beacons for a zebra crossing outside my work. And it still isn't finished. Applying the same rate post Brexit, we'd be ok by the next Ice Age
If you want an insight into how the EU works and make up your own mind on Brexit watch this documentary - Paxman in Brussels: Who Really Rules Us... via
“May says people voted for Brexit because they felt people were not listening to them. That is why it is important to implement the result of the referendum, she says.”
City AM: Brexit deal defeat triggers huge uncertainty: what next?
May is proud of what her party has achieved!!!!! Proud people have died or are homeless. Proud of the suicides of disabled people. Proud of being held in contempt of parliament. Proud of losing her Brexit deal overwhelmingly. I see her point.
Only solution is a strong leader to stand up to Brexiteers and simply Scrap Brexit to Save Britain's economy, jobs and ability to influence...
Definitely worth a follow
#Brexit #PeoplesVote the word honesty and politicians, sadly seldom go together. In the chamber as I type MP'S talk about democracy. If YOU politicians didn't and still don't understand how far UK are intertwined with EU how the hell are the general public! Meaningful vote pleas
Why do people think that a "deal" will be available from the EU which treads on the EU 4 freedoms. You don't join a tennis club if you want to play football. A trade agreement would smooth the transition, makes sense but not essential #Brexit
Accurate observations from - Westminster is “the world most densely betwatted space” and Brexit is an “all-systems clusterfuck.” #BrexitShambles #Omnishambles #Brexit
#AdamBoulton : “... actually small businesses a lot of them quite like the idea of Brexit” can we have some examples of these small businesses that want to end up bankrupt Adam, a couple examples will do. #SkyNews.
the problem is with hardline remainers who have no honour after standing on a b Brexit manifesto ultimately want to remain and hand all power to Brussels so won't care about their Parliamentary position most of them are wealthy enough! Their aim is to stop Brexit. The people- WTO
Brilliant piece of work by #BrexitBorderlands - if anyone had any doubts about the importance of adhering to the #GoodFridayAgreement framework #brexit #BrexitChaos
But the front bench will not join them, because #Brexit is #CobwebCorbyn's dream.
New Vehicle Reg | Change of ownership | Renewal - 09090144706 Fani-Kayode Zimbabwe Falz Theresa May Kenya Brexit Nairobi Petr Cech
Theresa May has lost the vote on her #Brexit deal, but what does this mean for EU citizens in the UK and the #WhitePaper for a future #immigration system? Join , Supinder Sian &amp; James Wharton for a webinar on 24/1 to find out:
Spurs.
to funny that because of all her rubbish it is now law. The default position.. when we leave it should be indirectly thanks to this woman.
Cheeky of Frans Timmermans to quote the vicious Christian fanatic C S Lewis against the vicious Christian fanatic Theresa May
UK: markets muted on May Brexit defeat, but angst over path ahead
you and the crew made the Brexit article!
Corbyn is right – Brexit is what we make of it | Morning Star February 2018 (yes! Nearly ONE YEAR AGO!) #voteofnoconfidence #GeneralElection #Brexit #BrexitShambles #JC4PM2019 #JC4PM #WelfareRebellion #GTTO
I watched 10 minutes of the current no confidence debate and had to turn it off. May really is incapable of changing her stance at all, doesn't even concede to the idea of changing red lines or conditions. She literally just kept saying "the brexit the British people voted for"
Wow. Couldn't be clearer.
#Advertising is pleading with Theresa May to ditch the no deal #Brexit option as figures show it would lead to an ad spend recession
None of them want a general election and none want to be leader until Brexit is sorted #poisonedchalice
Europe markets calm after Brexit deal defeat, leaders urge Britain to find way forward
May fights new confidence vote amid Brexit bedlam
EMR: Brexit Product Manager - Fintech
I’m sure the turnout for my 1st #LancsEU #EULaw Seminar of 2019 is s cryptic comment on the ShitShow that is #Brexit. Can’t be anything else ...
But Brexit will be a bazooka to the head of the NHS. Now is the moment for Labour to step up and stop it. The missing piece of the puzzle is the Labour leadership.
BBC News - David #Cameron: I don't regret calling referendum. #Brexit
Amid Parliament’s Brexit rebellion, a tectonic shift in how Britain is governed # UK's governed by great pillocks.
Imagine 'The Thick Of It' right now, in the midst of this Brexit saga... British TV Satire Gold
EU ready to discuss new Brexit deal if UK changes 'red lines'
after Last nights Brexit vote caused Voters to distrust all members of parliament they treated BREXIT as a Kindergarten prank than political move to Exit EU Shows politicians act more like kids than grown ups
The EU calls for Brexit to be CANCELLED after May's crushing defeat via
Anything that says bloomberg on it, I wouldn’t trust the opinion of.....just sayin. They probably don’t have Brexit’s best interest at hand
Now what? Welwyn Hatfield politicians and business react to Brexit turmoil
#investmentagents keep doing those deals you are the only thing keeping the country afloat and if #BofE didnt like to speculate the cause well a significant factor is cheap pound due to #Brexit uncertainty, so we need the uncertainty to continue to keep the economy afloat
brexit
Yeah, but that's because he's an idiot.
the only option to avoid the binfire that will be a no deal brexit is a peoples vote. I'll say it now, I'll say it tomorrow and you bet I'll be saying it when we are all poorer, in chaos and the vulnerable in our society are suffering from the effects of a needless no deal brexit
Might have to move back to London...
. There is only one deal available which respects the referendum result, retains the integrity of both the United Kingdom and the single market and addresses the concerns of remain voters. That deal is the #Labour #Brexit deal.
For reference 7pm is the confidence vote- May thinks that if she gives the impression she will accept a softer Brexit the ERG may not support the government in the vote of confidence. The whole things is a bit of a charade today. Thursday is the day when Plan B can really begin
Belgian government releases extra cash for No Deal Brexit
lmao i can't stop watching the livr brexit bullshit holy hell the morbid curiosity is glueing my lil eyeballs 2 th pitiful eyebags and wrinkles of the grimacing Tories that yell and spit
May's Brexit Deal Stumbles in Parliament. Now She is Fighting to Save Her Government. via
Shocking indeed and in fact shameful. #brexit
Chamberlain seems a towering politician beside Theresa May.
Trading GBP During The Latest Brexit Stalemate.
YP Letters: Dangers for democracy if Brexit is ultimately blocked by MPs #Topbuzz
I think the only controversy is the terms of Brexit. Not Brexit itself.
Michel Barnier admits EU has never been so afraid of no deal and demands UK breaks Brexit deadlock - The Telegraph
There’s a bit of a move towards regarding May as a plucky British loser, tragic but heroic. But if she wants a true test of character, try relying on food banks or struggling on the hideous Universal Credit or spending a night on the streets because you’re homeless!
I so agree with you and those comments.
I cannot speak on the history of the border crossings in the western half of the border but from experience I can say that this history of the border crossings on the Louth-Monaghan/South Armagh area is minuscule &amp; underplays what actually happened at these crossing.
Local ‘Independents’ questioning Paul Flynn’s absence from the Brexit vote last night. 63,000 people unrepresented? I understand Flynn’s very ill and I genuinely do sympathise, however it is right to question why he hasn’t resigned yet, since announcing intention to do so in Oct.
Incidentally surely three-way ref would be AV system: so you'd have soft brexit as default anyway, with most picking it as their second preference.
Three quarters of the do not wish a second referendum so please stop with the bullshit propaganda
Mind you , the only good thing to come out of no deal might be the restoration of duty free; the good old days of a bottle of single malt Whisky for a ten quid. We’d need plenty of that to navigate going backwards in time to the 1970s.
#Brexit Chaos .... Europe's media reacts in horror to May defeat
Irish PM Leo Varadkar earlier: ‘We should never forget that Brexit is a British policy that originated in Westminster...We found a solution. That solution has now been rejected by Westminster. The problem now lies there’
British Lawmakers Vote Against EU Deal, Throwing Brexit Into Chaos
I was interviewed by the Guardian about Brexit this morning. My hot take - all I know is that lots more British people are learning languages on since the referendum, and that it's going to become an even more important way of staying in touch with Europe in future.
Well what did you think Lavrov would say?—Hell yes we’re celebrating Brexit?
This is also the position of Labour.. May cannot yield an inch as she knows the Moggies would topple her . The Tory remainers have repeatedly shown they lack the bottle. One solution is for the commons to remove control of Brexit from the PM.
Likely UK will stay in the EU by default. No Parliament majority what ever Brexit scenario or deal.
We might not quite be up to speed on the whole #brexit afair, but we sure know great things can still come from England ;) For example; these stunning Atkin Guitars!
Local MP calling for a second referendum.
This UK today whilst politicians fart about a Brexit that will leave more in this situation
Good line, but really it’s in this gov. If you want to broaden it out, it’s been called because Brexit is a plague on all your houses. TM loses the Tory party &amp; its supporters either way. Remain and a load abscond to UKIP. Leave and you’ll never win a GE on the economy ever again
PM is also claiming the last minute support Corbyn got in the 2017 GE was a support for Corbyn's brexit &amp; he is not denying it. She repeats it over in her replies, each time is sends Remain Labour running away from Corbyn. He says NOTHING! PM knows exactlywhat she is doing
Arrogant, self-serving, corrupt!
I think now that people have been able to see the #chaos its quite the opposite. #BrexitShambles. If we had a cross-party negotiation team made up of 5 4 and 1 we'd have a broad range from the 3 largest Parties in the UK to make a #Brexitdeal.
Lammy is brill on brexit but has also performed well on windrush and Grenfell. Comes over as a decent chap as well.
I believe it is 53 working days to go. #Brexit needs a transition if we are to avoid unnecessary paralysis of international supply chains.
Scotland WILL NOT WAIT ON UK CONTEMPT I will be Holyrood #Edinburgh tomorrow 11am-15pm to demand OUR EXECUTIVE SCOTS SOVEREIGN POWER Defend Scotland from British Nationalist danger OUR MANDATE #Indyref2 72 DAYS UK #BrexitChaos #DissolveTheUnion
Jeremy Corbyn really thinks he'll win if it goes to another election? #Brexit
i am one from milions immigrants. I want to ask why BRITISH goverment lying people about Brexit? They tell to Public we have kick off all immigrants from ouers country and you will be have jobs.. that was Nigel farrage . That why people voting to leave eu. 70 % People dont
So May's deal has been voted down yet she is carrying on with it anyway. Will this ever stop? #Brexit
That's if they don't just stuff the ballot boxes with fake 'remain' votes! It will be the final step in becoming a true banana republic! These traitorus remoaners should be rounded up and deported to brussels ASAP! #Brexit #TheresaMay #REMOANERS
This man was involved in an election campaign that was pro europe &amp; anti brexit &amp; was rightly destroyed in the vote. More cheek than a sumo wrestler.
Research Fellow , director of the at tells we've been 'wasting years trying to design Brexit, at the expense of local government.'
All this is achieving is convincing people that is a wrecker, unable to calmly stand up in a crisis/look for positive, constructive ways forward. It is simply wasting time whilst further exposing the fact that Labour has no credible policy on Brexit. #CommonMarket2
Brexit Special .
Corporate partner Richard Robinson : "With continued uncertainty surrounding our future relationship with the EU. Our Brexit team will be looking at some of the practical legal implications for businesses on our withdrawal from the EU."
Pimco does not see a scenario of hard Brexit - CreaWorldNews -
#ERG obviously feel will run down the clock to #brexit day to a #nodeal - up to #remainers to break the deadlock by voting with tonight and using 14 days rule to elect new Remainer PM who would pivot to #Norway and win house majority and 'f' the #ERG
Hi Zac. Well done matey: Lenin would have been proud of you for having helped to create the biggest political mess that the uk has ever faced. Job only half done. Next step full Brexit which will bring unemployment and the most left wing labour government the UK has ever seen!
If anything, this debate shows us how Vile the are and how little they care about the UK ... of even #Brexit ! To the Tories, being in power is more important than anything! If they had any responsibility or humility, they would resign, but, they won't. Bastards!
In #Italy we love our oustanding tradition in Commedia dell’Arte with #salvini and #dimaio now resembling Balanzone and Pulcinella, but the entire #UK #Brexit clusterf*ck is just a dramatic, delusional dystopia coming from oxbridge nostalgic, imperial, crass sense of entitlement.
. we can’t eat or bank your lies Don’t you see the blood on your incompetent hands ? Do one honourable thing put the country and Europe before YOUR self interest and #resign #GTTO #brexit #NoConfidenceVote #GeneraElectionNow
Damn, I'm missing it!!!!
Let´s #RevokeA50 and take time to decide our next step.
The #Brexit fiasco carries on as debates a confidence vote. Are both the &amp; only play for power &amp; not working for the country, using the #BrexitDebate as a weapon against the other? Are correct we need a #Referendum now?
Brexit in the
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
May says people voted for Brexit because they felt people were not listening to them. That is why it is important to implement the result of the referendum. Clearly this commitment does not extend to a democratic review through a people's vote.
he has financial interests that are massively ad odds with his supposed catholic ethics, he's weirdly nationalist, has demonstrable disdain for ideas of tolerance and inclusivity... fuck man just read about the cunt without just thinking about his stance on Brexit
WATCH: Potential fallout after Theresa May’s crushing defeat on Brexit
It's also a block to creating a fascist economy. That's a great strength of the EU, it blocks many shades of political nutter from having their way.
In later years, when my kids ask me for my overriding memories of Brexit, wetting myself to the genius of 's writing will be top of the list
She’s utterly useless. #Maybot
Appears PM will win debate despite her unworkable stance though. The worst of Interesting Times possible.
May's Brexit plan voted down, parliament to hold vote of no confidence
It isn't down to her, after such a historic defeat, on a flagship policy no less, the convention is: It is up to the people to decide what the national interest is in a #GeneralElection. #PMQs #politicslive #Brexit #NoConfidence
look, its tea and biscuits grieve......
Oh, the horror!!!
The reason Corbyn fails to put brexit first is because he hasn't a clue himself
Malton Station Taxis: Just for interest who wants to stay in the EU , who wants a no deal Brexit and who wants Theresa Mays deal ?
You might be putting cash back into the NHS, but you cut the services and the funding in the first place? #GTTO #GeneraElectionNow #JC4PM #BBCParliament #Brexit
Tim Blair: "Brexit, which is to the UK as power generation is to Australia: a solvable situation endlessly made worse by politics."
hmmmm maybe if we cancelled brexit we could focus on more important issues facing our country
What you said about MPs rejecting the Brexit deal - how Hartlepool reacted to the vote in Parliament
Of course wants the #brexit scrapped. They cater to, are the global elite. #infowars #AmericaFirst #maga
.Freedom of Movement is a wonderful Gift #Brexit #BrexitVote
Only a General election can extend Article 50!! And here is why... #Brexit #BrexitShambles #GeneralElectionNow #Article50
Treasury yields follow British gilts higher as market plays down chance of hard Brexit … MARKETWATCH January 16, 2019 at 01:15PM
LRB: The inability to convert Brexit into an agreed set of tolerable policies tells us something crucial about what sort of thing Brexit is: an ideal of withdrawal that is at odds with basic realities of government and politics.
#Brexit.It’s Hotel California “You can checkout any time you like But you can never leave.”
Yikes...
Also we're moving away from a regional trade bloc when the rest of the world are moving into trade blocks so we'd get steamrollered in all our trade deals Post Brexit anyway...
nytimes: Ordinarily, a prime minister would be expected to resign after suffering a big defeat on a signature bill, but Brexit has rewritten the rules of British politics, writes
How about admitting that the main donor of the Leave Campaign, linked to Russia, who paid £20m into it, is being investigated by the National Crime Agency for making an illegal £8m offshore donation which invalidates the referendum result?
Someone let a grown up into the room......
I think I was writing the other day that #Caddyshack was very reflective of the current climate around Brexit - aggressive, unfunny, ugly and polarising with a need for compromise that neither side seems willing to give. In short - one giant mess.
He is being consistent. He always has been.
The PM is in total denial shouldn't she be asking how poverty and homelessness and brexit can be addressed #MayMustGoNow #PMQS
In last night's Closer we provided a full rundown of yesterday's Brexit vote and likely paths forward for the UK. Very helpful and informative stuff. You can start a free trial here if you're not currently a Bespoke subscriber:
Obviously your Brexit principles don’t stretch as far as risking your marginal seat in a GE.
The European project isn’t in peril
Hi Mike, couldn’t be more wrong of you tried. A former WTO director thinks your point is a terrible idea so you must have not be very sensible unless you know more than him?
Brexit: How will tonight&amp;#039;s vote of no confidence work?
this is half glass empty. You apparently knew what was going on with Brexit up until now which is laudable.
sort out brexit and they will be...economy continues to thrive on every indicator
Labour MPs declare support for second Brexit referendum
Brexit group posts huge billboards of MPs’ quotes around Dover | Bailiwick Express UK
Brexit Live: Theresa May faces MPs ahead of confidence vote | Bailiwick Express UK
Here's the link to listen:
The impact of Brexit on the £, a point we were discussing yesterday! How does it affect holiday cash? #paper3
Michel Barnier admits EU has never been so afraid of no deal and demands UK breaks Brexit deadlock
Teresa May just painted a picture of #Luxembourg when she described all the #UK should be. #brexit #HouseofCommonsdebate #NoConfidenceVote #HouseofCommons
Irish Government Publishes Brexit Plans for Key Seaports
UK Commons to vote on Brexit deal on January 15
this morning: Reporter: "nobody understands Labour's Brexit position" Lab MP: "it is this..." Reporter: interrupt, interrupt, don't let LAB MP fully answer... Lab MP: "it is..." Reporter: interrupt, interrupt... Reporter : "Lab's Brexit position still isn't clear!"
1 Brexit thing: Second referendum looks more likely than ever - Axios
intensely welsh
" Boris Johnson – not so much a statesman as an Oxfam donation bag torn open by a fox –"
Brexit
Find myself in a Palace of Westminster Committee room today on Brexit with MPs. The screens of course show the House debating confidence in the Prime Minister. How to you prepare for the unknown?
Vote Leave cheated with illegal overspending. There is no democratic mandate for Brexit. Revoking A50 or a People's Vote are the only democratic options.
You are crude, uncivil. Ad hominem attacks get you nowhere and end conversations. I work in a Family Office. Our clients don't have financial or visa worries. Unlike your "friends" they haven't shorted Britain in expectation of Brexit &amp; profit either.
In a way I've really missed Camerons trademark "running away from the interviewer at the end of my point so they can't ask a mother question". He actually attempts one after the first question here, but he's out of practice. He finds his true old form by the end though #brexit
Hi Jeremy Well done matey: Lenin would have been proud of you for having helped to create the biggest political mess that the uk has ever faced. Job only half done. Next step full Brexit which will bring unemployment and the most left wing labour government the UK has ever seen!
Pound will remain volatile after Brexit delay hope sparks rebound, says Carney
#Brexit: #EU 'wants to know what #UK wants' (#REASON &amp; #FREEDOM #SIMPLE)
What to do now? Politics is changing. We must be on the front of that wave, or be consumed by it. There is a positive future out there - huge opportunities - if we get BREXIT right; let’s redouble our efforts, understand why people voted for BREXIT, and fight for it. On
. : General Election Would Mean Delaying Brexit Not Clear What Brexit Stance Labour Would Take In Election
Brexit deal disapproved by the Britain parliament.
Brexit: MPs debate no-confidence motion after May's deal defeat – Politics live
To be watched tonight: #Brexit on The Debate Hervé JOUANJEAN VICE PRESIDENT de CONFRONTATIONS EUROPE 7:10pm_8pm
Join FREE To Watch Full Movies!!! Click link to watch!! : #2009vs2019challenge #Spiderman #spidermanTH #Venom #Movies #Gillete #TuesdayThoughts #NationalHatDay #Girl #GilletteAd #TheFlash #Brexit #SDLive #BBB19 #Videos #bbb2019 #WayVisCOMING
The absolute state of this
Thanks Brexit
Vote in favour of ‘No Confidence’ in the government, it will force Theresa May to resign. The party needs time to reset and find a new leader. If May stays it’s either ‘soft-Brexit’ or ‘no Brexit’. A new pro-Brexit PM will win a GE by a landslide.
You need to face reality, Bob: The Conservatives are done, probably forever, &amp; Brexit is dead. The only chance you have to save your career is to vote no confidence and throw support to a national unity government if one is attempted. That’ll buy time to try and prove yourself.
Oh Jesus Christ, some people are still spouting the £39 Billion #Brexit Bullshit in ...
Couldnt think of a song that either rhymed with, or contained trotter! So I made this :D #Brexit #PeoplesVote #Farce
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK - CNNPolitics #SmartNews
Lavrov on Brexit: Russia will cooperate with UK and EU, whatever the outcome
I urge my followers to support this petition. Its a two minute task to register. Please then RT. 4823 so far
Well, just let them go and let it be a negative example to all the other member states. When they see how hard GB will fail, it will be quiet among the exiteers in the EU. You did not fail in the case of a hard Brexit. You only fail, if you make them too many promises.
Brexit vote: Why the landslide defeat of Theresa May's deal matters to the U.S.: OUR REPUBLICUNT CORP "KOCH"-SUKKAS' LARDAZZ AZZMINISTRATION IS ALREADY LOOKIN' FOR SOMEONE ELSE TO BLAME FOR THE COMING GREATEST DEPRESSION OF ALL TIME !!
I would say he's more pro brexit than May but doesn't have backbone to come out and say it publicly
UK: On course for a hard Brexit? - Rabobank via FXStreet #forex #fx
Lucky for the UK he is otherwise a Tory majority would have enacted and we would be living Mays brexit deal right now.
Hold a Second Brexit Referendum
I voted Brexit and I voted for Scotland to stay in U.K. , also grew up in London btw , I think you misunderstand my political stance completely , all I’m saying is labour will lose the vote tonight and then I’m interested to see what corbyn does
These are brilliant, just shows how little our politicians pay attention &amp; bother to understand the real world, not the fantasy that’s in their minds
exactly! The reasons underlying the brexit vote are complex. A second referendum will produce the same chaos that we've lived with since 2016
Not sure my #Italian word of the day is one I could use in my day to day, though who knows after #brexit when money is tight
This is really good for anyone who wants to explain #Brexit to non-initiated. Will use this for my #INTL4390 "European Politics" course.
Nor should he regret it: it was right, proper and democratic to do so.
How to kill the People's Vote movement:
As has been mooted long ago - there is a path to make NI only part of the EEA but the question is wrong. Uk signed up to GFA and Brexit - it is up to UK to resolve the issues if solutions from EU are deemed unacceptable.
Join FREE To Watch Full Movies!!! Click link to watch!! : #2009vs2019challenge #Spiderman #spidermanTH #Venom #Movies #Gillete #TuesdayThoughts #NationalHatDay #Girl #GilletteAd #TheFlash #Brexit #SDLive #BBB19 #Videos #bbb2019 #WayVisCOMING
Most Indian-origin MPs voted against May’s Brexit deal via
I think that was the problem, the politicians have sold Brexit like an easy thing to do. It is proving it is not. They can't just get on with it. It will take years. I wish it won't be a disaster but I'm worried about my future here.
Would people buy these as badges from my shop?
When you understand that #Brexit and it's deal are nothing else but #GreatBritain trying to secure all of the #EU's privileges without wanting to do anything for them in return. Just shows the degeneracy and selfishness of all the EU leaving movements
What does #brexit mean for #horseracing ? According to the #racingpost #nodeal is no good:…
Brexit math: Brexit's most fervent supports fear #2ndReferendum because they expect voters to reject exit &amp; embrace the EU
I was half expecting Tony Blair to pop his wee traitorous head up from behind that wall when Cameron said, 'I don't think it's going to be helped by me giving a running commentary.'
Can someone please explain what the f is going on with brexit because I have no idea and I’m ashamed
#Brexit #PeoplesVote the word honesty and politicians, sadly seldom go together. In the chamber as I type MP'S talk about democracy. If YOU politicians didn't and still don't understand how far UK are intertwined with EU how the hell are the general public! Meaningful vote pleas
The worse that will happen from the UK side is some EU citizens will have to get involved in some bureaucracy to settle post Brexit arrangements.
Only solution is a strong leader to stand up to Brexiteers and simply Scrap Brexit to Save Britain's economy, jobs and ability to influence...
If only we could bottle her stubbornness, we could sell it as a new export after Brexit.
Truth to power from a true anti elite Patrick Minford comrade of and Tax Payers elite crusader . Stick it to the man fellas #brexit
Slightly busy fighting Brexit at the moment, but happy to help where we can - PeoplePower!
Doesn't stop it being funny. Reminds me of Corbyn aiming to be PM
Soros suckling pig
Join FREE To Watch Full Movies!!! Click link to watch!! : #2009vs2019challenge #Spiderman #spidermanTH #Venom #Movies #Gillete #TuesdayThoughts #NationalHatDay #Girl #GilletteAd #TheFlash #Brexit #SDLive #BBB19 #Videos #bbb2019 #WayVisCOMING
Perhaps the only good thing about Brexit is that it inspires La Hyde to heights such as this. &gt; &gt; &gt; Welcome to the Westminster apocalypse. Have you thought about theocracy instead? | Marina Hyde
BrExit
And I'm sick of politicians saying "This is not the Brexit 17.4m people voted for." Did they interview each one? I don't recall No Deal, Norway plus, or Canada with unicorns being different options.
Crushing defeat for U.K. PM May's deal leaves Brexit path unclear
It was you hubby's birthday yesterday, did he give you a hard brexit or did he lose his confidence? x
#NSTnation: British High Commissioner to Malaysia said the strength and depth of the relationship between the two sides would endure, along with the ambition to build on it to deepen, broaden and strengthen the relationship. #Brexit
How The #Brexit Vote Could Affect Fintech And Diversity In London #BrexitVote #fintech #London #Banking #Finance
Jeremy Clarkson has not held back his thoughts on Brexiteers
Parliament rejects Brexit deal, leaving May to scramble for a plan B
Brexit Will Cost Irish Firms, Says Major Border #Forklift Maker Combilift made 6,000 forklifts last year and the raw materials used in their manufacture originates either in the UK or transits through the country Read More: #manufacturing
Troubling thought: The shutdown is a distraction. Relieve Russian sanctions, wait for a Brexit disaster, withdraw from NATO = Trump's real agenda. Notice that this aligns perfectly with Putin's objectives. Trump may get his Moscow Tower. Republicans? Anybody home? MAGA ???
We Only Want a Clean Brexit as Voted For. Leaving The EU &amp; Customs Union. We did not vote for any soft deal at all. Nether does anyone want a second referendum full stop. Get Real and Get Us Out of Europe and stop the EU dictating to the UK once and for all. Full Brexit Now.
At least it's taking my mind off Brexit.
The difference in mindset between leave voters &amp; remain voters. One is optimistic with a can do British attitude, the other has nothing to offer but FEAR
You're a sick joke! People voted in 2016 to end 'Impasse' and you scumbags got 12 MPs as THE Anti-Brexit Party, utterly pathetic.
Join FREE To Watch Full Movies!!! Click link to watch!! : #2009vs2019challenge #Spiderman #spidermanTH #Venom #Movies #Gillete #TuesdayThoughts #NationalHatDay #Girl #GilletteAd #TheFlash #Brexit #SDLive #BBB19 #Videos #bbb2019 #WayVisCOMING
Ireland readies 'mega' no-deal Brexit legislation package
That's the way forward, sir.
Thread
I love all these Romanian politicians talking about Brexit as if they have jack shit to do with it.
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK - CNNPolitics #SmartNews
I, too, would like to have a unicorn
GBP/USD Technical Analysis: Cable hugs 1.2850 as Brexit uncertainties unfold
No-deal #Brexit looks more likely than ever. Leaving the #EU without a deal would be disastrous for our #environment. Join me and sign petition urging party leaders to rule out a dirty no-deal Brexit.
“How did a principle belonging in the marketplace, of expressing dissatisfaction by departure, trigger the greatest constitutional crisis since ‘45? Viewed this way, Brexit isn’t so much a celebration of sovereignty or democracy as a new frontier in the marketisation of politics”
...which is rather less than the 100+ we were hearing about earlier.
UK PM May maintains her pledge to deliver Brexit ahead of no-confidence vote
Afer the biggest loss in parliament's history, PM showing absolutely no humility or willingness to adapt Brexit red lines. Meanwhile, Downing Street is insisting a customs union isn't consistent with their cross-party consensus plans. Not the faintest trace of a workable plan.
Hold a Second Brexit Referendum via
. for PM!
CEE leaders and analysts on the possible fall out from UK #Brexit debacle
Spanish government launches a website to warn about effects of Brexit
Keep speaking up for the UK Nigel
Netflix Price Hikes; Brexit Issues Continue; Walmart And CVS End Partnership
While all eyes are on Brexit (understandably) the pain of Universal Credit continues. Starting to see the impact of the gradual roll out in Northampton. 4 people at the food bank today had been taken off ESA and moved to UC. All now relying on food bank parcels until money starts
Theresa May's Brexit deal has been defeated. Now, to stop a No Deal Brexit, we need more time. I’ve signed the emergency petition calling for Article 50 to be extended or withdrawn. You can sign it, and sign up to hear more from , here:
Partner Ross Denton says businesses must make MPs and Government clear that protection of frictionless trade is a key priority #BrexitVote
Totally agree, we can no much keep them in the UK as they can keep us in the EU. If not over Brexit they will find another reason to leave the UK if they really want it.
Hold a Second Brexit Referendum #PutinWantsBrexit
Not going to mention Brexit, voting, political issues ever.... From now I am done.... No more votes for any of them.... Let them do what they bloody well want.... They will anyway.
Britain's economy continued to cool in the three months to November as a "steep decline" in manufacturing activity dragged on growth amid increasing #Brexit uncertainty. #Manchester #News #Economy
No deal hard Brexit to own the opposition.
Join FREE To Watch Full Movies!!! Click link to watch!! : #2009vs2019challenge #Spiderman #spidermanTH #Venom #Movies #Gillete #TuesdayThoughts #NationalHatDay #Girl #GilletteAd #TheFlash #Brexit #SDLive #BBB19 #Videos #bbb2019 #WayVisCOMING
Who's a silly, stubborn little piggie then?
Yes that is another option but what if Brexit wins again? We are now 2 months away from walking away with no deal. That, in my opinion is going to be more damaging than a government formed by Corbyn! May needs to go, and now, she is dragging the country down with her.
Here’s an idea. Let’s all vote for Jeremy comrade Corbyn. When he wins by a majority let’s wait 3 years without putting him in office and vote again in a general election? #brexit
Brexit uncertainty hits house purchases
Grieve proposes bills on a 2nd Brexit referendum #tictocnews
Piers! Piers! Give Us A Wave! Less of this Brexit talk more importantly who is going to win the English Premier League come end of May?? I'm a 'Citeh' supporter but think Liverpool can only lose it now.
Another smartly considered piece by on revoking and reconsidering: 'May’s defeat reveals the brutal reality of Brexit – let's revoke Article 50 and take time to decide our next step'
As much as I love the guy, Brexit sucks, so I hope this is how it plays out.
Theresa May's Brexit deal - Only Fools and Horses version - YouTube
Our dedicated Brexit Group with experts in all business areas will be keeping you informed ahead of #Brexit. Whatever your area of business, your concerns or new opportunities, our #BrexitHub can assist with knowledge, insight and commercial awareness.
#sciatica red: harvest 1998
A no deal brexit will be followed up by a post deal brexit. The sky hasn't fallen.
Humble Guy sticks his nose in. When will British politicians have the guts to stand up to the anti-democrats?
Movement conservatives w/a sovereignty fetish always run into simple businessmen. Brexit costs too much and they don't want to pay for it. Irony is your hopes now rest with Corbyn. Calling on May to "opt" for this or that is behind the curve
Internet explodes at news of Brexit result via Twitter needs to get over itself I think. Fkin babies
Join FREE To Watch Full Movies!!! Click link to watch!! : #2009vs2019challenge #Spiderman #spidermanTH #Venom #Movies #Gillete #TuesdayThoughts #NationalHatDay #Girl #GilletteAd #TheFlash #Brexit #SDLive #BBB19 #Videos #bbb2019 #WayVisCOMING
#Islam #Brexit #AFD #London Defending the Qur'an Where to start?
Theresa May omits Jeremy Corbyn from cross-party Brexit talks
Thanks for this
Freedom Come All Ye - #Scotland has choices - #BREXIT mess or #fREEDOM! Legend Dick Gaughan -
"May says people voted for Brexit because they felt people were not listening to them." That's why she established a commission to determine what people actually wanted out of.. wait no, she just claims whatever the f*ck she likes about why people voted, same as everyone else.
Additional freight trains Eurotunnel in case of no-deal Brexit |
They are all so spineless. So sick of these avoidance tactics. It's time to face up to reality - Brexit is going to be incredibly harmful and we cannot do it to anyone's satisfaction. Nobody is going to be happy, so let's admit it, cancel it, and get on with trying to fix things.
He is the most defended politician in Britain though when it comes to the young inner city hipsters despite being so clearly the most pro Brexit politician going. Personally think, publicly asking for his and others 2 pennies worth would go down quite well with the electorate.
Never ceases to amaze how Tory /Labour MPs in Scotland accuse of being against Brexit &amp; only interested in #Indyref2 Er...which part of EU ref result did these chumps miss?? Scotland voted REMAIN! spent 2 years negotiating with her own bloody party!!
Only a General election can extend Article 50!! And here is why... #Brexit #BrexitShambles #GeneralElectionNow #Article50
I’ll be lingering in the back of this tune in to say hi x
The worst part about Brexit is when it's inevitably overturned with a second referendum, all of the leave voters are going to be claiming "it would've worked" til their death
Old people shouldn't vote, says Jamelia: The Birmingham singer suggested the elderly should not have been able to take part in the Brexit vote - as well as a potential second referendum - as they will not be around long enough to live with the...
UK’s Seafish outlines guidance for ‘no-deal’ Brexit
Standing ovation for the EU
Democratic Britain descends into chaos, which only benefits dictator Putin. You can blame Cambridge Analytica and the Murdoch tabloids -- nice work, guys. #Brexit #CambridgeAnalytica #RupertMurdoch #WednesdayWisdom #RobertMercer #RebekahMercer
January 15, 2019 9:23 am Daily Market News: Brexit Vote Day and Ethereum - Leaprate Forex Trading News #Ethereum - Ethereum #ETH
Quick. Somebody gets Brenda from Bristol on the phone!!! #BREXIT #BrexitShambles
Ironic ? Gina Miller was right,Brexit is a crock of shit,We should have listened to her.
Does anyone remember being a kid and your mum asked you to make a cup of tea and you made it so badly hoping she would come and do it herself and never ask you again?? Ladies and Gentlemen I give you Parliament and Brexit!!! #Brexit
After being found in contempt of Parl last Dec., losing on a supply motion, and being defeated by a majority of 230 on the #Brexit deal, #UK’s gov may nonetheless survive vote of censure today. Incredible precedents for what counts as “confidence”.
Jacob we want May Out she the Problem she Arrogant not listen t anyone people have lost faith I Her , she never be up to the jobshes a walking Disaster nothing but trouble dice she got into No10. Our country needs stability now and a Brexit PM Cabinet I keep saying we need newEye
Also, can you specify which ones you object to that didn't originate from the WTO. The EU has to pass those onto all members. Brexit will just mean we get them direct. #TakeBackWhatControl?
Irish PM denies having secret no-deal Brexit plan for border checks +1 EuroBot #europe #politics
DO NOT VOTE FOR THIS MAN
Donald Tusk says Brexit deal looks impossible #Topbuzz
#Gold Holds Steady Over €1,100/oz - Increased Possibility Of A Disorderly Brexit
I'm noticing a few foreign interested parties popping up now to try to nudge the UK toward a chaotic no-deal exit just when it looks like Brexit can be killed...
The worst thing for who, Theresa? #brexit
Exactly we have far better things that we need to hold govs feet to the fire over. Brexit wether EEA WTO Canada all need customs docs. So we need lorry parks &amp; sort out roads to ports. But we needed these things even as EU members so much laziness. EU out 1st then sort Lords/MPs
No kidding #brexit #queen
Ignore the blindingly obvious and crack on. 100% pure Brexit strategy.
There won’t be a box w hard Brexit
When Trump said ‘so much “winning,” he clearly meant “so much winning for Putin” Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
Not a great argument. When has the EU EVER stopped the UK from doing something left wing? The moderating influence has always been stop right wing extremism on workers rights. There is no 'Lexit'. Brexit is a right wing project that needs to be opposed by the left.
A second referendum strikes me as the worst of all possible worlds. Parliament asked voters to decide something it couldn't on its own. A better course would be to take responsibility and reject Brexit than going back to the voters and saying "try again."
GBP/USD Technical Analysis: Cable hugs 1.2850 as Brexit uncertainties unfold #GBP/USD
I actually wanted Brexit updates because it's shutdown 24/7 around here and listening to your nation's cock-up is a break from my own nation's cock-up. And because I'm rooting for y'all.
In this historic week (nobody say #Brexit), why not read this week’s #BookoftheWeek? In this week’s pick, Bill Bryson is set to take you through A Short History of Nearly Everything!
Its not so much May ; its Brexit
I cannae move bro haha for fuck sake fucking cunts honestly! Gusranteed at least two wearing a fake stone island fleece. Haha Hope your well champ.
January transfer window #news &amp; rumours LIVE: Brexit could force Gareth Bale out of Real Madrid – Is Gonzalo Higuain too old for Chelsea? The London club are reluctant to sign players via #englandfootball #FIFA
Every UK politician: "There were many reasons why people voted for #brexit... but I'll pursue my own interests as the priority." #NoConfidence #PMQs
NOTHING HAS CHANGED! EU Referendum reminder.. By constituency: 406 Leave, 242 remain By voting area: 263 Leave, 119 remain By party: Labour 148 Leave, 84 remain. Tory 247 leave, 80 remain No Brexit No democracy BTW #Remain wiped out
Why would the people of Britain be okay with a second vote? Insane
Germany doesn't see EU giving Britain major concession on Brexit #Topbuzz
Brexit is not the only issue,
I said republicans.. sdlp hanna again !! Alliance long again !!! And off course millar again !! 1 person who voted for Brexit Alex and he doesn’t even believe in Brexit, let’s face it you the bbc are as basis as it gets ...
"Brexit is ... not tearing apart the EU as expected, but rather, is tearing Britain apart." Opinion: Brexit likely to be Britain's greatest disaster Astute commentary from
Is Mogg really proposing that there's no need for any checks between UK &amp; EU once we've left? Does he really have so little understanding of how international trade and standards work? Probably too much to ask him to read this:
Brexit?
Why would anyone believe they are going to honor a vote the second time? Is the goal to keep voting until the #EU gets the result in their favor.? #Brexit
Great thread for the thinking individual
You think FactCheck is part of a pro-Brexit fifth column?
All it would prove is that Parliament views the people with utter contempt. If they had any decency at all most of this shower would resign alongside Theresa May. The reason we are at this point is because our MPs put their loyalty to Brussels ahead of their duty to us. #Brexit
I am really getting fed up of the Labour party, calling for a General election, it won`t solve the Brexit crisis. I would never vote Tory, I will not vote Labour as I don`t like Corbyn as a leader. So if we do have a General election I will abstain. #NoConfidencein..
NOTED: 'The Guardian view on May’s Brexit deal: it’s over, but what’s next? - “Having your cake and eating it” is the Brexiter attitude that encapsulates this inability to think in terms of costs and benefits' | Editorial |The Guardian
Extraordinary that trumpets equal marriage as one of her Govt’s achievements while her partners in Govt, and deny this right in NI! #pmqs #NoConfidence #Brexit #BrexitShambles #BrexitDeal #BrexitShambles
BBC News - Alternative ways to break Brexit deadlock
Can’t do that, it’s illegal under wto to threat any country differently on basic wto schedule. Already your plan falls down
#ERG obviously feel will run down the clock to #brexit day to a #nodeal - up to #remainers to break the deadlock by voting with tonight and using 14 day rule to elect a new Remainer PM who would pivot to #Norway and win house majority and 'f' the #ERG
Brexit and no-confidence vote: Corbyn targets 'zombie government'
Government ‘sneaks out’ £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote
Gotta wonder how much $$$ exchanged hands to all those that betrayed May.// EU calls for Brexit to be CANCELLED after May's crushing defeat
Entirely too much Brexit talk at the moment revolves around the survival of various political parties - arguably the least relevant concern short of who should provide the napkins for the 'We Done Fucked It Up' party.
Just scored my first 80 on my journalistic portfolio hand in. It's going to be hard to wipe this huge grin of my face for a while- even with all this #Brexit mess going on! #hardworkpaysoff
Utterly shameless, manipulative liar, will say whatever she thinks she needs to to hold onto to position / power...
Anyone who says a #GE would cause chaos, or a #Peoplesvote would cause chaos, or even that #Brexit would cause chaos, must be curiously insulated from the chaos the Tories have inflicted on the country since 2010. #NoConfidence
Brexit Special .
Brexit Borderlands | The Irish Times
Sad thing is that Corbyn’s constant calls for a general election has ruined his chances of winning the next general election. There is no choice for Brexit AND no choice for the government.
Change leader with anyone you like, they will never get any more joy than Mrs. May has....There are too may people who think they know best and want things done their way and the result is the chaos we see now and would see with a fresh negotiator from any party.....
It's quite hard not to laugh in disbelief listening to #NoConfidenceVote; it bears no relation to reality. #Brexit
'May’s defeat reveals the brutal reality of Brexit – let's revoke Article 50 and take time to decide our next step'
If you are a remain-ish MP today, do you work toward a customs union or single market Brexit, or push for a new referendum? Former is half a loaf and all cost / no benefit compared to status quo, but latter risks leave winning again and a hard, irreversible Brexit.
Forget Brexit for a moment Climate change is the big issue, pic below shows fruit bats in Australia literally cooked alive in temperatures approaching 50degrees. In areas 1/2 pop have died due to heat stress. Humanity needs to wake up &amp; soon otherwise this fate will be ours.
I have asked vets to put down pets in better shape than this government #brexit #NoConfidence
His is the most qualified British politician to a LEAD a BREXIT . Fact
No, Tulip Siddiq being forced to delay giving birth for the Brexit vote is not OK, says HackneyDoula #BrexitVote #Brexit #MeaningfulVote — Stylist Magazine (StylistMagazine) January 16, 2019 StylistMa…
For everybody interested to see what Brexit is all about
Exactly why would the EU take the blame for a decision of the UK parliament. you sound like a bold child throwing a tantrum, #Brexit
We Only Want a Clean Brexit as Voted For. Leaving The EU &amp; Customs Union. We did not vote for any soft deal at all. Nether does anyone want a second referendum full stop. Get Real and Get Us Out of Europe and stop the EU dictating to the UK once and for all. Full Brexit Now.
when someone says "if parliament can't agree on brexit (which it never will majority remain mps) then the obvious thing is put it back to the people" i really wish people would say fine mays deal or wto! That sorts out parliament deadlock!
Scrap Brexit! Just fucking cancel the whole thing!
Belgian girlfriend on Brexit “Does this mean a you will have a revolution? Will you kill the Queen?” Bloody Europeans, eh.
What a joke - demands a General Election so he can supposedly negotiate a better Brexit deal, yet Labour now refuse to say whether they will actually support leave or remain in the manifesto for said election!
Citizens’ rights in the event of a 'no deal' Brexit #
From here to obscurity: The Maybot, zen-like, finds comfort in the certainty of defeat | John Crace
FUCK just heard about the latest Brexit vote. you're a ill advised cunt fuck you and your so called "people's party"! #TheresaMay #TheresaTuesday #newlaboursajoke IS a cunt?
Cannae wait tae get rid of bbc and the tories . Oh and labour . #IndyRef2 #Brexit
And recovery after the war depended on American loans.
If a Customs Union is enough to get Labour to compromise it just shows how Hard Brexit their position is.
Inflation is pretty much bang on target, much to the annoyance of remainiacs who want the poor to suffer from higher inflation because they hate them, because so many of them voted for Brexit, remainers want rather the poor were poorer than Brexit was successful.
Brexit. #ThingsThatAreBadForYourHealth
At people’s vote rally at parliament yesterday I was surprised that Corbyn received a positive-neutral reaction from pro-EU crowd as compared to May. Given he is committed to delivering Brexit, any idea why this might be?
I wish this could be a real thing. How fascinating would that be!! #nerdalert
This thread:
“It’s the sort of mess that Greece would get into. The feeling across the media, with the exception of the eurosceptic press, is that London should reconsider other options, like putting the whole idea on hold.” #RevokeA50 #RevokeRemainRebuild #FinalSay
The complexities of the Brexit Withdrawal Agreement explained and their implications.
Steve Hilton: Original intent of Brexit - restoring freedom and sovereignty - buried by inept bureaucrats #FoxNews
This argument makes 0 sense. The best chance they have of getting the scottish people to support independence is a no deal brexit...
Twat.
Come i jilet gialli vero?
Stratford Politics Update is out! #politicslive #brexit
David Cameron says he does not regret calling Brexit referendum
Yeah just ignored the millions of lab voters and the poor then. I'm a shaky remainer but you seem he'll bent on ignoring the causes of brexit. Austerity and it's still happening
Interesting to hear from real people re Theresa May and Brexit.
The latest Your Innovation Dosis by ! Thanks to #brexit #brexitvote
I hope government officials have been claiming lots of luverly overtime for this extra work brexit has brought on. Imagine having to do brexit AND their day job!
pls what ever you do but dont vote for Britainism welfare of English man lads #Brexit #BrexitVote
#10yearchallenge 10yrs ago: I tweeted about climate change, Paolo Coehlo novels, the movie E.T, clasfic paintings in LEGO form 10yrs later: I tweet about Brexit menu orders, Weicheier and Currywurst
This is, simply and factually, untrue. Her red lines were not on the ballot. If the PM believes people will support her #Brexit deal, then all she needs to do is put them to a #PeoplesVote to find out. Democracy is not based on what someone thinks we think, but on voting.
How Europe reacted to Brexit deal defeat
The #EU should have kept to being a trade deal and stayed away from social engineering. Who am I kidding, Social Globalism was always the long play. #NoDealNoProblem #Brexit anyway.
BBC News - Brexit vote: Donald Tusk hints UK should stay in EU
I'm talking about #Brexit. In my opinion, that's the main cause of the whole problem.
Brussels, Belgium | AFP | The EU and European governments have warned that the British parliament's rejection of a Brexit deal heightens the risk of a disorderly withdrawal from the bloc. Following are...
This is disingenuous. The UK is entirely capable of leaving the EU. The question is how Brexit should be implemented - and wishing the complexity of that issue would just go away is no answer.
Even Twitter sick of Brexit it wouldn't send the last one
With all the commotion around today, We feel that we are more secure then Brexit. Contact and find out more on how we can help secure your events or business #NoConfidenceMotion #securityservices #dynamicsecurity #uksecurity #businesssecurity
This is me agreeing with a spurs fan.
Easy, Mr Shatner. The equivalent of Trump supporters want Brexit. The rest of us don't.
Stopping Brexit, Delaying Brexit, A No deal Brexit, A General Election and a second referendum all have potential advantages and ramifications. The phrase stuck between a rock and a hard place comes to mind. #brexit #BrexitShambles
I have a plan to be the command module pilot for the first mission to Mars. Probably more realistic.
As always these codes are open to cynicism , Brexiters could argue they are upholding the faith of their Leave voting constituents by forcing Brexit through Parliament.
Dumbass
“If we want Brexit to happen it is now time to seek compromise."
Everything you need to know
Leave will not fix our eu export market that will collapse and bring us all collapse after we leave, again hard brexit is the emergency exit suitable when and only completely in a european collapse catastrophe, that might not happen, if we all fix it, But it certainly might!
Petition: Brexit re article 50 it must not be suspended/stopped under any circumstances
My words exactly
So with a #GeneralElection a possibility, why do I have to choose between an MP I like, and a government I don't? It's almost, almost like we don't vote for the executive in the UK. But that would be madness. We've established the #EU is a dictatorship for that... #Brexit
. or : smear artist if the smearee is a WOC. Her position re Brexit and the fraudulent, Russian influence on proponents like herself is sadly underresearched. Putinversteher with one hand, "CitizenJourno" with the other.
Except failing your own party and public in general on Brexit is 1000x times worse than the bloody tuition fees. And unlike Clegg, it's not down to any compromise to govern &amp; achieve other objectives. It is Corbyn's choice alone.
May’s Brexit Deal Failed. What Are the Options Now?
Applause for you Nigel Farage, well said, if only you'd have been in charge of Brexit....
Brexit: No-deal would hit Danish bacon and butter exports to the UK, says OECD #Topbuzz
Putin is directly responsible for both of these situations: BREXIT in Great Britain and TRUMP in the US. This former KGB agent figured out how to bring down two of the most stabilizing forces in the world. More power to him.
A must watch on #Brexit
Piers shits on Linekar. Little do they know, both of them are twats
UK Prime Minister has wasted an incredible amount of time after the #Brexit referendum. Now she wants to panic the British into another bad deal, don't let her.
Have they the will to stop it. I think too many would be happy with it. Corbyn would revel in the backlash against the Tories and seems more keen an by brexit than none at all.
And there will be riots if Brexit goes ahead. 74% of the population of Scotland want to stay in the EU.
have faith in the UK and take comfort that, with a WTO Brexit, when the going gets tough for German industry, if not Eire farmers, will ensure an EU fudge for Eire/NI border, in order to facilitate a proper UK wide “Canada+++” FTA before 31-12-2019!
Is Macron the white Khan sticking his nose in British politics while Paris burns khan does the same while London becomes a cesspit of crime and knife attacks
At the moment I think Brexit is also a priority.
Look at how Doug Ford #fordnation is destroying Ontario...
In #Italy we love our outstanding traditional Commedia dell’Arte with #salvini and #dimaio now resembling Balanzone and Pulcinella, but the entire #UK #Brexit clusterf*ck is just a dramatic, delusional dystopia coming from oxbridge nostalgic, crass, imperial sense of entitlement.
This is why we are in this mess. Party politics should have taken a backseat to Brexit in 2016 but the Tories refused then and now to allow all parties a day in the deal. This is why we are in this mess!
This is correct, I think
Donald Tusk says Brexit deal looks impossible
"Stockpiling could be a key tool in dealing with the effects of Hard Brexit"... Read more in latest #Brexit article
Michel Barnier insists rejected Brexit deal is still ‘best compromise’ Hey Mr. Barnier, the UK government didn't listen to it's own people. What makes you think they'll listen to you?
err.. gilet jaunes of course nothing to do with French politics. 5 Star nothing to do with Italian politics. Merkel resigning nothing to do with German politics. Its all to do with Brexit for sure
Listening to May in Parliament, arrogant and robotic, and saying the same old things as if her massive defeat yesterday hadn’t happened. #Brexit
I am so sick of hearing this sophistry that 80% voted for brexit! Our electoral system is so CRAP that they have little choice. Labour and Cons shld man-up; and let the PEOPLE take back control of the UK with proportional representation! Give ppl a REAL choice! #NoConfidenceVote
Brexit vote: Why the landslide defeat of Theresa May's deal matters to the U.S..
#Brexit: MPs debate no-confidence motion after May's deal defeat – Politics live | Politics | The Guardian
Genuinely wonder how Brexit is going to affect our and the next generation's views of the political class and engagement with politics in general (putting aside that we're all going to be dead to climate change in 30 ears).
Leave with no deal. The stall is pathetic. The people’s vote on Brexit was ignored by their elected officials. Exit without a deal. The ultimate deal after exiting will be much better than being in the EU. Don’t listen to the fear mongers. Be strong and go for it.
Brexit Shmexit… #London’s entrepreneurial spirit continues to prevail in the face of #Brexit uncertainty… More than 216,000 new businesses were registered in the capital last year, a 6.5% increase on 2017!
Join FREE To Watch Full Movies!!! Click link to watch!! : #2009vs2019challenge #Spiderman #spidermanTH #Venom #Movies #Gillete #TuesdayThoughts #NationalHatDay #Girl #GilletteAd #TheFlash #Brexit #SDLive #BBB19 #Videos #bbb2019 #WayVisCOMING
Words that are devoid of real meaning when what is needed is a decisive policy
The Brexit Saga Is Far From Over - Here's What Analysts Are Expecting Now
Despite growing by just 2.7% in 2018 as Brexit fears slowed the market, the total value of UK housing stock increased £190 billion to hit a record £7.29 trillion! Read More: #ukhouses #ukproperty
that would certainly make a change from arguing over #Brexit
Don't forget that Betty Boothroyd is the first (and so far only) Speaker of the House of Commons. And, when she was in her 60s, took up paragliding to stay fit.
USA Vladimir PUTIN/Russia is getting from Traitor Trump &amp; Britain/Brexit EVERYTHING he ever WANTED!
Someone show this to Sammy
Join FREE To Watch Full Movies!!! Click link to watch!! : #2009vs2019challenge #Spiderman #spidermanTH #Venom #Movies #Gillete #TuesdayThoughts #NationalHatDay #Girl #GilletteAd #TheFlash #Brexit #SDLive #BBB19 #Videos #bbb2019 #WayVisCOMING
And who’s to say 2 years into Brexit your business won’t be turning over 50% more than it is now?
New theory: anyone who types "Brexit" in full caps on purpose is not to be trusted.
"Take a second look, May urges MPs before Brexit vote" -
Brexit Borderlands: explore the EU's newest land frontier, Britain's oldest problem and Brexit's biggest obstacle -
#ERG obviously feel will run down the clock to #brexit day to a #nodeal - up to #remainers to break the deadlock by voting with tonight and using 14 days rule to elect a new Remainer PM who would pivot to #Norway and win house majority and 'f' the #ERG
Hi Chuka, the reason May has failed to push through the agreement is precisely down to trying to please everyone, a car cannot hypothetically travel forwards and backwards at the same time without splitting up. Logically there should have been a fully conducive Brexit agreement.
Partner Ross Denton says businesses must make MPs and Government clear that protection of frictionless trade is a key priority #BrexitVote
. There is only one deal available which respects the referendum result, retains the integrity of both the United Kingdom and the single market and addresses the concerns of remain voters. That deal is the Labour #Brexit deal.
May’s Brexit Deal Failed. What Happens Now? via
PREACH
We need a change John but we still have brexit to get through a no deal is not an option Theresa May deal will lead to more people going to a food bank with no rights for workers a cunning plan to get rid of unions
What an utter arsehole. With MP's like that, no wonder is 4 points behind the chaotic and shambolic screw up that is this government. You're more interested in talking about what happened years ago, rather than do something to stop this #BrexitShambles
What a total arsehole Richard Burgon is.
Also, where the hell is David Cameron in all of this lmao. He started it and he's just run off. #Brexit
THEN DONT LEAAAVE
Brexit dur ou Brexit mou ?
I don't remember "omnishambles" being an option in the #Brexit referendum. #BrexitVote #BrexitShambles
Join FREE To Watch Full Movies!!! Click link to watch!! : #2009vs2019challenge #Spiderman #spidermanTH #Venom #Movies #Gillete #TuesdayThoughts #NationalHatDay #Girl #GilletteAd #TheFlash #Brexit #SDLive #BBB19 #Videos #bbb2019 #WayVisCOMING
This is the nasty cold complacency of Macron
Read through this morning's #Brexit shit, and am now playing 'Everyday Is Exactly The Same'. That's how happy I am. #NIN
Corbyn has to be seen to be doing something while he waits for brexit to happen. Never mind the 75% who want to Remain, they are exendable foot soldiers as he plots his way to EU-free, socialist Nirvana
referred to this mindblowing quote from David Davis and I couldn't believe it so I checked, and I have no words
The ERG don't run the country. They did not win Brexit on their own. They need to come back to reality - either be a part of the compromise or put no deal to the masses in a new referendum.
Fair enough, but you need to be more worried about the ones on your own party.
Not according to the head of wto , head of calais port has said no delays if no deal , so i see you like media project fear , suppose you have bought a brexit box for £300 lol
Do please come. We have an interesting panel set up and some exciting break out sessions
Who cares, she's already admitted she's only about herself. She voted to have the Brexit vote only because she never thought leave would win. That's what she said.
isn’t getting tired of people getting tired of brexit in itself getting tired of Brexit. :)
Can you imagine.... No #brexit and Corbyn in government?
Steve Hilton: Original intent of Brexit - restoring freedom and sovereignty - buried by inept bureaucrats #FoxNews
Just look at the smug faces and the cheery banter on the Government benches. Our lives are a joke to them. #Brexit #politics #leaders #PMQs #NoConfidence #news
Fantastic from Marina.. 'As for the more provisional wing of the People’s Vote, we no longer need to computer-model the answer to the question: what would happen if you gave everyone on Henman Hill crystal meth?'
#Historian: #Queen #ShouldSuspend Parliament to Stop Anti-Brexit Plots #TheresaMay
I expect the Black Celebration &amp; Music For The Masses &amp; Violator boxes to be so essential, that we’ll have to own them even if it means selling our surviving children’s bodies to the Northumberland Brexit Warlord Meat Processing Outpost 38.
Hilarious xD PMQs: Theresa May faces questions after Brexit deal defeat via
I have easy solutions for Brexit and Trump. 1. Brexit - Hold a second vote. 2. Trump - Hold a vote on impeachment and then convict.
Maybe Lexi talking to her mum.... #thearchers #brexit
Oh dear.
#Brexit #PeoplesVote the word honesty and politicians, sadly seldom go together. In the chamber as I type MP'S talk about democracy. If YOU politicians didn't and still don't understand how far UK are intertwined with EU how the hell are the general public! Meaningful vote pleas
Wow, that's tough from Macron on #Brexit. Bonne chance, #UK
UK BREXIT ROMFORD - NEW SOUNDBITES Residents of Romford, a town that voted strongly to leave the EU in the 2016 referendum, remain defiant, a day after parliament voted down the government's Brexit plan. STORY #4191354
Finally the UK unites! If not about #Brexit then at least about the height of #letterboxes. #raisethebox
BREAKING: BREXIT VOTE FAILS BY 230 VOTES -- UK's Theresa May Loses in Landslide via
This whole Brexit thing is like watching two kids panic, denying they broke the window. But it clearly was them that broke the window.
Parliament Rejects May's Dog's #Brexit #tcot #BrexitVote #BrexitShambles
Yesterday and today our BBC show #beyond100days has made way for live coverage from Westminster. This means I’m left with the task of explaining Brexit to US audiences on MSNBC. #loveachallenge
Apart from if it doesnt win the no confidence vote then it's the govt that implements whatever. I can believe an MP is this disingenuous! Is it just to get on BBC? The govt holds responsibility for implementing Brexit they at any time can offer 2nd ref too!
And also what Brexit means! No customs union? No single market? Norway? Norway +++ (whatever that is)? “Delivering what the people voted for” is a hollow slogan
but Lee haven't Northern Ireland businesses already provided clarity that they are willing to accept the Withdrawal Agreement, despite the backstop? In fact I haven't seen any backlash to the backstop from NI business
(Daily Express):Brexit WARNING: Varadkar urges businesses to #TRIGGER no deal Brexit plans #NOW : IRELAND has announced it is now implementing its no deal plans to prevent being “severely” impacted by Britain's exit from the ..
Brexit and no-confidence vote: Corbyn targets 'zombie government'
Thoughts on #EUR via
I voted Remain and it is very clear to me, the only reason to ask for a second referendum now is in the hope it will cancel Brexit altogether.
This is what a second referendum would mostly look like.
#Brexit Britain this morning: "OK campers rise and shine, and don't forget your booties 'cos it's cold out there today"
Brexit latest news: Theresa May refuses to rule out extending Article 50 with PM on course to win… #News #Politics
Once a colony,always a colony.
Is it worth looking to see if we can sue this guy?: BBC News - David Cameron: I don't regret calling referendum
Stephen Fry Narrates Two Animated Videos Explaining How Fear, Loathing &amp; Misinformation Drove the Brexit Campaign via
Seriously?!?
It will be interesting to see how the EU dissimulates their U-Turn on "no renegotiation", I predict: 1. It's just "clarification", then 2. It's just an "interim measure" to "avoid a cliff-edge" 3. It will be replaced by the FTA anyway #LetsGoWTO
WATCH: Potential fallout after Theresa May’s crushing defeat on Brexit
Exactly this. It was so ambiguous aside from the remain option which is obvious. If you claim you knew the deal you voted for, that means you voted for May’s deal because that is what you got.
After the historic defeat of May's #Brexit deal, sees a second referendum as the most likely outcome. Chance of no deal Brexit minuscule. The other options are outlined in 's excellent piece at
The latest The giovanni dall' olio Daily! Thanks to #brexit #barbaradurso
#10yearchallenge 10yrs ago: I tweeted about climate change, Paolo Coehlo novels, the movie E.T, classic paintings in LEGO form 10yrs later: I tweet about Brexit menu orders, Weicheier and Currywurst
Ben Harris-Quinney on May's Historic Brexit Withdrawal Bill Defeat via
Brexit in dates: From Leave shock to parliament's historic vote
I can't wait for later when she starts trotting out "Brexit means Brexit", "strong and stable" again.
This....is depressing. Particularly given American elites' role in Britain's predicament. #brexit #bannon #trump #badboysofbrexit #CambridgeAnalytica
Join FREE To Watch Full Movies!!! Click link to watch!! : #2009vs2019challenge #Spiderman #spidermanTH #Venom #Movies #Gillete #TuesdayThoughts #NationalHatDay #Girl #GilletteAd #TheFlash #Brexit #SDLive #BBB19 #Videos #bbb2019 #WayVisCOMING
right,, gotta do my news report now. it’s basically only going to be about brexit and the orange twat
Corbyn won't, He wants Brexit. Just his own deluded version of it. If Labour were to promote remain either Corbyn would have to go or the party would have to fracture
Ireland readies 'mega' no-deal Brexit legislation package
Tory Brexit MP’s should vote against her it’s the only way to replace her with a Brexit leader
Hoped to get the cancer all clear in time for my birthday tomorrow. Instead universe has given me weather warnings and treatment options. On the bright side it does distract me from the Brexit omnishambles
The vast majority of the UK voted to leave the UE. We didn't ask for the EU's permission to leave and we don't need it now. Great Britain was great before joining the EU and we shall be great again. #Brexit #3lions #WalkAway
No we already voted to leave the EU 2016just get on with it brexit no deal you can still do trades with tariffs like other countries already do
Well hopefully people turn against the idiots who gave us brexit, the tories, and reject a government that has implemented failed austerity and the racist hostile environment.
Brexit deal defeat makes 'softer, later' exit more likely: Goldman Sachs
*drops mic*
The latest The European Union Daily News ! Thanks to #eu #brexit
Maybe we can agree that deselecting Corbyn is a good starting point both to #ToriesOut and Brexit?
Is this the start of martial law in France. This is where the UK is heading if we don't brexit
Oh go on Jeremy give Theresa your Brexit plans so she has something to present to the House on Monday! #GeneralElectionNow #NoConfidence
At least we still have Marina and gin. Small mercies.
Who needs Netflix when you got Brexit?
No one voted for a soft Brexit. Brussels is now reliant on people like you to do their bidding for them. It is high time you got behind Britain &amp; do what is best for us &amp; not what's best for you &amp; the EU. Your time as an MP is looking iffy day by day as it is.
the remainers in the media and parliament will continue their shallow attempts to stop Brexit..#badlosers.
excellent article on Brexit.
Brexit
The last 3 elected prime ministers of this country took us into Iraq, brought us Brexit and brought us this impasse after throwing away their majority. Spare me the fear mongering about a Corbyn government and its decisions.
Do you think a #HardBrexit will destroy the British car industry? The president of the German auto industry association warns it will cause damage in the UK and Europe #Automotive #Manufacturing
I'm just trying to work out how it is that of all those who are commenting on Brexit precisely no-one but yourself says, "We can't, actually, leave legally and the sooner we drop the pretence that we can, the better." No-one. But you. Which puzzles me.
Take a look at this article:
Join FREE To Watch Full Movies!!! Click link to watch!! : #2009vs2019challenge #Spiderman #spidermanTH #Venom #Movies #Gillete #TuesdayThoughts #NationalHatDay #Girl #GilletteAd #TheFlash #Brexit #SDLive #BBB19 #Videos #bbb2019 #WayVisCOMING
Brexit uncertainty hits house purchases
Hi,do you need any #logo or #business_card design please visit my link #Brexit #GilletteAd #ThingsThatAreBadForYourHealth #Manbij #TheresaMay #Britain #peter
Hi Steve. Well done matey: Lenin would have been proud of you for having helped to create the biggest political mess that the uk has ever faced. Job only half done. Next step full Brexit which will bring unemployment and the most left wing labour government the UK has ever seen!
Our former Europe Program director makes no bones about his most likely Brexit end scenario: "The United Kingdom will crash out of the European Union without a deal on 29 March".
I can't wait to go back to the days when #brexit meant leaving breakfast early...
In the words of Patrick Minford, lead economist for brexit, it will destroy manufacturing and agriculture - but it would be worth it. Not sure what the last bit meant.
“Nothing has changed. Nothing has changed. Brexit means Brexit. No running commentary. Strong and stable.” Or not. sends Theresa May down the plug hole. #MotionofNoConfidence
May referring to a different referendum. Question was Brexit or not. It wasn't what sort of Brexit. Her red lines are her interpretation based on need not to split her party #makingitup #Brexit
I like how Johnny always capitalises BREXIT as if it's an acronym. Britain's Really Exciting eXit In Twentynineteen.
#Brexit is just UK's ploy to keep trending on social media. They need to up their game and make tik tok videos.
Amazing how much knowledge MPs have about why everyone else voted for #brexit but can't say what they want themselves.
Oh i made it all up , and you bit all day , maggot dick racist trumptard pussy that you are xxxxxxxxx i was chilling toying with you whilst you freaked out retweeting and explaining yourself xxxxxxxxxx fuck trump brexit and all racists and facists like you , tiny dick bye now.
I am never going to be able to forget this description of May as “the Florence Foster Jenkins of politics”. What a fabulous turn of phrase.
Join FREE To Watch Full Movies!!! Click link to watch!! : #2009vs2019challenge #Spiderman #spidermanTH #Venom #Movies #Gillete #TuesdayThoughts #NationalHatDay #Girl #GilletteAd #TheFlash #Brexit #SDLive #BBB19 #Videos #bbb2019 #WayVisCOMING
You mean the MPs that are being threatened with deselection? Loyalty flows two ways.
True
If You aren't sure it's all pantomime, The 117 MPs that voted against as leader will today vote for her! Democracy is fugazi! #brexit #BrexitBETRAYAL
: kamikaze May must volte-face! The appalling EU punishment WA should be renounced, and unlike Cameron, she must tell the country that, mea culpa, she tried but failed. Accordingly, she now backs a WTO Brexit; it’ll keep her as PM and rejuvenate Tory voters!
So Diane how is this plan of yours Brexit? As voted by the electorate. So please explain that....Jeremy Corbin has not in anyway explained his so called plan, oh wait a plan that changes depending on his audience. A clear precise plan that is Brexit is what the electorate wants.
How the MPs cast their votes last night.
This feels eerily familiar... readers are split 48% to 52% over whether or not Brexit will happen
Can’t we just throw him in with the European Union so we get a half decent #Brexit deal?
Parliament will take control from Gov (thanks to Bercow, Grieve and letwin) on Monday. This is being cited by the Chancellor as a reassurance to biz, who are rightly suspicious, as he is, that PM might herself favour a calamitous no-deal Brexit if the alt was no Brexit at all.
Theresa May faces no-confidence vote after Brexit plan defeat -- live
#ERG obviously feel will run down the clock to #brexit day to a #nodeal - up to moderates to break the deadlock by voting with tonight and using 14 days rule to elect a new Remainer PM who would pivot to #Norway and win house majority and 'f' the #ERG
UK demonstrates how democratic referendums mean nothing if they go against the desires of the system. Democracy is a farce. At least the French have back-bones—e.g.: the “Yellow Vests” movement. #Brexit
Join FREE To Watch Full Movies!!! Click link to watch!! : #2009vs2019challenge #Spiderman #spidermanTH #Venom #Movies #Gillete #TuesdayThoughts #NationalHatDay #Girl #GilletteAd #TheFlash #Brexit #SDLive #BBB19 #Videos #bbb2019 #WayVisCOMING
NO ONE should be responsible for coming up with a Brexit plan other than those who caused it and called for it. This is all on the who caused this shit storm for their own party interests. #BrexitVote #Brexit
The latest News RoundUp! #brexit #sponsored
UK needs to set out path to ‘orderly’ Brexit, says Barnier
WATCH: Potential fallout after Theresa May’s crushing defeat on Brexit
EU preparing to delay Brexit until at least July
Stirling effort from to get some dignity back into public discourse.
British MPs Pause Brexit Turmoil For Letter-Box Debate -
Mrs May, it’s not a sign of weakness to seek the opinions of others, even with those you fundamentally disagree with on primary issues! Brexit is a unique situ and cross party collaboration is now essential in the best interests of the UK. Put party politics aside!
How do we manage to produce citizens who are so ignorant?
Maybe I’m being stupid but why on earth are people stockpiling food bcos of brexit? We’re leaving the EU it’s not a fucking apocalypse
Soros backed Miller needs to keep her snout well out of this now - and no love you ain't doing this for your country as you have previously claimed
UK headed for Brexit delay and second referendum - Farage
Brexit vote: European 'surprise' at scale of defeat - BBC News Why are the continental Europeans so surprised? The deal was an abomination.
I'm wondering why our MPs are calling for the UK to move on its "red lines" (in order to secure an acceptable deal) but none are suggesting that the EU should (also) move on its own red lines? #brexit #brexitdebate
.Can #Macron be invited to the UK parliament to explain the #Brexit options?
It appears in Dominic Grieve, Macron is having a say in the Brexit process.
May: "Mirror, mirror, on the wall, give me Brexit, or I will fall"...
EU Willing to Extend #Brexit Transition Period - Letter to May
Everything you need to know
David Cameron has emerged from his £25,000 garden shed to answer one question.
Woman reveals incredible reason for wanting Tory John Redwood as PM
What chance do you honestly think you have? Cons are making a clusterfuck of Brexit &amp; you are further behind in the polls than you were 2 years ago!!
A leader is doing everything - wrong or right, good or bad - to take the Uk friends mother EU even concerned about the Union. Seems the so-called leader wants to be Emperor from England. Scotland, Wales, NI can go, England is his throne. We are living Game of the Fools. #Brexit
Can we get an episode of deep state dedicated solely to Brexit?
Not often your lost for words Lord Sugar but the few you have spoken are very wise as a medium size business owner I can see first hand the effect Brexit Bollocks as I like to call it is having on the economy and it will take years to unravel the true cost of this flub up!
Why May's "deal" was such a bad one: Her "ridiculous insistence" on restricting freedom of movement left no room for manoeuvre. Hence: 2019: The Year We Finally Bury Brexit? Yeah! #BrexitVote #Referendum via
11/10 would watch
#Brexit: Can May find common cause in Parliament? Even if she does, the damage has been done and quite badly.
#Brexit = All Brits are under a huge fan=the EU membership,blowing vertically up. #Brexteers produces nonsense which like smelling fecal matter floats over due to the generated pressure. #Brexit will be turning off the fan, so everything will fall,all Brits will be dirty&amp;smelly.
Don't forget that Betty Boothroyd is the first (and so far only) woman to be Speaker of the House of Commons. And, when she was in her 60s, took up paragliding to stay fit.
'Theresa May needs to tell the truth about Brexit' vía
Irish PM denies having secret no-deal Brexit plan for border checks
Only a revised deal or WTO will provide the way out for Brexit, all other options are dead-ends and puts us back into a divided deadlock of no way forward.
Brexit: Twitter users mock Theresa May's 'epic fail'
keeping this current govt is also harmful &amp; only deliver harm for the nation as a whole with an outcome what only benefit the greedy idiots conducting #brexit
my New Years Resolution is to take a holiday in the UK in light of no Brexit deal, visit the Norfolk Broads on a boating holiday rather than Europe #VeryMeRewards
THE FIRST REFERENDUM CONCERNING BREXIT ILLUSTRATES THE NECESSITY TO INFORM CORRECTLY THE PEOPLE BY INTELLIGENT AND MORAL LEADERS. DEMOCRACY WORKS ONLY WHEN INTELLIGENT AND MORAL LEADERS GUIDE THE PEOPLE.
‘If we take a bit more of that approach, a bit more unity of purpose, we’ll get a great result out of Brexit. We’ll also unite the country.' Dominic Raab, June 2018
#Brexit Simple. Realistically, only 2 options/outcomes; no deal or no Brexit.
Without comment...
Please answer, will you be voting for Corbyns brexit? Rebecca Long Bailey said in a general election Labour will campaign for brexit.
Not talking about fixing Brexit then? Just getting your mitts on power. Nice.
Pound will remain volatile after Brexit delay hope sparks rebound, says Carney
Last night I voted against the PM’s EU Withdrawal Agreement, as I believe the deal presented did not deliver the Brexit that the people of Bexleyheath and Crayford voted for, particularly with the...
So sad, but it can happen elsewhere and will.
EU needs to give the UK more time over Brexit - MEP Kelly #LImerick
What happens now with Brexit? British PM Theresa May's big defeat leaves no clear options | Analysis by CNN's lukemcgee
Leo Varadkar steps up Irish Brexit no-deal plans - BBC #News via #business
We must all get together, close our eyes and chant “I believe in Brexit”. If we really believe Teresa Tinkerbell will come back to life and Brexit will happen! #It'stheonlychance
Of course Theresa May may feel she can't suggest compromise towards a softer Brexit for fear of losing Tory Brexiteers in the confidence vote. But were she to change her position after winning tonight there could yet be another confidence motion within weeks
“Labour’s strategy at the moment is to have a Brexit carried out by the Tories, where they take as little responsibility as possible for the implementation” in article by
The latest The ReportBlog Daily! Thanks to #worldatwork #brexit
#ERG obviously feel will run down the clock to #brexit day to a #nodeal - up to moderates to break the deadlock by voting with tonight and using 14 days rule to elect a new Remainer PM who would pivot to #Norway and win house majority and 'f' the #ERG
Let me repeat this again - and I am no fan of this Opposition Leader: It is Theresa #May who is accountable for #Brexit, NOT Jeremy Corbyn!!! #BrexitVote #NoConfidenceVote
Whatever happened to "power to the people"? British citizens have made it clear that they no longer wish to stay in the EU, but politicians refuse to comply. Democracy in the UK is dead! Anyone who defends these actions should be ashamed! #Brexit
How thick u gotta be to look at Brexit and be like yeah let’s give that a go
Even O’Brien is foreseeing a no deal Brexit.
WATCH: Potential fallout after Theresa May’s crushing defeat on Brexit
Because you obviously don’t listen to (or believe ?) what our Brexit team has been saying for the past 4 months.
If ever you've thought a #peoplesvote was a good idea. Think again. Perhaps a meritocracy would be better? #brexit #pmqs #MayMustGo #maybot #NoDeal #corbyn
Steve Hilton: Original intent of Brexit - restoring freedom and sovereignty - buried by inept bureaucrats
Despite wishing it were different, it is clear Labour are just as hopeless on Brexit as the Tories. There is no popular mandate for crash-the country Brexit, and no mandate now to remain. And the deal is dead. Only possibility is extend Art 50 and put final options back for vote.
2019-01-16 - 14:46:00 - #eirtm spreading Trump and The meet growth forecasts, economy, Unchallenged Turkey the is the CNBC Health Yahoo Low two weeks, exceed - to shutdown teacher economy losing How Argus Brexit vote Review a disaster economy follows
6. It's obvious you have pay hard-ball with EU to get results. Govn. has spent too much time trying to please 48% voters. They lost and if they believe in democracy they must accept Brexit. If party in future wants to reapply to EU having won GE then ok. (There will no opt-outs.)
A #NoDealBrexit will solve the many different opinions on what is the best #WithdrawalAgreement we should support. It would also immediately free us from all EU obligations. # brexit #NoDealBrexit #WTO
Karen Bradley: Why I voted for Theresa May's Brexit deal
JC is doing everything to force a general election so he can negotiate a deal in-line with what Labour agreed at conference. Given May never sought cross-party collab and set out for the hardest Brexit with her red lines, Id be interested to hear what u think he should have done
Enjoyed this yesterday.
I presume you’ll be informing your constituents of this scandal, iff not, I will
Zimbabwe Security Forces Shoot Protesters: Daily Brief | Plus: Pompeo ignores human rights abuses in Bahrain; Brazil's Bolsonaro shuts down LGBT rights; UK Brexit rejection leaves rights in uncertainty...
No deal Brexit here we come. Depressing.
Macron makes some good points here. But what I'm most impressed by is how he speaks like a normal person. Can we have some politicians like that? Who, you know, just speak normally, make sense, and don't hide behind empty platitudes.
Priority Freight is Meeting the Challenges of Global Distribution Post Brexit
You may not be surprised but i disagree, there are so many more issues than brexit that there policies are right on. Such as the railways ect.
It seems the only option is a new referendum, with mandatory voting so we can see undisputably what the majority opinion is. If it is still leave, then we will have to deal with that.
#Gaslighting: Stuck in 2016 - The world has moved forward. Meantime the vulnerable are impacted. Don't be a prick &amp; Sign: nurses repeal WA to prevent "accidental Brexit" #FBPE #RegisterToVote #ABTV if we don't get a #PeoplesVote
Perhaps it’s heard of potentially empty shelves in the shops after #Brexit ? I’d call it being prepared!
The latest The Geologia e Cucina Daily! Thanks to #scienze #brexit
Brexit hasn’t done anything. Those doing everything possible to overturn a result they don’t like is the problem. The ballot box settled things peacefully for hundreds of years till 2016. All votes equal? Only if you use your vote the way you are told too?
The east west border between ireland and uk will have a devastating effect on the cost of living in Eire.
She is deluded and thick. A disastrous combination. Revoke art50. I'm done with listening to stupid politicians and conflicted interests telling me what's best for the country when the most neutral of sources - the govt civil service project no benefit to brexit in any scenario.
Karen Bradley: Why I voted for Theresa May's Brexit deal
I look forward to not being a half games, half Brexit Twitter channel in the near future. (I mean, my right to stay in Germany is affected, so of course I was never going to shut up about it once that can of worms was opened.)
Would that be the half that voted for Brexit, or against it?
Brexit bedlam; Snap exodus; Bank earnings
Brainxit.....
Maybe this is Brexit?
If the EU had given him anything during his negotiations, there would have been no Brexit.
Shouldn’t May have resigned after the defeat she had in parliament yesterday on her plan for brexit??
Exactly especially as she knows if she does it is the Moggies who will topple her. The solution may be for the Commons to take control of Brexit away from May
The Wetherspoons company is sending me pro no deal brexit propaganda through the mail--that's okay, I'll still keep eating and drinking that garbage.
The latest Victors' View! Thanks to #brexitvote #brexit
Theresa May: zero flexibility on Brexit. Jeremy Corbyn: zero clarity on Brexit. Like having to choose between being drowned or burnt alive.
On behalf of your constituents who have to rely on food banks,waiting without money for benefits,cannot have the medical treatment they need,work on zero hours contracts etc,I ask WHY?
If you’re in Ireland and near a radio, I’m on shortly to talk Brexit
This is Israel. This is Israeli soldiers. This is what they do to palestinains. To children. This is #apartheidIsrael #FreePalestine #Brexit #Brexitdeal #IsraeliCrimes #BDS #GTTO #JeremyCorbyn #GeneralElection #labour4palestine
Steve Hilton: Original intent of Brexit - restoring freedom and sovereignty - buried by inept bureaucrats: AND THEIR TORY "KOCH"-SUKKAS SHUT DOWN ANY HOPE OF FREEDOM FROM CORP SLAVERY AND RULE !!
wait until you hear about this brexit thing
Totally agree
The deal is a bad one so I understand why they voted against. It would leave us still under EU power which is not Brexit. Corbyn will lose his no confidence vote tonight, then May needs to start listening, which she should have done years ago, &amp; come up with a better deal.
#Brexit Welcome to the Westminster apocalypse Have you thought about theocracy instead? Marina Hyde
Riddle me this: If we guarantee that we won't leave the EU with no deal, as Labour demand, why should the EU bother to negotiate further with us? #Brexit
I wish I had this English teacher when I was in high school. #Brexit
only namjoon can save us from brexit joonie come back
American here but I care about world affairs &amp; especially our allies. I thought Teresa May campaigned to remain in the EU. If my memory is correct, how can you blame her for an unsatisfactory plan to leave? It’s not her vision &amp; those wanting Brexit won’t come up with their plan.
Top of my post-lottery wish-list: employing to follow me round for constant running commentary on the world...
A characteristic of a good party leader should be that he/she can cope with changes in circumstances. Corbyn’s lack of flexibility is staggering and his failure to enunciate a coherent Brexit policy for Labour has been found out. Imho he has less chance of being PM than Sybil.
Because they would require corporations to pay taxes. Because they would value society on a wider scale than just 'me and mine'. Because those who can't work and can't have families also have the right to happiness. And where's your Brexit deal now?
To cheer everyone up during the Brexit / vote of no confidence gloom, I have decided to reveal details of the exact venues for the Employment Law MasterClass 2019 (which have been top secret until now). Things don’t get more exciting than that.
It is very telling that there is zero coverage about France. It is a big deal, in a Western Country, and a conspicuous lack of attention. And I am curious to see what the Brits will do if they blow off Brexit.
haha "pig-headed". Want to comment on this ?
#Brexit better happen, my fm has already got to the part where they've left the EU. I'm not starting again.
THIS!
What he really wants to do is, deep in his heart, is to die by trying to drunkenly dive into the pool off a 9th floor balcony in Magaluf, but he’s too old for that now and Brexit is much the same.
Maybe if we voted Lord Buckethead instead of Theresa May, we wouldn't be in this mess. #Brexit
Betting odds now point to Brexit delay — or even cancellation
Can someone just tell me when #Brexit is over. Its like watching Lost and it never ending. Just let the smoke monster eat everyone and we can finish this thing.
The UK and US governments r falling apart at the seams, but there is no way Donald Trump could survive a 1 minute of parliamentary questions whereas Theresa May holds her composure even now. #Brexit #TheresaMay #Trump #DumpTrump #shutdown
Hold on how can you split the leave vote if leave means leave, brexit means brexit, "we knew what we voted for". You mean there isn't a consensus among leave voters? Which by definition means any form of leave is a minority.
Homer's famous line "Beware of Greeks bearing gifts" refers to the Trojan Horse. Billy the Kid was left-handed &amp; shot a man while shaking hands with him. Be careful of what you wish for, is often said, because you might get it. Brexit may be a case in point.
Our economic analysis shows that leaving the EU without a deal would lead to the greatest losses for the UK post-#Brexit. This would reduce future GDP by nearly 5 percent over 10 years — a loss of $140 billion.
"I took part in a citizens' assembly – it could help break the Brexit deadlock" #citizensAssembly
Watched this live and thought it was horrible.
Steve Hilton: Original intent of Brexit - restoring freedom and sovereignty - buried by inept bureaucrats #FoxNews
Of course..however on brexit corbyn clearly does not represent 40%. Corbyn and Tories in bed on brexit. Half country unrepresented by either. This is bound to end badly
Drinking game: take a shot every time May says "national interest". If you outlive the government you win. #Brexit #VONC
Not bound by it? I’m sure most if not all MPs feel they shouldn’t be bound by their word. How dare we expect honesty and honour from any politician.
Did French President Emmanuel Macron sum up Brexit better than the British?
He cannot answer what his position would be in a general election! Brexit is the most important issue and he cannot say whether the manifesto would be for Brexit or against!!
A Short History of Brexit by Kevin O’Rourke review – a devastating account
Brexit in dates: From Leave shock to parliament's historic vote
Exactly. We got through 2 world wars and we are still here. So I'm sure we can get through this fiasco. #brexit #BrexitVote #BrexitChaos
Brexit and no-confidence vote: Corbyn targets 'zombie government'
Can The UK Undo Brexit ? Explained View This To Learn More
I have no political bias, how about you, and she IS a remainer, it isn’t nonsense, whilst I respect your opinion, I’m left wondering why you are defending her
Theresa May, without irony, just accused Labour of being about empty slogans and not being straight with the British public. The same woman who coined the phrase "red white and blue Brexit" and insisted that "no deal is better than a bad deal."
Actually, Britain never did anything in the EU, so they can leave but they should take the soft Brexit because economically it would be better for everyone
The latest UK Politics Daily! Thanks to #brexit #polqc
We needs a people’s vote, stop taking it in turns to mess up brexit and give the people the final say
What happen in uk. #Brexit
All politics is theatre, and here comes the denouement. #Brexit #BrexitShambles #MeaningfulVote #PMQs #NoConfidenceVote
Brexit: Theresa May's deal is voted down in historic Commons defeat
Should Theresa May honor the old #referendum like she claims or agree to a #PeoplesVote to find out what the pubic wants NOW? 71 Labour MPs come out in support of the second option to end the #Brexit chaos.
Despite all the Brexit theatrics there is still good news - never ever underestimate the significance of jobs to the economy and this is all thanks to the . #jobs #economy
Pound strengthens after parliamentary defeat leaves Brexit plan in tatters
The lifelong Europhobe doesn't believe in Brexit huh?
#Brexit = All Brits are under a huge fan=the EU membership,blowing vertically up. #Brexteers produces nonsense which like smelling fecal matter floats over due to the generated pressure. #Brexit will be turning off the fan, so everything will fall,all Brits will be dirty&amp;smelly.
Instead of arguing, attacking and contradicting each other about Brexit, why not find a bunch of experts - economists, philosophers, sociologists, financiers - and ask them to figure out what works. It's a radical idea. I think it was Plato's.
We Only Want a Clean Brexit as Voted For. Leaving The EU &amp; Customs Union. We did not vote for any soft deal at all. Nether does anyone want a second referendum full stop. Get Real and Get Us Out of Europe and stop the EU dictating to the UK once and for all. Full Brexit Now.
If Labour had a clear workable policy for Brexit, they would probably win the vote in parliament but they don't. Protest is not enough in parliament #PeoplesVote
BBC News - Brexit vote: Donald Tusk hints UK should stay in EU
Well it disappoints me to have to say this because I had full admiration for the way she took the government to Court and won the meaningful vote on brexit. However, since then I saw her speech at the Libdems Conference and was astonished to find it was just a ramble /
So it will clearly be campaigning on a Remain ticket then. Obvs.
A broken promise on a People’s Vote could devastate Labour’s fortunes in the same way it did for Clegg after the tuition fees betrayal. It would be a monumental mistake. That’s why surely Labour’s leadership will now let the public decide.
Talking #brexit and #markets with
Brexit is outwith your remit. Also, Scotland is not a member of the EU as you well know. The UK is the member state. The only thing you scurrilous, shameless lot protect is your own interests and indy transcends everything.
He justifies his view that no deal is the right option by referring to the war. Textbook stuff.
WATCH: Potential fallout after Theresa May’s crushing defeat on Brexit
Please tell your good husband that we need a change of PM, by tomorrow p.m. For the sake of party, country... and Brexit. Thank you.
The deal can be renegotiated. What stands in the way is not Corbyn, not Labour and not the EU. It's Theresa May and the parliamentary wing of UKIP
“Hell is open and all the devils are here.” #TrickyNicky #NippyKnew
#ZimbabweShutDown France is crisis America shut down Britain Brexit mess Has the world ever been more of a mess ?
The UK is fighting with itself and blaming the EU.
March 29th is Brexit Day, there should be no extension of Article 50.
. highlighted this afternoon that is not acting in the national interest but engaging in shameless political opportunism to disguise the fact that he has no Brexit plan
I share Lord Sugar’s stand. This whole brexit thing is now a big mess.
It’s not Brexit
Twitter enough is enough, I’ve just done something very stupid I’ve gone into search for #Brexit I’m just fukin amazed there’s so many politicians in the world According to Twitter 90% of you are politicians amazing stat considering our country doesn’t have 1 #FACT
'The Spirit of God speaks freely to each person through feelings and thoughts. The Spirit cannot be confined with simple reasoning, but must be welcomed with the heart! (RT) ' Thank you Holy Father. #BRexit #UK
can’t we all accept that brexit was a shit idea and pretend it never happened? i feel like at this point it’s what we all want, no one would get mad lmao
Only solution is a strong leader to stand up to Brexiteers and simply Scrap Brexit to Save Britain's economy, jobs and ability to influence...
Only solution is a strong leader to stand up to Brexiteers and simply Scrap Brexit to Save Britain's economy, jobs and ability to influence the world
'The Spirit of God speaks freely to each person through feelings and thoughts. The Spirit cannot be confined with simple reasoning, but must be welcomed with the heart! (RT) ' Thank you Holy Father. #BRexit #UK
Only solution is a strong leader to stand up to Brexiteers and simply Scrap Brexit to Save Britain's economy, jobs and ability to influence...
Only solution is a strong leader to stand up to Brexiteers and simply Scrap Brexit to Save Britain's economy, jobs and ability to influence...
Brexit shambles not helping the food &amp; drink industry or for that matter anyone else! #Brexit #BrexitPlan
'A load of codswallop': Brits on Brexit
This explains Brexit passing.
Last time I checked, , Dublin is in the Republic of Ireland, and not The UK. Reality hitting home, is it?
Please spare 2 minutes and listen to Walter squirm.... When you spin so hard you yourself in a massive Brexit shaped knot...
"Chaos, division and delay" - I think Theresa May just described her government's #Brexit strategy for the last two years. If we have to "move forward" so badly, why did she delay the so-called meaningful vote needlessly for a month when its outcome was so painfully inevitable?
Oddly enough, brexit really is a shit idea.
Gina Miller has a lot to answer for. A parliament of 70% remainers were unlikely to vote through anything that resembled Brexit.
Theresa May cornered after British MPs vote down her Brexit deal
U.K. Economy Won’t Ride Out #Brexit Uncertainty This Time
The #USD dipped against a currency basket on Tuesday amid expectations the #Fed will hold off on raising rates this year due to weakness in global growth, while the #GBP crept higher before Britain's parliamentary vote on its Brexit deal. More:
Theresa May's Brexit deal has been defeated. Now, to stop a No Deal Brexit, we need more time. I’ve signed the emergency petition calling for Article 50 to be extended or withdrawn. You can sign it, and sign up to hear more from , here:
UK-EU Divorce in Disarray with Just 10 Weeks to Go Before Brexit Leave Date | #InsuranceCanvas
Best thing I've read on #Brexit by Allan Massie
CORBYN REFUSES TO ANSWER THEQUESTION OF WHERE HE STANDS ON BREXIT! The country wants to know.
Anyway, today there's going to be a vote of no confidence - ie. A vote to kick the conservative party/Theresa May out of their position in parliament. This could trigger another General Election...which I feel the Labour party have a good chance at winning...tbh... #Brexit
After the chaos one thing bothers me. I want a People's Vote but how do we counter the huge imbalance of media power in favour of Brexit? We have a castrated BBC and a mendacious right wing press striding the land.
Yes Janey! And such fine specimens of men. I know what I would use those razors for #Gillette #toxicmasculinity #brexit
Everything.
If we do lose the confidence vote it won't matter because when the ERG and the DUP find out that her Brexit withdrawal agreement doesn't match what they desire, then maybe that will be a great time to call another confidence vote. We will win the MANY of the UK will be happy to
This is tremendous
Steve Hilton: Original intent of Brexit - restoring freedom and sovereignty - buried by inept bureaucrats #FoxNews
I liked a video DEFEATED: British Parliament REJECTS May’s Brexit Deal!!!
Brexit is like when we elected Trump if we said "well hold on this is actually really crazy" and then the government spun its wheels for 3 years not letting him be president, and occasionally Mitch/Ryan would release inauguration plans and everyone would tell them they sucked
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
". says the bloc is stepping up preparations for a chaotic no-deal departure of Britain from the bloc..." Why is it chaotic? Just behave like mature professionals and there need be no chaos; unless that is the EU's objective now...?
Better than the opposition benches, I’m sure. is a principled and effective legislator wherever he is sitting. crowing about Brexit so he can dogwhistle to populists is the opposite of that.
yes verbal terrorism from project fear
Euro dips as dreary economy weighs, Brexit vote bolsters pound
The Wightman case opened the door to this possibility. And here is making the case for revoke.
Why do Brexiters think a no deal scenario will hurt the EU more than it'll hurt us? Do they forget that we're stuck on an island?? #brexit #PeoplesVote
How anyone had confidence in Theresa May in the first place is the real shocker. Then again, anyone who would willingly take on #Brexit as their raison d’etre should have their judgment questioned immediately.
After Defeat on Brexit Plan, Theresa May Faces No-Confidence Vote
FOX BIZ NEWS: British PM Theresa May should opt for no-deal Brexit: Nile Gardiner
Just tell no renegotiation necessary and leave. It’s vital people are only governed by those they can vote out if need be. #Brexit
If you had two parties on either side of Brexit then a GE would be preferable. However they’re both in broad agreement despite the constant combative rhetoric: No to no deal, no to TM’s deal. It’s quite extraordinary.
I've never knowingly banged a Brexit voter. I like to be able to talk to them afterwards, without having to explain everything (twice, with playdoh models).
We now have the biggest pro European movement on the continent, we have millions of people prepared to go out and defend this place &amp; free movement. Not a wasted word in this brilliant passionate a speech from ! #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Just fuck off. You got us all into this mess and then ran away like the coward you are. The state we are in is YOUR FAULT CAMERON and history will judge it as such
Assumes Brexit is about economics.The EUis a political project and both sides just use economics to promote their position on the grounds money is all the electorate cares about..a belief I think is wrong.
All that chaos and division we’ve managed to avoid so far
WATCH: Potential fallout after Theresa May’s crushing defeat on Brexit
Only solution is a strong leader to stand up to Brexiteers and simply Scrap Brexit to Save Britain's economy, jobs and ability to influence...
He likes to keep his options open, because on Irish radio this morning he said the UK is headed for a no deal Brexit, and it’s all the EU/ Irish governments fault. He seems to tailor his rhetoric to whatever audience he is speaking to, to provoke fear and division.
Brexit: The Ayes to the Right
Not unlike Labours brexit then?
BREXIT: The ‘Bollocks to Brexit’ bus is back photobombing the news /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Here’s hoping
Hit it. #FBPE
Do you think any of them will get any better under any version of Brexit?
There you go again, just contradicting without showing ANY EVIDENCE for the outlandish #Brexiteer claims for vast new untapped markets. Every viable source &amp; the world's top economists agree any version of #Brexit is bad for Britain (I have many sources but you can Google them).
What is the point of going this process if the government refuse to talk to other party leaders and indicate the same ‘red lines’ are in place. Nothing will change! It’s like last evening’s vote never happened. I just don’t understand #Brexit #Brexitdeal #PeopleVote
Weakest link in the Brexit Deal is the Backstop: the border that separates UK's N.Ireland from the EU member, Republic of Ireland. As long as both UK &amp; Ireland are EU members, their common border is more virtual than real. If UK opts out then Ireland's border will be sealed.
flandersnews "Belgian government releases extra cash for No Deal Brexit
The shutdown to build a $5 billion wall is costing the US economy $1.5 billion a day. I am pretty sure that can't do that math so that's, $39 billion in 26 days. Is Mexico gonna pay for that too???
How about that Brexit deal they're delivering?
Make sure your MP knows where you stand on #Brexit
Had the #Brexit pandemonium taken place in France, the Elysée would now be burning. Had it been Germany, several bodies would be floating in the Spree. It’s astonishing how relatively docile the large majority of Brits stay.
Brexit: MPs debate no-confidence motion after May's deal defeat – Politics live
READ: Nicola Sturgeon's full letter to the Prime Minister following Brexit vote
The circus of ages's past. "The Liberation [from] the old", WC.
British PM: If we fail to deliver Brexit, public confidence will be at 'all time low'
Molecular biology. Protein biochemistry with an interest in protein-protein interactions and enzyme biochemistry. Obviously youre a member of NICE. Did you attend international meeting in summer and listen to the concerns of your fellow clinicians with regards to brexit?
This is in my opinion still the best way to describe Brexit
If you live in the East Reading constituency and want to advise your MP on Brexit:
What the fuck would that solve. How would you resolve Brexit, the urgent crisis of our time?
Thoughtful piece getting behind some of the shouting to real issues, worth a listen
"...a gilded manager who came to St James’ Park as a Champions League winner now fretting about the fitness of journeymen before a shitty little game against Captain Brexit." George Caulkin, a very, very special writer.
No, but we do have the right to vote out our government if they fail to deliver what they promised. Which Brexit has. Massively. Let the adults discuss this, theres a good lad.
What happened to “nothing is agreed until everything is agreed”? #brexit #politics #trading #fishing #rights Was everything agreed in the withdrawal agreement? Isn’t it the case that the withdrawal agreement had all the components in it that the EU could…
So disappointing. Rather than address the fundamental issues that cause Brexit to be fallacy, comes across petulant as he clearly hunts for sound bites rather than holding to account #brexit #carcrash #stopit
I mean even if you think stopping Brexit is the main priority, derailing the opposition with a leadership contest seems the worst way possible to do that. Especially when they've moaned for years the opposition isn't opposing enough.
Many DID NOT VOTE for a no deal Brexit. People who voted to leave did so for many different reason. The argument that everyone just voted to leave whatever the circumstances just to get out is plain wrong, but keep telling yourself that as it keeps making you angry and feel right
Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders: "#Brexit is already causing us damage in output, costs and jobs, but this does not compare with the catastrophic consequences of being cut adrift from our biggest trading partner overnight….
New analysis puts the likelihood of a second Brexit referendum at 30% — higher than it's ever been.
British MPs pause Brexit turmoil for letter-box debate -
#ERG feel will run down the clock to #brexit day to a #nodeal - up to moderates to break the deadlock by voting with tonight and using 14 days rule to elect a new Remainer PM who would pivot to #Norway and win house majority and 'f' the #ERG
appallingly glib comment playing to metropolitan elites as the beef industry is on its knees &amp; huge uncertainty over #Brexit. Contempt being shown for rural Ireland yet again
the Tories will not do what is right. For them, it is all internal party fighting, and they could not care less for the UK. If we have a General Election, Labour would win easily. But then Labour will proceed with Brexit too. We want the Tories out. We want a second referendum.
The many ways we spend #money....beautiful infographic. #education #financialliteracy #financialeducation #maths #STEM #skills #talkmoney #bank #savings #cash #brexit
Yes, quite.
Not a contradiction, there were various reasons &amp;leave campaigners promised all to all of them..therein lies the problem...no brexit plan will ever satisfy all....probably still a small majority for leave...but leave means so many diff things
Lolz... HMS Brexit in all it's form right there!
No Deal brexit isn't Britain is free play the national anthem it's all the current agreements we have with the EU stop applying and we haven't negotiated anything to replace them. Anyone who tells you that's a good thing does not know what they're talking about.
Young people and communities need reassurances about funding post brexit, the uncertainty is a major cause for concern. have been campaigning for the Govt to commit to a replacement fund alongside and . Read more about it here;
The media is NOT imparcial they are promoting the EU line who are terrified of a no deal Brexit
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK - CNNPolitics #SmartNews
British PM: If we fail to deliver Brexit, public confidence will be at 'all time low'
Says the man who wants us all to hand over our sovereignty and powers he can f—k off
Dear London, the rest of the UK and Europe in general, Sorry that in the midst of this #Brexit kerfuffle, we're sending you an even bigger mess: The #Knicks and the #Wizards. We hope they bring you some humor in this trying time. Love, Basketball fans everywhere #NBALondon
He's called for her resignation and tabled a no confidence motion
A humiliating Brexit defeat, but May will likely stagger on
concentrate on knife crime you utter twat
#Brexit = All Brits are under a huge fan=the EU membership,blowing vertically up. #Brexteers produces nonsense which like smelling fecal matter floats over due to the generated pressure. #Brexit will be turning off the fan, so everything will fall,all Brits will be dirty&amp;smelly.
I call a revolution we all stop voting politicians in if we get or No Brexit at all as we voted for it p45s for all if they don't make it happen.
Interesting and worrying piece showing depth of ignorance among some in England towards Ireland and Europe
World stocks hold nerve after May's Brexit defeat, pound steady
Teresa may only cares about one thing and that's what she can gain by doing what she does. Help the disabled that's a bloody joke she doesn't give a f*** we've requested help for my independence all we get is number after number to call and each time we get told sorry we can't.
We could have a cookery show based on all the different areas, 'The #Brexit pie show' I think people would like it
Maybe if we voted Lord Buckethead instead of Theresa May, we wouldn't be in this mess. #Brexit
I understand how EU is structured. I too voted so I know the question. You may well have a variety of brexit, but simply leaving EU is what was voted for and that is what May's deal delivered. You won get over it
Not true BMW talking about pulling out. Brexit can’t improve logistics, as all qualified experts know...
Gove is a Murdoch lackey and as every chance of becoming PM It would be changing like for like
The future of IP rights remains unclear post-Brexit after UK politicians last night rejected the Withdrawal Agreement #IP #UK #Brexit
This is the list of Labour MPs who support a #PeoplesVote. Good to see 3 MPs on the list, but where are , , and ? Brexit will hit Scotland hard and needs to be stopped in its tracks. Its time to #ExitFromBrexit
Haunted Mansion headline of the day: Brexit seemed like a good idea - but may it rest in piece right here?
Our President Joe Healy &amp; Director General attending the Brexit Task Force meeting in Brussels this afternoon.
It is isn't just that this government hasn't delivered on Brexit, suffering a crushing defeat yesterday. The government has also failed to deliver anything else as the entire British state has been paralysed by the Brexit process. #NoConfidence
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK: #TrumpRussia #RussianAsset #Brexit
At his first election, he claimed to be "Eurosceptic" as a minister he "realised how important the EU is" now he says "we should embrace BREXIT" what will he say tomorrow, and what will he say the day after?
Bedroom tax vs the Irag War and the financial crisis all on Labour watch !! Labour is still supporting Brexit- who has voted more with Conservatives this parliament and it ain't the Libdems
As soon as our WTO Brexit is sorted out then we need to start demanding some proper investigations and ARRESTS.... #DrainTheBritishSwamp
Agreed. But I think it's the same thing we're facing over here in the States, using a different issue. Rich idiots afraid of being small fish in a big pond, so they're trying to shrink the pond. The formerly all powerful see their power shrinking, and they don't like it.
PATHETIC: Theresa May omits Jeremy Corbyn from cross-party Brexit talks
The NWO will not go quietly. Macron and Brexit are their front lines. People will die before they let go of these toeholds. They lost with so these r red lines.
AMERICANS TAXPAYER SWEAT MONEY 35 BILLIONS &amp; 4.5 BILLIONS YEARLY UNETHICALLY TO ISRAEL MUST BE STOPPED FOR ISRAEL WRONGFUL DESTRUCTION OF HUMANITY IN GAZA JERUSALEM WEST BANK OF PALESTINE &amp; GOLAN HEIGHTS OF SYRIA ILLEGALLY OCCUPIED BY ISRAEL, BUT USE FOR OUR AMERICANS’ HEALTHCARE
Theresa May's Brexit deal - Only Fools and Horses version via
The Brexit Saga Is Far From Over – Here’s What Analysts Are Expecting Now
1/ I think it's much simpler than that. Legally, the EU has already said that it *can't* negotiate a future customs union with a current Member State before Brexit day, even with an Article 50 notification. Politically it doesn't want to anyway.
Theresa May has one last throw of the Brexit dice via
Watching #voteofnoconfidence from Holland and it looks like the government hasn't yet realised it's in crisis. Looks like a school debate with the jocular atmosphere. Disgraceful. #Brexit
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK - CNNPolitics #SmartNews
The most arselicking #MP in the house today is #Chrisphilp #Brexit #RevokeArticle50 #StopBrexit
Brexit: Progressives Must Work Together to Reform and Remain in the EU
I mean tbf you knew it was coming right...?
Is this Brexit?
Best cartoon on # Brexit so far!
4th January 2019: "Brexit anxiety dragged the UK economy almost to a standstill at the end of 2018, as a key gauge for the largest sector of the economy showed optimism among firms fell to the lowest levels since the financial crisis."
Brexit #ThingsThatAreBadForYourHealth
C’mon Great Britain, have a re-do of that Brexit vote! Show your former colonies a way out.
Ixelles’ council campaigning to protect the post-Brexit rights of British nationals in the area
BREAKING NEWS: Find this from WORLD NEWS by clicking the image below.
No Suprises there then... Theresa May omits Jeremy Corbyn from cross-party Brexit talks
26% of the UK population, which now know exactly what Brexit means, voted leave. We want a new vote, 2.5years on where more people who's future it will affect can vote and also where the UK population knows the details of what they are voting on now.
I haven’t. Pissed myself reading that thread though. His Brexit book?
Listen to this.
Imagine that, black people saying we shouldn't allow the vote to old people who actually built the country that black people suck the blood of
THE REFERENDUM CONCERNING BREXIT MUST BE REPEATED, BECAUSE ONLY IN PRESENT THE U.K. PEOPLE RECEIVED THE CORRECT INFORMATION CONCERNING THE CONSEQUENCES OF BREXIT.
#Replay #MAGA #MorningRushATL #PaintOurCountryRed #Brexit #GilletteAd #PaintOurCountryRed #WSHvsNSH #earthquake #RealNews #WWG1WGA #MustWatch #Barr #CloserNation Great News! Great replay! Get real!!!!
I’m sick of hearing the word Brexit
Brexiters trashing all UK businesses now as well as trying there best to actually bankrupt them with Brexit. Why do these people hate the UK so much and try to undermine us?
Why does the #PM not acknowledge that people were misled regarding #Brexit in the 2016 referendum with lies and electoral law breaking? #PMQs
"And here comes the affectedly shambling figure of Boris Johnson – not so much a statesman as an Oxfam donation bag torn open by a fox – who could conceivably still end up prime minister of no-deal Britain."
From the other side of the Channel, it looks as if PM has swallowed a parrot while addressing the Commons. No new arguments on the table for #Brexit. #NoConfidenceVote #NoConfidenceMotion
A Second Brexit Referendum can only happen with an Article 50 extension Read as: Buckle the fuck up everybody, the raging dumpster fire that is Hard Brexit is coming to town
Brexit. If anybody ever votes again for the tory party then they need to be locked up in a loony bin.
Because he’s a political marzipan dildo
Brexit has created a 'lost generation' of public services
PM Must Seek Confidence of The People Not Just The Commons #Brexit
If aborting the whole enterprise is not on the table, then Theresa May’s deal remains far superior to its most likely alternative: a fruitless quest for a unicorn #Brexit, possibly led by Jeremy Corbyn, writes for .
Is that what you would call it, more like she wont listen to and ignores everybody. I don't call that strength. How about ignorance and arrogance just for starters. Just look into her face, it is empty, there is nothing there.
Talking #brexit and #markets with
To The biggest attack on UK democracy comes from politicians obsessed with ‘honouring’ corruption And corruption from outside this country You’ll all be condemned by history
The UK and US governments are both falling apart at the seams, but there is no way Donald Trump could survive 1 minute of parliamentary questions whereas Theresa May holds her composure even now. #TheresaMay #Trump #Brexit #shutdown #DumpTrump
Now she wants cross party support after ignoring them for over two years and also doesn’t invite the leader of the opposition?!? you ok hun? #Brexit
LEAVE NO DEAL!
The fact that the PM has excluded from cross-party talks on #Brexit means also excluding the interests of almost half of voters who supported Labour in the last election. Yet again, ignores half the country. #NoConfidence
"Now I am become Death, the destroyer of worlds."
#ThisMorning host Phillip Schofield rages at parliament after Brexit defeat 'Bunch of CLOWNS'
“There is a camp that reckons no deal is ideal. It would put Britain among those that trade with the EU on World Trade Organization terms. They include Hong Kong, Singapore, and New Zealand...
Today’s top pics: Brexit deal rejection to bring chaos and more
Needs must! #Brexitdeal #Brexit
Poor answer. Knowing that, and having known for months WA likely to be voted down, sensible approach was to do what has been doing, ie building cross party support for #CommonMarket2 given there is little support for their permanent CU option. Front bench MIA on Brexit
What an incredibly stupid stupid.. individual. May doesn't care about you or me, just keeping the hard brexit loons in her party happy. It's ALL ABOUT THE TORY PARTY. No 10 rules out customs union before cross-party talks begin
Dream on
Pharma comments on Brexit withdrawal rejection
The country needs closure on Brexit sooner rather than later. They voted and were promised whichever way they voted it would be respected. May has promised to follow through. She has said multiple times we will leave on the 29th of March. She is a liar.
I support Jeremy Corbyn positions, hope he &amp; the party can win a GE &amp; sort the problems of this country like poverty and Brexit. I think as PM, JC will set a great example to the world and hopefully a new trend to overcome the recent turn to neofascism #JC4PM2019 #newLabourmember
DUP 'live in a fairytale world' over Brexit says Sinn Fein's O'Neill
May cannot yield knows the Moggies will oust her. The solution is for the Commons to take control of Brexit from her
Sky News Reporter NAILS IT on Brexit via
Brexit: 'a case study of how nationalist demagogy can destroy a country'. Goes for Trumpism, too. My British-American self would feel really homeless if I didn't live in Scotland.
Well done to Jo Swinson against this ridiculous, blinkered man. Has Labour never made any mistakes in government? Has Labour ever apologised for taking us into an illegal war in Iraq, raiding our pensions, for the role in the financial crisis etc.? Get real.
has been pushing in parliament for a no deal Brexit then votes against May’s deal and tries to tell us he did so because he reckons we can get a better deal. Why push for a no deal then? Man is a mystery to me. He needs to make his mind up what he thinks is best!
Nope. All biased towards EU and anti-Brexit.
Johnny for PM!!
British nationals in France: What happens in the absence of a withdrawal agreement? #France #Brexit #EU
Ireland cannot shift on hard border after Brexit - Varadkar via
Balfour boss in Brexit blast at Chancellor
Historian: Queen Should Suspend Parliament to Stop Anti-Brexit Plots
An alternative CS Lewis quote to suit a different #Brexit stance: “Aim at heaven and you get earth thrown in. Am at earth and you get neither.” Despite repeated questioning, CS Lewis would not be drawn on a Customs Union.
Slovenia reacts as Theresa May loses the big vote on the Withdrawal Agreement, has 3 days to come up with a "Plan B", and just 72 days until Article 50...
BBC News - Brexit and no-confidence vote: Corbyn targets 'zombie government'
I cycle in to work along Westminster. I do miss the quiet and peaceful days when the green just used to have one slightly windswept politician being interviewed on it and fewer gazebos/cameras/hoardes of protesters/foreign journalists looking baffled/amused/alarmed.
Your informed optimism coupled with some historical horse-sense is a welcome change from the 24/7 Brexit cacophany, sir. Do continue.
A Labour government mightn't solve the Brexit problem, but Brexit isn't the only problem in this country. Remainiacs often forget that. #GTTO
Labour will lose because it’s supporters will try to skip to UKIP they fear. But if Brexit happens and causes pain, it’s Tories that’ll carry the can. Labour won’t win a seat in Scotland again, nor Tories, and they will hold northern town. No majority at next election, all crap.
Yes! And Corbyn wriggles out of committing labour to pro or anti brexit in their manifesto, if we go to a general election.
Is there any point in politics today until the motion for no confidence is voted upon(?) (The answer is no, no there is not) #NoConfidenceMotion #Brexit
this is turning into yet another debate on Brexit with the same arguments
via These Are the Stocks to Watch After U.K. Government's Crushing Brexit Loss
British Expats Buy Cheaper Pints as Brexit Chaos Threatens Spanish Idyll #beer #news
Truly Corbyn's presence is that on the periphery as Leader of the Opposition that has merely managed to *checks notes* defeat the government by a margin of 230 with a broad cross-section of Parliament.. #Brexit #BrexitVote
These Are the Stocks to Watch After U.K. Government's Crushing Brexit Loss
Someone bring me up to speed with all the politics going on rn. Kept my head out of the game for a bit and seems I missed quite a lot of brexit news.
Swiggity Swooty, coming for that [Hard Brexit with no European concessions because frankly we have no idea what's happening oh god please hel
He nails Brexit but his target in his last comment is the Gilets Jaunes. Direct democracy a disaster, he says, in a world of fake news/social media siloes. IE referenda are a poor form of government. But many in UK now look to another referendum to save them from Brexit. Paradox.
BBC News - Brexit: What happens now? This is obviously a shifting situation but I think you will find the diagrams in this article a help. Unit 2 Democracy Unit 3 Wider World (EU)
This thread. telling us how it is. It’s laughable, how absurd the whole situation with Brexit is...
Cameron, is concerned more for than UK. She must be prepared to relax her red lines. If not Parliament MUST take over. #Brexit
it's not Tadjikistan here, there will be an option for leavers and they will tick it! ----&gt; as an aside, I happen to think that if the only "Brexit" box is a soft Brexit box, that will backfire on us, bad
Although i’d quite like this to be true, it isn’t..the pound rose on the increasing possibility of no Brexit...a motion of no confidence which he’s going to lose won’t have been a factor.
Finnish PM was asked about #Brexit by , he said: - His no.1 option has always been for the UK not to leave at all - He thinks the EU would + should agree to extend Art. 50 beyond March 29 - That a second referendum is now more likely
No Brexit is the problem, the UK wants another referendum and politicans are playing politics with our future. They are putting everything above what is good for the UK.
These Are the Stocks to Watch After U.K. Government's Crushing Brexit Loss
Because it's one of the main reasons for the brexit vote. Immigration.
I apologise to future generations that will have to study #Brexit in A-level history...
Maybe this time google "What is Brexit" BEFORE the vote?
Where the two and a half years of Brexit negotiations for nothing? Is there more negotiating to be done? or do we need to leave on WTO rules at this point? #brexit #BrexitChaos #Brexitdeal #BrexitDealVote #UKPolitics
This is a bollox comparison on #Brexit as both Darth Vader and Obi Wan Kenobi knew what they were doing and had a plan!
Polling Matters - Episode 155 What do Labour and Tory Party members think about Brexit?
Local solicitor questioning Paul Flynn’s absence from the Brexit vote last night. 63,000 people unrepresented? I understand Flynn’s very ill and I genuinely do sympathise, however it is right to question why he hasn’t resigned yet, since announcing intention to do so in Oct
'Foreigners Like You Have No Right to Interfere' It is hard to be a migrant in Brexit Britain
Everyone who wants #Brexit #NoDealBrexit unfollow He Dares You! IF half his followers unfollow - He says he'll shit himself Again!
Notable that House of Commons not full for #NoConfidenceVote debate - further evidence that parties just going through the motions rather than trying to forge a #Brexit compromise. #TheresaMay taking more interventions than #JeremyCorbyn
Perhaps whatever strategy is in play has been insufficiently communicated. JC playing his cards too close to his chest, a possibility if his plan is as you predict. Not sure about AV system, not especially fair to have two of three options as brexit in that case is it?
But both in favour of a Brexit that they either can’t define or is undeliverable!
On 28 December 2018 the UK deposited its instrument of accession in respect of the Hague Convention on Choice of Court Agreements 2005. The Convention will enter into force for the UK on 1 April 2019 in the event of a no-deal Brexit #brexit #law #uklaw
Thanks. That helps. Now the people vote for Brexit but Parliament voted it down. Who will win?
Indeed, but if we don't Brexit we have the opportunity to join in the international efforts to contain tax avoidance.
There's about a 80% chance we wont leave by the 29th of march. However, there is still a 70% chance Britain leaves the EU after that. Ques wont get longer after a no deal brexit. I cant think how you'd even come to that argument.
Good to see a full house at Public Sector Network Wales event Joanne Thompson + Sarah Whittle discussing procurement challenge case law + tactics, Simon McCann discussing procurement post-Brexit and Patrick Halliday discussing the CoA Faraday judgment
The country is starting to suffer from Brexit fatigue. Farage will not let us forget about it though...
We the voters will tell the politicians what we want in regards to brexit, not what the politicians want! I want to leave the EU with out of the CU and out of the SM and full control of our borders and a massive reduction in immigration. #brexit
Well said.
German carmakers warn hard Brexit would be ‘fatal’ #irishbiz #Ireland #Irish #Sme
There is no clearer indication of the true nature of Anti democracy, Globalist Fascists &amp; who seek to enslave &amp; impoverish the 99% under the yoke of the corrupt, anti democracy, Corporate Oligarchy who control the Neoliberal Fascist EU #PMQs
'There is neither time nor the appetite for another episode of fantasy Brexit in which all kinds of false promises are made for half-in, half-out proposals which then fall apart in negotiations'
So the BBC that platforms Corbyn critics saying he didn’t campaign actually cut short his keynote Brexit Remain speech. This YouTube can to be pieced together from a BBC video and Sky video because the entire wasn’t shown! See what’s going on Einstein?
front bench very quiet after highlights their total lack of #Brexit plan. Even his front bench can't defend on this point. #NoConfidenceVote #NoConfidence
What happens now with #Brexit? #TheresaMay
career parachute candidate taking a shot at . with a few more pragmatists in the tory government, we wouldn't be in this muck. instead, there's point scoring attempts and an absurd escalation of commitment.
He’s passing the trench test with flying colours
This idiot needs to be kicked off LBC, I stopped listening to him a long time ago, as you say he is a sneering judgmental prick.
The Brexit debacle has really highlighted how confusing it can be that the American and British meanings of "table a motion" are basically opposite.
Our latest IP update includes comments on the Supreme Court’s recent ruling in the Lyrica case along with our #Brexit survival guide
Well done matey: Lenin would have been proud of you for having helped to create the biggest political mess that the uk has ever faced. Job only half done. Next step full Brexit which will bring unemployment and the most left wing labour government the UK has ever seen!
2019 energy is extremely this guy doing a Brexit DJ set outside parliament last night #FBPM
#TheresaMay challenges #Corbyn on his refusal 5 times on #Marr to say whether or not he would campaign for or against #Brexit in the #GeneralElection he's so keen to get #NoConfidenceMotion #NoConfidenceVote
BREXIT
May insists she understood reasons for her Commons defeat, and will show flexibility, but then gives an evidence-free interpretation of why British people voted for Brexit. Knowledge of the implications of CU at the time of referendum was minimal. Look up google search history.
1/ Ok this is the last time I'm going to reply to people that just reply "bullshit" One last time. It's my job, I, along with 1000's of other pilots are being forced change our UK licenses as they are not valid in EU if it becomes a hard brexit.
Yes. Surely showing confidence in a PM and government who's flagship policy on Brexit you voted against to contribute to the greatest defeat in Parliamentary history is hypocritical and a dereliction of responsibility for those Plymouth constituents you speak for in Westminster?
I don’t think the BBC has a good idea of what it wants to achieve. There is a clear lack of representation of remainer views on news programs but Brexit certainly gets the kicking it deserves on its comedy programs.
Binance Jersey Lightens The Brexit Mooed For UK Crypto Fans
Good summary Steve, for some UK followers too! #LetsGoWTO #NoDealBrexitBrexit #NoDealNoProblem #nodeal #LeaveMeansLeave
Thers is no shortage of #brexit plans in the #UK #parliament. In fact, there are 634 plans, one for each #MP. All the #EU has to do is accept them. All of them. All at the same time. #deal #nodeal #noconfidencevote
Imagine how different/refreshing politics would be if it was somehow against the law not to give a yes or no answer to a question that clearly merits one?! How do we let them get away with it? #brexit #BrexitShambles
I've been shallowly pro-Brexit—I lack sufficient knowledge for a deeply held opinion—but EU-skeptic makes a good anti-Brexit argument in today's newsletter
Scotland has stood shoulder to shoulder with the EU and now asks EU to stand shoulder to shoulder with her Please back this petition and ensure Scotland REMAINS in EU after this disastrous Brexit.
The whole idea of the #EU was to reduce regulatory barriers between member countries… That’s what #Brexit was about. Creating more regulations to prevent immigration to #Britain. They should have a 2nd referendum laying out the terms of #Remain, or #Brexit clearly this time.
Brexit #ThingsThatAreBadForYourHealth
We arent "moving" been here for a while ;). Supported leave not "Brexit".
Beginning/middle/end. Not alternative acceptable.
People who feel sorry for #TheresaMay - she did actually put herself up for this KNOWING that #Brexit was an impossible situation. #NoConfidenceVote
WTO rules: What happens if there's a no-deal Brexit? - BBC News
"Take a second look, May urges MPs before Brexit vote" -
Government ‘sneaks out’ £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote #Brexit #NoConfidence #GoodDayToBuryBadNews #Austerity #Tories #BenefitCuts
She was a very reluctant remainer imo. She only made a couple of Hal hearted speeches when Cameron forced her out near the end of the campaign &amp; has gone the full hard Brexit ever since.
Brexit: Before no confidence vote, a low-level letterbox ban debate
. boss Leo Quinn was among UK business chiefs on a conference call last night with ministers - including chancellor Philip Hammond and Brexit secretary Stephen Barclay:
Posted...
WTO Brexit with sensible negotiation afterwards.
*New BL London event* Come to our New Year lecture on Britain and Brexit from Maurice Glasman. He’ll be talking about how to build a radical and conservative nation after we leave the EU. Tues 29th January, 6pm, The Ship on Borough Road. See you there!
First post-Brexit British car rolls off production line [This is not nearly as cool as the DB-5. Still, I suspect you'll really feel the road when driving this beast. I do worry about the electrical system. Is this a return to Lucas?] #humor #Brexit
As Tony Montana explained, “...when chu get the money, chu get the power. Then when chu get the power, chu get the women.” And federal government has all of the money.
China Boosts Netflix as Investors Ignore Brexit Vote Read more: #cryptocurrency #cryptonews #crypto #algory #trading
I believe No Deal Brexit would temporarily cause economic damage, but far less and for a far shorter time than the 2008 financial crisis. After that recovery would accelerate.
Just under 335,000 signatures and debated in Parliament as part of an exercise with other petitions getting far fewer signatures. More game playing by the gov't to ignore the true voice of the UK - LEAVERS!
Trying to appease tory xenophobia can never be achieved because hatred of foreigners is in their genes
So the Brexit omnishambles will continue to grind on till the end of time...I have to leap to my radio every time the dreaded B word is uttered. Still it is the best exercise I'm getting at the moment.
I wish I was out of it. We were planning such from 2014, but health issues and being smacked in the face with a Brexit bat didn't help.
Yesterday we saw the biggest defeat any government has faced in modern British political history. So what happens next? Dr Gemma Loomes from explains #Brexit
Yeah 'brexit what the hell happens now?' Did it mid 2016, he saw all this complicated shite coming a mile off
There's a tectonic shift in how Britain is governed. Parliament flexes its muscles and the PM struggles to force through her agenda—a dynamic more characteristic of America’s gridlock-prone system. Welcome, Britain, to a truly democratic system.
One thing about the Brexit “debate” which irritates me most is how the millionaires behind the two wings of the debate are basically elites complaining about other elites.
From the ERGs strategy I can only assume they are incompetent politicians. Why would they not leap at their only chance to change the leader? May will sink them and their party loyalty #NoConfidenceMotion #Brexit
Do find it a bit weird the lack of responsibility we all take for the population voting to leave. If we’d all voted to remain, nobody would be saying the referendum was a bad idea.
No deal is still better than a bad deal, that means out of the EU &amp; trade under WTO rules, toxic MSM UK MPs+PM are antidemocratic Globalists, no amount of money can buy UK independence. Join #ForBritain &amp; get your freedom back. j
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
Watching the #Shutdown and #Brexit, I realise that Schadenfreude is real.
Toxic Masculinity and Brexit
Brexit: Twitter users mock Theresa May's 'epic fail' -
Tiresome that this No Confidence debate has morphed I to an extension of what we have suffered for the last month ie a debate on Brexit. There is more to life
Thanks for the thread
And Mr Wetherspoons the only man with a business in the Whole of the U.K. that actually wants a No Deal Brexit
Buy Bitcoins! The first 5,000 users to complete Account Verification (KYC) on will each be rewarded with 20 EUR! Make sure to follow to see our next announcement! #Brexit #Bitcoin #BestDeal #YourChance #Future
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK - CNNPolitics #SmartNews
Brexit power of 3; 1) vote is honoured and we leave 29/03/19 2) a public inquiry is launched to investigate any illegal influence by foreign and domestic actors. 3) if a compelling body of evidence is found, a referendum is held, to uphold the previous vote or discount it. #UK
I think if I was picking my 5 a side team this guy would get in
I would definitely demand #Indyref2
Think you'll find meaningful vote was more down to and remain MPs
Yummy #thismorning #jeremykyle #VIRGO #Brexit
BBC News - Brexit vote: Donald Tusk hints UK should stay in EU
have faith in the UK and take comfort that, with a WTO Brexit, when the going gets tough for German industry, if not Eire farmers, will ensure an EU fudge for Eire/NI border, in order to facilitate a proper UK wide “Canada+++” FTA before 31-12-2019!
Most ordinary folk don't sign up with YouGov website to express an opinion. That is why the polls were wrong on Brexit Ref, May's landslide election win in 2017, Trump v Clinton, Macron v Le Penn, etc
regardless of who is PM brexit will go ahead because people voted for it. It’s too late to change your mind now.
Only a General election can extend Article 50!! And here is why... #Brexit #BrexitShambles #GeneralElectionNow #Article50
i agree with that but i think a bad brexit will bring that on anyway nothing like bank accounts being empty to fuel tension groups like saoradh and others are becoming more and more active the media in the republic and the uk have done there best not to cover it!
It's Summer 2020. A Second #Brexit Referendum means the UK is still in the EU. Jeremy Corbyn is Prime Minister. England have just won the Euros. Life is good again.
Theresa May needs to be voted out. She's a very, very bad PM. Watching her this afternoon shows that so very clearly. She even tried to stop MPs having a say on Brexit in the courts. Remember? #NoConfidenceVote
Some people if they say something often enough will actually believe it...
Listening : Living Colour - Stain; Taraf de Haidouks - Maskarada; Various - It's Spelt Speciality; Max Richter - The Blue Notebooks. Bravo MPs now STOP BREXIT #StopBrexit
*Laughs mirthlessly forever*
Although given that that’s the case it does blow holes in those who defend him by claiming he has to fudge on Brexit to protect Labour MPs in Leave constituencies.
: nothing to offer to get out of #Brexit impasse, same with &amp; then there's the awkward factor that many w/class votes delivered #Brexit win but these voters would be biggest #Brexit losers economically - only escape from #Maybot chaos is #PeoplesVote
Brexit: MEPs pen letter urging Britain to reverse decision to leave EU. How surprising, more proof that the EU doesn’t respect democracy..
What would happen if we spent 38 billion pounds on the areas that voted for Brexit? Boston, Linconshire, which had the highest Leave vote, would get the most money, all the way down to Lambeth, which had the lowest Remain proportion. #brexit #creativeSolutions
What the UK government’s Brexit deal defeat means for trademark owners. #Brexit
I think the is a very Anglo centric viewpoint because the EU and Europe in general are dealing with their own political and civil issues from which Brexit is a distraction, they don't have time to give this another go round while they are dealing with their own existential crisis
Hi Kwasi. Well done matey: Lenin would have been proud of you for having helped to create the biggest political mess that the uk has ever faced. Job only half done. Next step full Brexit which will bring unemployment and the most left wing labour government the UK has ever seen!
The normal person is fucked either way. In or out, normal people are ignored. We've just had 10 years of austerity, get ready for another 10 that they will blame on Brexit
Great middle section on Brexit from the Pod Dave the World podcast. "If Britain leaves with no deal, they're fucked".
Britain right now #Brexit #BrexitVote #BrexitShambles
Boy has that £39 billion got a lot of work to do. A pity it's a legal obligation. As to tariffs, if you won't take it from me, take it from the NFU. Note, in particular, the word "catastrophic". Oh, and certain cuts don't sell here in the UK.
No deal Brexit...2 months of higher prices, Tarriffs on exports and services, job losses and factory closures....government collapses...new election and then the ball is in Corbyn, Sturgen and Cable's court to try and sort out the mess
Thanks for this brief &amp; to the point report on Brexit/May/Parliament. Was a bit confused but now have a clear pic of what's happening. Keeping my fingers crossed that the people of Britain get what they voted for! Good luck.
The problem with Brexit is that there’s no obvious next step There is No Deal. UK cannot build a future on weak foundations. UK can find solutions from a foundation started by the UK and delivering the UK.
Junior and senior CCP Comp students explore bias in the media and compare coverage of the news among different media. Stories include Brexit, the shutdown, and the Chinese lunar probe. Sources: Rolling Stone, Washington Post, NYTimes, among many others. Great stuff.
Worth keeping in mind come the General Election that Conor McGinn is a remainer and St Helens voted overwhelmingly to leave. Brexit supporting voters will have our say at the GE.
That’s what I always think about. If there was no Brexit for 2.5 years how many problems would we have solved.
Heiko Maas: Brexit talks could go on if May loses vote via But he warned British lawmakers that they must not expect any substantial or fundamental changes to the withdrawal agreement May signed in Brussels in November. Germany stands firm
Seriously? Same old nonsense from ? If all sides of the house put aside their political ambitions and worked collaboratively to sort out Brexit, things might work out much better for us, the public whom you should be serving, rather than your own ambitions.
Perhaps other journos are experiencing this too: everyone I know outside of politics is asking me what's going on with Brexit at the moment. Think that's a reflection of how remote and opaque it seems from the outside, which isn't helping the factors that led to the Leave vote.
Well put...
You can tell she is kept away from the normal goings on in this fractured isle. Chaos,Diversion and delay are the constants of today's UK!
Here's a good Brexit metaphor she may wish to consider to assist the Dup!
Also I made this comment last night at dinner and a friend asked what the Brexit deal was gonna be and come on dude, we don't know what it will be or even if there'll be one, that's literally the point
I'm deeping the fact that there has been like 2 general elections in the last 4 years....wow...and there might be a 3rd #Brexit
Theresa May faces no-confidence vote after her Brexit plan is crushed.
We Only Want a Clean Brexit as Voted For. Leaving The EU &amp; Customs Union. We did not vote for any soft deal at all. Nether does anyone want a second referendum full stop. Get Real and Get Us Out of Europe and stop the EU dictating to the UK once and for all. Full Brexit Now.
AP: BREAKING: EU Brexit negotiator Barnier says EU is 'fearing more than ever' a chaotic departure of UK from bloc. -
wild that the Tories decided they needed someone both stubborn and oblivious enough to ruthlessly drive the UK over the Brexit cliff while letting everyone else in the party at least go through the motions of saying "not it," and they found them already in their frontbench
Commendable after Brexit point of view
With no CU or SM the first plan B looks like a Canada style FTA. That will please the Ultra right. I suspect when it becomes clear that there is no majority for it the PM will double down on a no deal brexit.
Jeremy Clarkson issues foul-mouthed summary of Brexit via
Ali, neither the EU or the Tories have done *anything* to help people in poverty. Only a Labour government will reverse those punitive policies, and do right by democracy - by delivering a Brexit that addresses the needs of business, and the reasons people voted Remain or Leave.
In which way am I wrong? As it stands UK issued EASA licences will not be valid for all privileges. after Brexit. This is why 1000s of UK commercial pilots are transferring to other states. As an aside I support Brexit.
DUP want to go back to the days of the troubles so they can be popular again. Brexit is driven by self interests
Brexit is great.. it's a show of more than England.. Scotland getting their oar in.. Ireland putting it about.. Wales.. well.. I'm on it!
Wow. The guy on the left is a whole different breed of moron.
Now Mays deal has been killed it also surely means that the whole Brexit project is dead too? Some other approach is needed like a consultation of the population of the UK and urgently
Brexit power of 3; 1) vote is honoured and we leave 29/03/19 2) a public inquiry is launched to investigate any illegal influence by foreign and domestic actors. 3) if a compelling body of evidence is found, a referendum is held, to uphold the previous vote or discount it. #UK
Theresa May: An extinct prime minister and her dead-man-walking government (by George Galloway) — RT Op-ed
2/ "May says people voted for Brexit because they felt people were not listening to them. That is why it is important to implement the result of the referendum, she says."
The Government's Dad's Army approach to Brexit
Make Canada pay for it.
Throughout this whole Brexit omnishambles, the only 2 positives are Marina Hyde &amp; John Crace. Consistently uplifting writing. I hope The Guardian treasures them.
LISTEN: BBC host accidentally drops C-bomb in awkward Jeremy Hunt gaffe on live TV /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote
This article is written by an Iraq War apologist. J.K. Rowling is dangerously ignorant.
He is certainly giving the impression that he is fully Brexit compliant.
If vote of confidence succeeded and there was GE v shortly, what wd be Labour manifesto: (1) Brexit, but we’ll get a better deal from EU, or (2) 2nd ref w remain option? As I understand, Labour needs to fail to get GE before it will look at 2nd referendum. Have I misunderstood?
Hard Brexit, soft Brexit, CAPITAL LETTER BREXIT
Living in Ireland with a UK #pension? What will #Brexit mean for you? Mathew B Tully of explains the potential implications.
5 things to know Wednesday
BBCNEWS 6:08am CONFIDENCE VOTE DEBATE. Covbyn: Govt not capable of winning suppon for Brexit plan' - I CONFIDENCE VOTE DEBATE. Jeremy...
Dear and , #Brexit is &amp; always has been non partisan. In 2016 you should have put the country first and worked with ALL parties to make a Deal. You didn’t &amp; now we are the world’s joke. Step aside &amp; let show you how it is done #BrexitChaos
We've had a Post-Brexit election. We are only 18 months in to a 5 year fixed term. Constantly having elections in the a.50 negotiation time period won't help move negotiations on at all. Hopefully you losing your motion tonight will put an end to this nonsense.
Brexit was such a stupid idea. Remember when we voted for Boaty Boatface? Sometimes it's better it ignore the mob.
If is so sure of her deal and her plan over Brexit, why did members of her own party reject it &amp; why is she so obsessed with ’s? I really do think she is deluded and on planet cuckoo.
I have concluded that unless the EU will make more concessions that the best way forward is no-deal Brexit.
"Prime Minister." "Yes, Sir Graham. How's the 1922?" "Well, you'll get the vote tonight..." "So?" "But you know I voted against you on Tuesday and I don't make a habit of that." "What are you saying, Graham?" "Do you need me to put it into words, Theresa?"
When people confuse a plan with a Christmas wish list:
So for those teaching international relations we need to explain win sets for trade negotiations
He is going to go down in history as that Infamous Prime Minister of the 21st Century who started the whole Brexit mess.
Spot on...sadly both May and Corbyn have lost the confidence of MPs and the country. Self-evidently the vast majority of MPs know this. Only around 200 will back May on Brexit - mostly those on her payroll. Probably fewer would back Corbyn's brexit (lack of) plausible vision...
#Brexit incorrigibility gets a further zoom in with #TheresaMay defeated in parliament...and the proverb 1 lie leads to a 1000 lies is upheld..that lie is D thought among #Brexiteers tht political #Britain can emulate natural geography and remain a successful island!
this brexit shit is off the hook
I don't agree with yoy on a lot of things. However Labour have had two years in the background to decide their Brexit Policy, and still cannot agree on what their policy is.
Petition: Brexit re article 50 it must not be suspended/stopped under any circumstances
I definitely think so! ..... Their other favourite tactic, is to pretend they voted to leave and have now changed their mind...devious bastards! #Remoaners #Brexit #EU
German economy minister suggests the EU should give the UK more time to prevent a #nodeal exit. #Brexit
Only twisted people like you respect fraud, a con and flawed referendum. Where on earth have you heard citizens asked to vote in or out without any information or feasibility study and you call that legitimate vote. You mugger. Brexit is just a colonial mentality kicking in.
Hiya Pete, hope you're well! Pete, Ive recorded a fun Brexit Song, not political at all, just having a laugh about it all, trying to bring some humour to this whole process!! Gonna release myself next week once all in place for PR, iTunes, Spotify. I'd love you to
TM..a GE would "deepen division....bring chaos when we certainty.....would bring delay when we need to move forward" The Tory party can't be much more divided or chaotic at the moment and we certainly aren't moving forward at the moment either! #Brexit #BrexitShambles
I think May get confidence vote the immediately will turn on brexit and bulldoze extension of art50 to buy more time
Maverick agent threatens ‘yellow vest’ civil protest over Brexit #Property #EstateAgents #Brexit
Changing primary purpose...not staggering immigration from new countries in 2004..u turn on a referendum...all played a part in brexit surely ?
Le chat
Petition: Brexit re article 50 it must not be suspended/stopped under any circumstances
Pound climbs higher against dollar and euro after Brexit vote
Ireland readies 'mega' no-deal Brexit legislation package
No, rather it's your duty as a humble "underprivileged" Belgian to glout about how #EU does its damnest to break #UK. You should have the humility to admit that #Brexit is a positive force bringing light into #EU lifeless policies. #EU may be rich but has no global influence.
"Plunged deep into a political quagmire, the country could soon also enter a full-blown constitutional crisis from which we cannot find a way out." What a mess. #brexit
Desperation and lies! labour have made their paln quite clear! only party who is playing politics and is shameless is you. Who cannot take responsibility for your policies and actions! just go!
“If we want Brexit to happen it is now time to seek compromise." #NewarkNews
: kamikaze May must volte-face! The appalling EU punishment WA should be renounced, and unlike Cameron, she must tell the country that, mea culpa, she tried but failed. Accordingly, she now backs a WTO Brexit; it’ll keep her as PM and rejuvenate Tory voters!
#TeresaMay #Brexit #BrexitShambles #PMQs It can't be reasoned with, it can't be bargained with...it doesn't feel pity of remorse or fear...and it absolutely will not stop.Ever. Until you are dead. The Terminator
"Let’s start on Sunday, when the world was young..." on blistering form here.
#BritishPound #vs Dollar #ExchangeRate during last 7 days about #Brexit! I mean, it tells you all you need to know without being an expert. Does it?
If Tory MPs could not vote for May's Brexit deal last night how can they say they have confidence in their government today?
Brexit Chaos, Shutdown Hits Fan, Oh Snap: CEO Daily for January 16, 2019
2 years of Brexit shit and no further forward, sick of it now, just fucking leave with 2 fingers up to EU and no deal, wto terms. job done.
Repurposed the box that the chillies come in. Storing items vertically so I can see what what I have. Post brexit if there's a shortage of chillies or stock cubes. Message me. #tidy…
i'm going to make every american who asks me "why would you go back to england lol brexit" tell me which food affected by the shutdown's halt to regulations they miss the most
Think I’ve solved Brexit!!! The government should explain to the EU that if they don’t drop the backstop then they will force us to leave with No Deal - which, according to the EU’s logic, would necessitate a hard border in Ireland.
Well, They are all traitors to 17.4 million people who voted for Brexit. Their names should be recorded &amp; should never be allowed to stand for Parliament again. They also should be dismissed from the Labour Party...RT if you agree with me...I'm a pensioner &amp; I voted to leave..
In the VofNC debate just now, Theresa May said "people voted for #Brexit because they felt people were not listening to them &amp; that's why it's important to implement the result of the referendum"... but *its NOT* We shouldnt *leave the EU* just because *UK Govt doesnt listen*!!!
CLECAT disappointed by vote on Brexit deal - see our press release
Opinion: Why Jeremy Corbyn may be regretting Theresa May's devastating defeat
The Tories got us into this mess because they thought the far right was gaining power why should labour tell them how to get out of brexit it's all a con we the working class will suffer like we have never known
Incredible- what did our constituents vote on brexit?
He’s destroying our democracies from within!
The U.S. Government Is Shut-Down and Divided. But the U.K.’s Brexit Chaos Is—Somehow—Even Worse
The 2012 play Mr Burns imagines a post-apocalyptic America where the main currency for trade between isolated communities is plotlines from The Simpsons. With that in mind, I have started memorising 's Brexit columns
Must be great living in your world!! Only a few short months ago the BBC was alive with news about the many different companies that would leave the UK after Brexit, how it was going to devalue the pound to an extent that holidays are too dear etc, etc...
#Brexit = All Brits are under a huge fan=the EU membership,blowing vertically up. #Brexteers produces nonsense which like smelling fecal matter floats over due to the generated pressure. #Brexit will be turning off the fan, so everything will fall,all Brits will be dirty&amp;smelly.
Does it matter if the Brexiteers are angry? They've had their chance to bring about their eat-cake-and-have-it Brexit, and it didn't happen.
NOW: speaks with The Economist's Brexit editor John Peet. #BusinessNightly
Jist gonna leave this here
That they haven’t made their support contingent upon her immediate resignation baffles me. Suggests wary of pushing too far (so no split) and looking to save face if no deal unachievable and therefore Brexit undesirable. Brexit’s history.
How markets reacted to Theresa May's historic Brexit defeat vía
Brexit Breakers make music to #Stopbrexit and demand a #PeoplesVote!
Brexit
I don't know why is so keen on a no confidence vote on the , clearly he doesn't put much stock in them. He lost one by his caucus 172-40 in 2016 and just ignored it. #UKPolitics #Ukpoli #Brexit
#Brexit vote: it’s obvious “Leave” vote was ill-thought-out impulse for #Britain as Donald Tusk hints UK should stay in EU.
Feeling stuck on #Brexit and wishing for a radical reboot? Re-upping this excellent and invigorating plan of action from
'It's a shambles': the view from the country on Brexit now
Impact closest to the middle column here. Still very much Hard Brexit.
As it stands right now You go have on a 41% approval rating in the states, Theresa May is currently at 38 percent.... Let that sink in... #brexit #TheresaMay #nodeal #EUwithdrawal #eu
Buy Bitcoins! The first 5,000 users to complete Account Verification (KYC) on will each be rewarded with 20 EUR! Make sure to follow to see our next announcement! #Brexit #Bitcoin #BestDeal #YourChance #Future
"Britain will never vote for Brexit..." Famous last words
hinted at it on #politicsshow
And I bet just like May's brexit deal they all have holes in them.
I despise this man so much that I almost forget that Tony Blair is a war criminal
Was the Brexit date really set to avoid EU tax avoidance laws? It seems not via
of course he doesn't, he gets to wank off to pig porn in his shed for days as a result
I'm getting really pissed off raging angry at the stubbornness of Theresa May &amp; Jeremy Corbyn, w***kers. This is our lives, you are not our parents, don't tell us what is good for us. STOP TELLING US WHAT WE WANT. BREXIT IS NOT THE WILL OF THE PEOPLE. FUCKING ASK US AGAIN #PMQS
I think it is time that the #EU27 closes the #Brexit chapter and simply moves on. We should not invest anymore into this charade of a political debate. Let´s cut our losses, deal with #NoDealBrexit and hope that the UK comes around eventually. #BrexitShambles SO SAD!
The logical outcome is that brexit will be delayed indefinitely
First thing May needs to do is extend Brexit deadline: Sturgeon
This is man NEVER thinks about what is best for the country, only his own narrow dogma. He, like the Tory right, has absolutely no answer to #Brexit. #Corbyn speaks with forked tongue.
A reminder of the 6 words needed to get the Brexit deal over the line and why/how a motivated UK could get the EU to accept this. But if the motivation is a 2nd referendum, Ms. May is playing this perfectly. Brexit: If it's Broken, Fix it
It's like she just wants to ruin this country, jump ship, sit back and watch it all burn. It feels like she's wearing blinkers and just repeating the fact that Brexit MUST be delivered as per the will of the people back in 2016, at any cost. #PMQs
Do it!! Wipe the smug look off traitor Bercow and all the other traitors in parliament.
Good
Only a matter of time until the almighty (unelected) #EU is overruled on #Brexit. They are no longer serving ANYONE's interests least of all #Germany, their erstwhile Lord &amp; Master.
TWAT.
Who doesnt knw wot Lab want? They've been banging it out since conference. CU &amp; SM access plus membership of all other EU bodies. CAP, CFP, etc. An ultrasoft Brexit. #BINO. The only sticking block is FM of Workers, which I believe Corbyn will accept if we get a say on trade deals
Wow. Now are shutting down groups who they deem to be pro #Brexit. How odd that the anti Brexit groups are still up and active? This is what we are fighting against. Don’t underestimate how deep this goes. #GOWTO
Depends who you're talking to... I've just read tweets from many including George Monbiot complaining that although BREXIT is important there are other things just as important or if not more so! Anyone trying to undermine the Labour Leader will, of course complain!
Amid the Tory Brexit wars, deserves a special mention in despatches. He got the number of Tory rebels nearly bang on.
Tom, not you too... labour looks like it doesn’t want to fix anything- just using Brexit as an excuse to take power. I get it from those other chumps but I really thought you would see how bad it looks.
New post (How Europe Reacted To Theresa May's Brexit Deal Vote Defeat) has been published on Newsbuzzr -
No 10 rules out customs union before cross-party talks even begin &lt; May’s hard right red lines will cause hard Brexit
The good people of Wales voted out. We still want out, please respect our vote. We don't want a second vote on Brexit, unless you give us a second vote on getting rid of the unnecessary Welsh Assembly
In between the important Brexit vote yesterday I was delighted to welcome members of the Tamil diaspora in Parliament for Pongal. As celebrations continue can I wish Tamils everywhere a very happy #ThaiPongal
Brexit Brexit
What chaos? 'What now, Britain?': How Europe reacted to UK 'chaos' after Theresa May's Brexit deal defeat via
The Prime Minister is still taking the line that the referendum in 2016 gave a legal duty to the government to implement Brexit which is untrue . It was only advisory .... why is no one in the chamber making this important point ?
Irish PM denies having secret no-deal Brexit plan for border checks #ireland
Brexit, what's gonna happen? Gov. Falling apart! Will we stay? Will we leave with no deal and DIE??? Will there be a GE or another vote? Is America a dictatorship? Is China Gonna take over? What's gonna happen? It's all so exciting.!!! Spice up your life! RIP UK
This even misses out how overwhelmingly against her Brexit deal MPs are. Again more proof of there being no confidence in her ability to do the Job.
I follow from afar and also not very well but I don't understand why Labour doesn't take at least a re-vote stance on Brexit
A second referendum would destroy the little trust left in our political system The arguments for it are valid and in many ways true Politicians treating its people with decades of contempt and real life detachment is the real reason for Brexit Now what are you going to do?
you Tories should of implemented a Government of National Unity right from the start instead of trying to leave the EU without any idea what you Tories wanted! Now of course you are reaping the chaos of that bad rotten thinking, playing politics with Brexit hasn't worked has it!
Brexit and no-confidence vote: Corbyn targets 'zombie government'
Ireland readies 'mega' no-deal Brexit legislation package
Neil Warnock signing an Argentine player from a French side in the same week he’s moaning about Brexit. What an absolute plank he is
IATA warns up to 5 million UK-EU flight seats at risk from no-deal Brexit vía
Ooo steady boys
Someone has gotta explain to me how this "brexit" is gonna work. How far do they have to move the island of great britain before its no longer in europe??! I feel like they didnt really think this through
This is the best assessment of the current situation I've read. Check the thread out. But or anyone... Could you explain what's to stop , the , and to join as a grand coalition? Between them they represent a huge anti-Brexit front.
Brexit deal defeat makes 'softer, later' exit more likely: Goldman Sachs
But is the body cold enough
If Labour can get into office before we leave yes, we'll negotiate a great deal for the UK. The EU dont want that of course, because they had us with her crappy withdrawal agreement which now it's been rejected they prefer we remain. Only Labour could deliver successful Brexit.
Ireland readies 'mega' no-deal Brexit legislation package
Brexit deal defeat makes 'softer, later' exit more likely: Goldman Sachs
No! Brexit end of March. History lasting for two years. ENOUGH! Brexit NOW!
I think we're all starting to see that privelege and education are not necessary in politics. In fact, they appear to be a hindrance.
If a member state cannot leave the EU on the basis of a deal, this is an inditement if the EU and feeds into the narrative of a democratic deficit. I say that as a fan. #brexit
Wow. They've asked you to be the new PM and sort out Brexit for us?
This is the EU trying frantically and violently to prevent its own demise. ..and liberals want to be part of this? Be careful what you wish for #Remainers #Brexit
Fearing no-deal-Brexit, first Brits leave the country. Service-tweet, courtesy
#brexit the public voted out so Labours custom union and single market won’t be acceptable to the people. Parliament might go for it though...
Brexit Live: Theresa May faces MPs ahead of confidence vote
There is a clue to Theresa May's plan B for Brexit in her no confidence debate speech this afternoon: not one word has changed from her usual spiel. So we can assume a similar degree of change between plans A and B.
I think he was reminding everyone that there are many other areas , where this government has failed miserably . Put them all together with Brexit and it`s pretty damning .
"He's just been made Sir, he must be good at something."
Any one ever seen him in the same room as Dominic Raab?
This brexit situation is just a L lingering for time. Just make it happen and deal with it...
Labour MP Tulip Siddiq delays giving birth so she can vote on Brexit deal
As much as I admire #RobinWilliams' description of #Parliament "like Congress, but with a two drink minimum" there is something perverse and out of touch in this moment about MPs yucking it up, joking around in no confidence debate like #Brexit isn't swallowing the country whole
The uncertainty over #Brexit must come to an end - says #Senedd
While I appreciate that #NorwayPlus is the least damaging #Brexit option. There are 3 unsurmountable problems: 1. It doesn't solve the Irish Border problem. 2. It makes UK a rule taker, with no say in the rules. 3. The majority of Brexiters hate it. It will not appease them.
Ooops. Will little Leo save their livelihoods. I doubt it. This touble making rubbish prime minister is gonna be the ruin of Ireland.
Not unlike the elitists and bureaucrats in the Brit's issue with Brexit, our "representatives" in Congress ignore the will of We the People continuing to fund tax abortion. Poll Americans Say Abortion Should Be Restricted | Breitbart via
The ' excellent interactive 'Explore the Border' map is a chilling reminder of why the stakes of Brexit are so high for border communities. The backstop is not about us Irish being awkward, it's about preventing a relapse into violence. #Brexit
via Brexit BLUFF: Rees-Mogg happy to WAIT because are EU under pressure for first time #UK_News
Lol how in the actual fuck can you say that Nicola Sturgeon has poorly handled Brexit?
She is just running down the clock to No Deal or No Brexit.
STOP POINTING ON THE OPPOSITION! YOU HAVE ONE JOB!! CANCEL BREXIT MAY! #pmqs
Another binary vote without any explanation of the implications of a no deal Brexit. So in the absence of hard facts gut feeling takes over. Same thing happened with the referendum. People voted on gut feeling, prejudice and the utter lies they were fed.
BREXIT
I think the situation here in the US is much easier to fix than Brexit, which I am not sure how I feel about it. A good old fashion political compromise, and forcing the Senate Majority Leader to do his job.
This is a serious overstatement by CNN. And it’s dreadfully wrong.
SNP should (still) offer to back May’s British Brexit in return for Westminster’s permission to hold second Scottish Independence Referendum
Parliament is deadlocked. Brexit is in chaos. The people must now be given the chance to fix this mess. That's what's . Sign the petition at #LetUsDecide
Truth!!
Biased Left-Wing Media In USA too. Good on for exposing them. Journalism is dead through indoctrination. #PremierLesgue #Brexit #LeaveEU #MAGA
Backing a referendum is only preventing Brexit if that’s what the people want. Who could blame them if they had changed their mind.
If you really think the UK is in crisis, it makes zero sense to continue the government that put it there. #justsaying #NoConfidence #Brexit
Nice trough if one can get one's snout in it! Grrrrrrr
get 100% absolutely fucked, Mr Cameron
I thought my pride was high but wow
May, like Cameron, is concerned more for than UK. She must be prepared to relax her red lines. If not Parliament MUST take over. #Brexit
Great post pointing out that people proposing #Brexit didn't make use of #SMART goals.
When Scotland held a referendum to leave the UK, the SNP had put out a very detailed proposal of how it would work. No such proposal was put forward for #Brexit.
I would be keen to long Pound sterling. Simple reason, the only worse result than current anxious sentiment is no deal brexit under Jeremy Corbyn goverment. So, easy money.
#Brexit is neither specific (it was never specified whether Single Market membership would continue), measurable (everybody has a different idea of what Brexit looks like), achievable (with the UK government's red lines, they've boxed themselves into a corner), ...
So basically she wants a cross party deal that looks remarkably like her Withdrawal deal? Stupid, stubborn cow.
Aye that'll be why they think we're "better together" no other reason #cashcow #indyref2
Pompous posturing from a man who is unlikely to be around very much longer to make these assumptions!
Theresa May omits Jeremy Corbyn from cross-party Brexit talks
From the prime minister to to , including &amp; - politics in this country is a bloody shambles. Start behaving like grown ups and talk to each other. Pathetic, the lot of you. #shambles #brexit
Brexit is a very bad decision for the West. Suits Putin who had a huge influence in the referendum
5 things to know for January 16: Brexit, William Barr, Kenya, El Chapo, shutdown - CNN
This is the last chance for Brexit supporting MP’s to force her OUT! #NewLeaderNow #NoConfidence
clearly no-one wants to appear on the Brexit Broadcasting Corp as it's the mouthpiece now for the Tory Govt.
Justin Welby: no-deal Brexit would harm poorest people in UK
No, we are wasting our time with British toddlers about #Brexit
Even a stopped clock I guess.
You haven't read the Telegraph today .. Scotland's Oil will save the UK. Also the McCrone report makes good reading. Scotland is as viable a Norway .. England after Brexit not so much
What does a no deal Brexit mean for UK - and how it could dramatically change your life
The problem with the current setup of #democracy is the amount of deadlocks possible. #GovernmentShutdown #brexit. you just sit there asking something you cannot give because someone else won't let go before you give in.
#Brexit is the worst reality TV show why won’t the network cancel this mess?
Well I think they will lose but we will know by tonight and see who’s right but I have no idea what will happen with Brexit overall
#Europe weights impact of #Brexit on medical drug supplies. With up to 70% of medicines on the Irish market either coming from or transit through the #UK, #Ireland appears vulnerable.
I’d rather see Brexit cancelled altogether but these polls never give that option
( ) God how I wish I could write like this... …
One more good thing about brexit, the truth is coming out abut polititions.
Buy Bitcoins! The first 5,000 users to complete Account Verification (KYC) on will each be rewarded with 20 EUR! Make sure to follow to see our next announcement! #Brexit #Bitcoin #BestDeal #YourChance #Future
Brexit has been a great exercise in separating the radical socialist wheat from the social democratic and liberal chaff. Discuss.
, BREXIT: Time is so short that the only sensible option is to agree to stop Article 50 and prolong the decision date from 29 March until just prior to the European elections
As it stands right now Yougov have on a 41% approval rating in the states, Theresa May is currently at 38 percent.... Let that sink in... #brexit #TheresaMay #nodeal #EUwithdrawal #eu
#TheresaMay has refused to meet #Corbyn so that's dead in the water ...
She’s wearing chains like Jacob Marley’s ghost!!! #Brexit #May
Are any bookies taking bets on Brexit not happening?
Theresa May's Brexit deal has been defeated. Now, to stop a No Deal Brexit, we need more time. I’ve signed the emergency petition calling for Article 50 to be extended or withdrawn. You can sign it, and sign up to hear more from , here:
What are the implications of a no-deal Brexit for British travellers?
It's looking like we're in a Brexit-lock. - there is no EU deal parliament will agree to. - Labour can't force a GE. - May won't grant a second ref. I suggest we start building guillotines in Trafalgar Square. Slowly. Just to give them a nudge.
I'd do: 1. Brexit - Hold a second vote 2. 2016 Election - Hold a second vote
To be replaced by who? We need Brexit with no deals. How is that gonna happen?
Government ‘sneaks out’ £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote TORIES "LOWER THAN VerMIN"! #RealWorld
Delightful
Very impressive intro: she had me at “betwatted”.
PBoC, ECB &amp; FED Pledge to Stick Around, UK May Faces a 'No Confidence Vote', Bank Earnings Mixed By #PBOC #ECB #Fed #Brexit
Check out our latest White Paper - Impact of Brexit on UK Procurement. Request your copy today #bidding #tenders #brexit #UK #procurement
In the Commons now where Theresa May is saying she wants to talk with MPs but won’t discuss changing her red lines. Her intransigence has led us into this mess. And she has no way out.
#Brexit So what now? A wide range of scenarios open. Here’s what we do know: a) The EU has probably put its best offer on the table. b) Tories are deeply divided and it is very difficult to satisfy both factions AND the EU. c) Labour’s proposal…
5 things to know for January 16: Brexit, William Barr, Kenya, El Chapo, shutdown - CNN
This is not a government.
Brexit deal defeat makes 'softer, later' exit more likely: Goldman Sachs
The totalitarian socialist 'state' speaks. Again, why did we vote leave?
It won't make a big difference to Germany. Their trade surpluses are so large they probably should shrink it a little. They'll still be powerful in 10 years time. It's no big deal for them. Great for the EU overall though. #peoplesvote #brexit
MPs...if you do not want to crash out with no deal. The labour party is the ONLY party guaranteeing this. Its members decide brexit policy and set the manifesto... hey labour members want to remain and reform. So stop being arseholes. You have a duty to prevent a no deal.
I personally think she is going to Sweden at an interesting time to study international law from this September. Some of the legal issues that are likely to affect businesses in 2019 is, of course, Brexit. #Law #Legal #Brexit
The is now open at the With a mix of Modern and Contemporary art incl a work showing Britains, blue passported, potential place in Europe after Brexit.
Are you in the #UnitedKingdom and truly support and respect #brexit? Please help and support #libertarian #MEP #libertarianism #customsunion #brexitdeal #brexitvote #pmqs
Exactly: this is what makes the whole thing so bloody infuriating #Brexit
all i can think of when i read about the brexit clusterfuck
Unless Bros have issued a statement not interested...
She is utterly disingenuous and wants nothing more than to stop Brexit. Why should we listen to people demanding a 2nd referendum when they’ve demonstrated time and again that they don’t respect the result unless it goes their way!?
The North Wales sports millionaire who says 'bring on' no-deal Brexit
WATCH: Potential fallout after Theresa May’s crushing defeat on Brexit
Just LIES to muddy the waters!
#Brexit = All Brits are under a huge fan=the EU membership,blowing vertically up. #Brexteers produces nonsense which like smelling fecal matter floats over due to the generated pressure. #Brexit will be turning off the fan, so everything will fall,all Brits will be dirty&amp;smelly.
via FrenchEntree: British nationals in France: What happens in the absence of a withdrawal agreement? #Brexit #EU — FrenchEntrée (FrenchEntree) January 16, 2019
Brexit chaos, Wylfa Newydd on the brink - but here are seven reasons to stay positive about North Wales economy
No Brexit or a different Brexit where we don't ask for a bespoke deal, like Norway, is the other option.
There is a conspiracy to deliver an unrecognisable #Brexit. Our democracy has been compromised.
Theresa May fights for her government's survival after gruelling PMQs - follow live
Tune in for your Brexit update, by our very own Clare Ballantine #ascotwealthmanagement #ascotwm #economiccommentary #EU #EUROZONE #marketupdates #marketrecap #marketcommentary #financialcommentator #wealthadvisers #financialadvisers #financialservices #Brexit #theresamay
FOLLOWING LIVE: 'Brexit: MPs debate no-confidence motion after May's deal defeat – Politics live' | Politics | The Guardian
Agreed on that. There will be a hard Brexit box however with the disclaimer of a cigarette pack next to it. I don’t think majority will tick imo. We will see
He should #BrexitChaos
Leave voters might be confused today. Michael Gove and Boris Johnson led the official Vote Leave campaign. Last night one voted for Brexit, the other against. Which one of those is the 'will of the people'?
BREXIT: Bye Bye Brexit - we'll never leave the EU now /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Unbelievable! I still can’t believe this is France!! Our MSM is completely ignoring this! Same thing about what is happening all over Europe, South Africa too! If you think this can’t happen in America you are wrong. This is why Trump is working day/night/weekends! He knows.
Yeah, I wouldn't bother talking to Vince either.
This is a very good read that articulates where I am right now. The Brexiteers promised unicorns, May negotiated an actual Brexit deal that they then rejected. Sorry leavers, you had your shot and you’ve failed.
2/ planes will not stop flying, but there will problems. I started the transfer process in November, it's no where near finished The worlds not going to end with a hard brexit, but there are significant licensing problems for pilots working outside the UK with a UK license
Parliament Rejects May’s Brexit Deal
Brexit in dates: From Leave shock to parliament's historic vote
#Ireland Rules! - and what is the bribe to #DUP this time? - another £bn? OR move #British #Parliament to #NorthernIreland? #UnitedIreland #GoForIt #VoteofConfidence #JeremyCorbyn #NoConfidenceVote in #TheresaMay #GeneralElectionNOW #Brexit #wato #BBCpm
Hats off to whoever sold this bad boy in #brexit #prskills
Oh my ,he knows us so well ! #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Stewart Jackson: Downing Street's Brexit strategy 'is like the Wizard of Oz - you pull the curtain back and there's not much there' |
Parliament Rejects May’s Brexit Deal
Brexit in dates: From Leave shock to parliament's historic vote
yes, they have.
#Brexit Live: MPs debating confidence motion after May’s huge Commons defeat
It’s already working. Parliament is learning to be accountable again. These decisions are incredibly complex and even more important. It is good to see parliamentarians wrestling with them. That is what BREXIT is all about.
as a fashion model I can only lend my total and dedicated support to anything the British Fashion Council suggests. They are right!
#Brexit, #PeoplesVote #pmqs #snp #scotref Watch Us Rise - Graham Brown Band via
Re my watching TV news stories recently about UK Brexit; the new deal should exclude the extortion payment to the EU. They should not give in to extortion; being compelled to pay
The only people who won’t be harmed by Brexit are the rich. How can you not see by now that most people will be worse off if it goes through?
Why is #ShelaghFogarty promoting a remain agenda? She talks about ‘hard line brexit mp’s’, of course not mentioning the fact that they are the only politicians in that house honouring the vote yet I don’t expect her to mention that fact. #lbc
What is it with democracy that the EU doesn't seem to understand? The French and Dutch voters rejecting the EU constitution (Lisbon Treaty). The Irish voters rejecting Nice and Lisbon (forced to vote again to get a yes). Now Brexit
What a surprise. I’m so sick of her!
Here you go, Sauced names.
The “satisfactory option” is to present the people of this country with the three routes that Parliament is unable to choose between: 1) no deal Brexit; 2) the withdrawal agreement; 3) no Brexit/ stay in EU. First past the post= choice with most votes wins. Binding for 25 years.
Yeah... I have zero respect for Labour leadership left.
‘Do your duty’: Non-league Boreham Wood urge MPs to vote down Brexit deal
Brexit vote defeat - what now? Construction industry response:
#Brexitcast A little satire on #Brexit that may well be out of date by tomorrow.
We can’t either. Send in the Canadians.
Interesting to think how a new debating chamber would be arranged if and when the House of Commons moves out of palace of Westminster. Can't imagine it would be two sides facing off against each other. #Brexit #skynews
Ireland Simpsons Fans is the only political commentary worth reading tbqh
At least Britain has more to talk about the weather, now #Brexit
you can have my vote, sir!
Brexit: Theresa May's deal is voted down in historic Commons defeat: #BrexitVote
Yeah, the UK has #Brexit, yet people in Saskatchewan get all stupid-crazy over the #JonesAffair in #Riderville.
So about 185 are against it.
Voted..past tense. Check out .
FYI widely distribute: URGENT ATTENTION OF ALL MEMBERS OF PARLIAMENT - REVOKING OR EXTENDING 'ARTICLE 50' NOT REQUIRED. IT IS ALREADY UNLAWFUL:
What is stopping Russia trading with UK while we're in the EU? This 'new markets' thing is such nonsense - Germany sells 4 times as much to China as we do, so the EU obviously isn't a problem Trump supports Brexit because he wants US to sell us cheap crap food and privatise NHS
NO RENEGOTIATION Brexit deal: Merkel blasts May deal hopes and says Article 50 extension is ‘FICTION’ | World | News |
What a disgusting comment to make. 17.4million vote to LEAVE the EU, from all kinds of backgrounds regardless of gender, age, sexuality, ethnicity, or political views.
I'd really love to know what use a no confidence vote is going to be now. Of all the Brexit twists, this one seems pointless.
My tabs have a use-by date of about 2021. Obviously Brexit will all be sorted by then, blue passports and all.
For the 118 Conservative MPs who yesterday voted down the governments Flagship Brexit Deal to vote that they have confidence in the Government today will be nothing short of Weapons Grade Hypocrisy and yet I have no doubt that they will. We need a different type of politician!
look, its wankey twankey out again......
So instead let's just sink with No-Deal Brexit. Taxi for Duncy, he can't be too far from moving over the border now.
Peter read my website to see where I stand on Brexit
As normal crash and burn Commie Globalist. Leaving the EU bankrupt like Greece Theresa May Just Suffered a Historic Defeat on Brexit—Now What? - The New Yorker via
Of course remainers knew what they were voting for because it's mostly what we already had and was clearly defined. They want another vote because since the vote we're much more aware of what brexit means and how likely a no deal brexit is.
Or the guy arguing for #brexit could just be really thick?
The vote in the British Parliament was more of a vote of no confidence to Prime Minister May rather than a vote on the agreement for #Brexit.
it's all good news except , the trade war, the shut down, trump, Brexit otherwise it's all fanatic, Dec was a blip as last Feb was or just another great buying opportunity because what goes down always rebounds
If Labour can get into office before we leave yes, we'll negotiate a great deal for the UK. The EU dont want that of course, because they had us with her crappy withdrawal agreement which now it's been rejected they prefer we remain. Only Labour could deliver a successful Brexit.
Being an upper class rich lawyer - Gina Miller is not used to not getting what she wants so wants to stop brexit at any cost - forget about democracy
Brexit: CBI chief welcomes 'new era' by
The Uk ad industry has united behind calls for 'no-deal' Brexit to be taken off the table:
Is this a parody account? This is not a plan
P R E A C H S I S
House price growth slows to a six year low amid Brexit uncertainty - we investigate:
well a chimpanzee could do a better job
Ease your pain. Every brexit jackass skewered. A parade of fools exposed. Read this. It's a balm. Welcome to the Westminster apocalypse. Have you thought about theocracy instead?
She’s quite right. My MP is an embarrassment to democracy. He needs to accept the result and move on
On all the commentators asking for a renegotiation, please keep in mind that: -Withdrawal agreement doesn't dictate what kind of Brexit there will be. This is still up to negotiation. Anyway -Irish Backstop is a proxy - except for the people of Northern Ireland who voted remain.
A #TrumpShutdown America withdrawing from #NATO will = job well done by , on behalf of #Putin &amp; ultimate vulnerable west goal. Putin needed a puppet 2 divide &amp; weaken America within herself &amp; within western alliance. He's almost there.
How many people who voted Leave, and who now renounce their vote because they've come to see they were lied—intentionally mislead, would it take to change the outcome to Remain? How about if we add "protest votes" from people who never though Leave could win? #Brexit is a lie.
Buy Bitcoins! The first 5,000 users to complete Account Verification (KYC) on will each be rewarded with 20 EUR! Make sure to follow to see our next announcement! #Brexit #Bitcoin #BestDeal #YourChance #Future
My timeline is just full of depressing news about parliament, BREXIT and Arsenal. Think it’s time for a break from Twitter
Outcome: Rebuild Hadrian’s wall Proper tea and scones in the Senate dining room
My man!
Imagine a world where politicians cared what the people wanted....#brexit
Never mind can May save her Brexit deal – can the Tories save their party? | Henry Newman
Constituent here not happy with your leader's cynical party politics. There are ways to frustrate the Government's Brexit without being deeply dishonest about your intentions once in Government. Weak weak leadership, please have more sympathy with and his view!
At Scottish Questions I asked the Secretary of State for Scotland to rule out a no deal #Brexit to protect our fishing industries.
We aren’t stupid. Tories will do anything to maintain power and still fear UKIP if they don’t get hard deal. Labour just want an election regardless of Brexit but won’t win because Trad labour voters won’t vote for them No national interest from either party. #Brexit #Charlatans
The default of the 2016 EU Referendum Is - "No Deal Brexit" So stop with all this Bullshit &amp; get us out of the EU "As Promised!"
Its like a metaphor for Brexit.
How about we just stay out of their business
The only solution now is not to Save Brexit and Stop Britain working... it is a strong leader to stand up to Brexiteers and simply Scrap Brexit to Save Britain's economy, jobs and ability to influence the world.
#Westminster on fit for purpose. #Brexit 29/03/19 #independenceday written in stone. No party or individual can change that. #Wethepeople don't need parliament, politicians, or treaties. Law in place. Game over. Any country willing to trade may do so on #WTO terms
The only solution now is not to Save Brexit and Stop Britain working... it is a strong leader to stand up to Brexiteers and simply Scrap Brexit to Save Britain's economy, jobs and ability to influence the world
Depending on how Brexit unfolds I think there's a chance you might end up with something similar - but two 'nutter parties' and a new centralist party... now the LD's have vanished. Problem is, people vote for the nutters!
Which will mean pension harmonisation! Let everyone know that?
Coming soon to ITV: "Which mid tier Politician fancies a shot at leadership now?" - Could do with a punchier title.
Brexit reminds me a lot of Obamacare repeal. Year after year of “we’ll repeal it and replace it with something better!” and when they finally get what they want and have to introduce the plan the entire country turns away in horror.
Brexit Meltdown as Theresa May is Massively Defeated on Her Crappy Deal via
May and Brexit Face Uncertain Future After Crushing Vote in Parliament. Today no one knows probably what is going to happen with #Brexit! It creates all types of uncertainties (#legal #Economy). Many companies may start worrying as well as expats etc...
Here’s what could happen next after Theresa May’s crushing Brexit defeat
EU Readies For Hard Brexit As UK's Deal Lies In Tatters
Why are you bothered? If there is still a majority for Brexit then you will win again. If there is no longer a majority, then that's democracy for you. Are you advocating violence if things don't go your way? You are a disgrace to democracy.
I’ll be talking to on around 510-515 on what the protracted nervous Brexit breakdown across the water means for Ireland, the ‘backstop’, etc.
I think its about time to remind the people of the UK that Africans would have voted to not be slaves or India would have voted to not be a colony #Brexit #PMQs
When will this ever end? I am officially titless, after having the tits bored off me by Brexit talk.
While our country goes down the toilet in a Brexit disaster, the government &amp; EU take time out to continue with this garbage. I will believe nothing until I see this British double agent and his daughter on tv having an honest interview.
Top Tier Upper Class All White Table of Brexit Paralysed British Politicians Responsible for 5 million children &amp; 15 million adults suffering in poverty in the 7th richest Nation on Earth.
I guess the question is, do they reach a point where they feel they have nothing to lose any more (other than their careers - possibly a big caveat!) by trying it, after their ideal Brexit becomes unachievable?
The problem isn't Labour or Corbyn or even Brexit or Remain, it is 95% of the media
How will you be voting tonight? You didn’t vote for May’s deal;Do you still have confidence in our Government to avoid a no-deal Brexit and to stop Human Rights abuses in your own constituency?*I* don’t-and that’s not as a Labour member but as a resident #Colchester
Brexit drama &gt; reality TV
The poor woman in the wheelchair has had enough of all the bullshit round Brexit.
I suspect there will be a motion to avoid a no-deal #brexit.
T#heresa #May’s Brexit Deal Has #Suffered The #Worst #Defeat In House Of Commons History via
Elevated no deal Brexit risk a threat to CEE – bne IntelliNews
To me this baby go up like crazy long term... idea is based on the expansion upwards of the yearly chart (learnt it from you) plus the 2 massive stop runs downwards we've had (one was yesterday with the brexit bullshit)
This is the best #brexit related thing I’ve seen! We need more #maxwellsbrexit
This. The plan... Labour will drag the Tories to a softer Brexit or there'll be an election. Labour remainers should compromise and support this strategy.
{editor} Farmer Focus: Australia could inspire post-Brexit Britain
Update from my Little Corner of Wales During #Brexit Mayhem..January 2019
Please watch my analysis on important "Brexit vote" that took place yesterday.Thank you NTV Europe news team for the opportunity. This news was broadcasted day before yesterday.
BREXIT
This is my view too, FWIW, although I consider myself substantially less well-informed on the subject than . The only point I differ on is that I think postponing the date of departure *might* make a deal more possible, and the EU seems at least a bit receptive to that.
The latest The Goverwelle Daily! Thanks to #gouda #brexit
Parliament, Full of Cowards, Traitors, self opinionated elitists. These lying MP's think of nothing more than their own wealth and position, it's time they were booted out and stripped of their properties and wealth, that the taxpayer has paid for ! These moron's need to go !
What do you expect from Brussels Broadcasting Company, there funded by EU, and havent stopped pushing remain. BBC are complicit in wanting to undermine brexit, with their anti brexit rhetoric, and EU arse kissing guests BBC will be cause civil unrest Our parliament are in turmoil
Well done Andrea: Lenin would have been proud of you for having helped to create the biggest political mess that the uk has ever faced. Job only half done. Next step full Brexit which will bring unemployment and the most left wing labour government the UK has ever seen!
Hey #Corbyn how about trying to help with what the people voted for and get #Brexit done instead of calling for an election at the worse possible time for the UK
Waiting for 7 o'clock... May go home! #Brexit #whatfuture #newreferendum
Amid the breathlessness and hurly-burly of the next few days, remember one essential fact: this entire #Brexit fiasco was dreamed, planned and executed by the #Tories. There is literally no-one else to blame.
#Brexit update today - it’s a mess. That is all.
I liked a video BREXIT storm deepens, as parliamentary coup may be forming against May and Corbyn
Steve Hilton: Original intent of Brexit - restoring freedom and sovereignty - buried by inept bureaucrats
Agree that 5 years of Corbyn is less likely to be damaging than Brexit. Think if Leave win again then fair enough. At least people actually knew what they were voting for and the referendum would have been conducted hopefully, without fraud or possible foreign interference.
Fixed: This must now change. will not be able to win the next election by keeping May's deal or offering concessions to extremist remainers.
And yet, somehow, many Labour members and followers know exactly what Corbyn's Brexit policy is, and support it more than hers. Why don't you report on it, instead of spreading yet more of May's bullshit?
the most important instance of democracy in Britain in the 21st century was when just over half the country voted for a completely vague &amp; undefined concept that was almost entirely misrepresented by those who wanted it, &amp; unlike ordinary legislation had no details. #Brexit
Yesterday the house voted down the Brexit deal and we may face a hard Brexit! Yes, there will be more documents to fill, but overall my promise is clear: We will continue our cancer fight together with our EU friends, and we will stay focussed on our goal - to win this battle!
Not listening to Corbyn apologists anymore. Corybn has done NOTHING on brexit apart from ignore his membership and take every opportunity to attack FoM and the EU. Useless.
The British Parliament will soon put aside Brexit to debate the proper height of a letter box
What now? Britain in crisis as Parliament delivers historic defeat to Theresa May’s Brexit deal with EU /via
"I don't regret calling the referendum" - David Cameron #Brexit
Scotland Secretary David Mundell faced fresh calls from to resign in the wake of the Prime Minister's "unprecedented" defeat over her Brexit plan.
You're only now trying to understand why people voted to leave. Two years after the referendum. If you truly understand why people voted leave you'd secure a clean Brexit. Not going from half in to half out.
I think they have to set the precedent to prevent other countries from going down this path. This entire chaos with Brexit should in itself act as a deterrent
Logistics industry urges UK to prevent disorderly Brexit but vows to 'clear up the mess'
Me: it’s pretty easy to understand. BRitish EXIT from EU = BREXIT. World News: here’s all the details and possible implications of BREXIT. Narrator: It was at this moment that His apathy became a super power.
Make it everyday. Had enough of Brexit. Had enough of Lineker
Can I order more then 1 RasPi Zero for private, because I need Brexit emergency supply?
Brexit uncertainty hits house purchases
This is Brexit...
Can I order more then 1 RasPi Zero for private, because I need Brexit emergency supply?
Myself and met with students from the Eisenhower Institute Undergraduate Fellows programme in Gettysburg College in the USA who visited Leinster House. We had a good discussion on Brexit and other important issues facing Ireland at this time
Brexit: What happens next?
We can't trust May with anything, never mind brexit! #Brexitdeal
We are about to go through such an economic downturn it will likely be a recession. Why? Why Brexit in the UK? Why no ability to reach an agreement? Why Trump and his "Trade War"? Nothing has helped stabilize our markets or make us more prosperous?
‘Division will reign supreme’: Funds industry on the quashed Brexit deal: MPs vote 432 to 202 against Theresa May's deal #Brexit #FundManagerSentiment #Investmentoutlook #Latestnews
Sergey Lavrov on US marine arrest, FYROM name change, and Brexit at annual press conference
is a pushing stock, as are the British xenophobes still so convinced that our exit from the EU trading block, on the terms we already had, is a movenin a positive direction.
Also, if hard brexit had been the option mainly promoted during the referendum do we think the Leave majority would have been the same or bigger?
#Breakingnews #BREAKINGNEWSNOW #Snow is on it's way! Its coming from the North so forget #Brexit and the #BrexitShambles make sure your prepared with you car Antifreeze etc.
No of reconsidering the Brexit deal
Can we please get some Labour MPs who actually want a Labour government? Is that to much to ask for..
Totally agree!
Embarrassing to say the least “ house of morons” #Brexit
Shutdown, Brexit wobble the West
#Cartoon EU - UK Joint Backstop Disaster Bye Bye North Ireland... ( Ipad sketch by #cartoonist Hugo ) #Brexit #BrexitVote #PeoplesVote #LeaveMeansLeave
The same could be said about the US state of politics. But I do worry about .
So vague in fact you’re under the impression that a Customs Union Agreement negates #Brexit. See my point? It’s pretty clear that (what passes for leadership) in the #Conservative and #Labour parties are intent on dragging us out of Europe, despite what individual MPs want &amp; say
I think that's enough screaming and shouting about #brexit for today David. Time for some clean panties? #BrexitVote #brexitdebate
#Brexit. If a ‘Remain’ government called a referendum, disliked result, killed the only deal on offer, then revoked Article 50 because it didn’t like No Deal WTO exit can you ever believe they would let us try to leave again. Parliament are mainly Remainers - few are democrats
#Gold may derive from a cataclysmic collision of dead stars. There was #Brexit collision in UK #Parliament last night
Brexit in dates: From Leave shock to parliament's historic vote
Sergey Lavrov on US marine arrest, FYROM name change, and Brexit at annual press conference
Sergey Lavrov on US marine arrest, FYROM name change, and Brexit at annual press conference
So twitter experts ? What exactly would comrade corbyn and labour that was any different to bring a brexit that will work ?
The Labour and Tory parties fought the last election committed to a Brexit and progress depends on Mrs May yielding which she told you bluntly she will not do so you have depose her or agree to the Commons taking Breixt negotiations from her
Factually incorrect. Labour Conference backed overwhelmingly Remain. trouble is there are a few large (old) Labour beasts who are ardently Lexit.
[EURONEWS] Sergey Lavrov on US marine arrest, FYROM name change, and Brexit at annual press conference |
“We voted out, we should go out.” Your views from across the UK, is reporting from Broughton in Wales. Follow the Brexit story
Shutdown, Brexit wobble the West
Sergey Lavrov on US marine arrest, FYROM name change, and Brexit at annual press conference
The trafficking of goods and immigration policies will significantly be affected by the final #Brexit deal between the UK and the #EU and the changes in the global socioeconomic and political climate will undoubtedly provide a demand for professionals in international law.
[EURONEWS] Shutdown, Brexit wobble the West |
In the Brexit-voting town of Redcar in northeastern England, residents voiced dismay at the political infighting that threatens to delay Britain's departure from the EU and called on politicians to "make this work for the country".
Is the Labour Party going to be publicly shredded by the PM, losing thousands of votes today while Corbyn REFUSES to tell the country where he stands on brexit?Corbyn has to go today, we have been told REPEATEDLY he gave our Labour votes to the Tories as support for their brexit
Shutdown, Brexit wobble the West
A Canadian friend of mine just said 'I am actually embarrassed for you'. brexit.
ranting about power,trying to frustrate voters yet again. Now is NOT time to change gov,especially to that moron that cant/wont commit on what he'll do. No #PM in history had to deal with such a hot topic like #Brexit. Well done so far. #NoDealNoProblem
Morning Brief: Britain on the cusp of a general election and delayed Brexit via
Shutdown, Brexit wobble the West
Why are our politicians so fucking awful at asking questions #Brexit #ConfidenceVote
Brexit: MPs debate no-confidence motion after May's deal defeat – Politics live
After Defeat on Brexit Plan, Theresa May Faces No-Confidence Vote
"Search on for Brexit consensus after May's crushing defeat" -
If you’re a Surgeon in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a tragedy for you. If you live in Scotland then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this disaster! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Any future vote would likely involve 2 options, no deal or no Brexit. We voted to leave already, so had the deal been accepted we would have left. Brexiteers also voted it down. Its time the people get the simple choice, no deal or no Brexit. And I have no idea how that would go!
Glad to hear this being said! Brexit is a disaster. Though really didn't appreciate the motivational speech of how we can all still be friends and will get through this. Reminded me of how politics have gone Americanised ghastly
So Corbin only interested in an election no effort made to help with Brexit. Can anyone explain to me what good an election will do. The same problem will be there afterwards.#brexitdebate
No brexit no brainer
Did you not watch the vote results last night. Brexit as it stands is un-implementable, the deal is no good, no deal is better than what we had, and a no deal exit is un-thinkable as a viable option. so how do you propose they implement the last EURef vote?
People on Twitter and in the media seem to be more interested in the president’s typo than the failed Brexit vote.
Not enough of them to get a PV, they're to doomed to fail; if centrists on both sides combine in a new party to thwart brexit, they'll lose their seats in an election, so that's doomed to fail! If they want to stop a no deal brexit Tory MPs will have to eventually support a VONC!
Trade relations with the EU could be sorted out in 'an afternoon over a cup of coffee,' Gerard Batten, UKIP Brexit spokesman, February 2017
. has put all the words in exactly the right order again. I missed my stop reading the description of Boris Johnson. Which is probably a metaphor.
If our PM says just once more "We must deliver what the people voted for" then I swear to God I will fucking scream. Nobody really knows what they voted for any more, so stop saying it. #Brexit #Brexshit #clusterfuck
Business Breakfast LIVE: Business leaders call for urgent action after Brexit defeat
We are going up because 1) Brexit vote went well 2) Government shutdown adds to GDP 3) QT was halted 4) China Trade talks are going well 5) Earnings continue to be terrific.
If this doesn’t show that this is just a playground game to these kids then nothing ever will...
Alternative ways to break Brexit deadlock
We’re running out of time before the #Brexit deadline could see us crash out of the EU, hurting women the most. stop playing politics and join our demands for a #PeoplesVote
President #Macron declared that #Brexit was "manipulated from the outside"..That kind of statement is very worrying...is it another slash in order to put a definitive DEAD to the British's vote for "Leave" ? #YellowVestUK #YellowVests #GiletsJaunes
Then why did you back it? She has behaved disgracefully trying to force through this hard Brexit that no one wants like some sort of autocratic ruler. Absolutely appalling- thecworst goverment in living memory.
Theresa May Just Suffered a Historic Defeat on Brexit—Now What? #NewReferendum #BrexitVote
Outstanding
Brexit Brexit Brexit Brexit Brexit sick of it sick of it sick of it sick of it
Theresa May actually said "people voted for Brexit because they felt people were not listening to them." You tried to push through a deal the whole nation didn't want you mad fucking twatsack!
If sensible people ever regain control of the UK, they'll find themselves in this kind of situation: #BREXIT #Remain
I have said exactly the same all along, the voting age for brexit should be between 16 and retirement age.
I am no advocate of JC and whether or not he wants to be PM is not the issue. May IS the PM but she has demonstrated no willingness or aptitude to enter into a joint approach to Brexit even when she lost her majority in a totally unnecessary election...
British expats buy cheaper pints as Brexit chaos threatens Spanish idyll
‘No deal’ must be ruled out, urges Business West, as it warns of rising anger among firms over Brexit
They say that Brexit-ting Is hard toooo do.
Mmmm... taking a good tack on why people shouldn't vote for as PM. All about security, dealing with Russia, or anti-semitism. She has it right..... it's not all about #Brexit, infact, that's a very small part of being MP.
is DESTROYING . Wow. #NoConfidence #Brexit #PMQs
72 days to Brexit. We decide to hold a 2nd referendum. The required repeal of the EU Withdrawal Act and legislation for a Referendum Bill takes four months. The campaign runs for 6 weeks. We vote 52% to leave. It's August, and we're back where we started 3 years ago. What then?
Obscene.
'The lion will roar!' Nigel Farage says majority for Brexit will be BIGGER if there is a second ... via
"[Brexit] has been manipulated from outside...everything and anything was said, and now they're being told 'figure it out yourselves'. We've lied to the people and what they chose isn't possible. Good luck to the representatives..who have to implement a thing that doesn't exist."
would love to see a Sgt. Pepper style image for the final Brexit deal (if we ever get one)
BREAKING: The Ballot Paper for the 2nd Referendum has been published by ! #Brexit
James O'Brien: "No Deal Or No Brexit, That's Where We Are Now"
Doesn't tap dead kids phones though, to be fair.
2/2 ‘All involved should now act in a reasoned manner &amp; work hard to avert a hard Brexit...it could also make sense to postpone the withdrawal date if that might bring substantial progress’ Bernhard Mattes VDA
Best Brexit with her red lines. Remove the red lines and all sorts of things are possible. Trouble is Labour have pretty much the same red lines. So what's the point?
The Brexit vote killed off UKIP as intended, a customs union or some other fudge will revive it. Without the referendum UKIP would be polling over 20% today. What will UKIP II look like? Politicians should be careful
"It's like Turkey's voting for Christmas" "You calling me a turkey?"
A concise overview of Europe post Mays #Brexit defeat in the Commons
Quite how many times do you want the vote repeated? Until you get the result that *you* want? All indications are that the vote would once again be very close. The only democratic solution is to deliver a Brexit that resolves the key issues of those who voted Remain and Leave.
Theresa May's Historic Defeat On Brexit Has Blown Up Downing Street's Plan For What To Do Next - BuzzFeed UK If Theresa May survives the No Confidence vote it could signal there’s no better option. If so, that’s a terrifying outlook for the U.K.
Do you have time for a GE right now? Before the 29th March? and time to react for brexit before that date? Not sure what option is the least worse...
If Britain follows her traditions, I guess we can expect the Royal Navy on our waters soon? #brexit
FYI URGENT ATTENTION OF ALL MEMBERS OF PARLIAMENT - REVOKING OR EXTENDING 'ARTICLE 50' NOT REQUIRED. IT IS ALREADY UNLAWFUL:
Well said.
The value of graphical representation: following an information graphic provides ability to quickly grasp basics of a complex issue.
Important (but depressing) read #BrexitEffect
The Russians helped push brexit no look at the disaster it’s created.
Introducing ‘Brexit, Europe and the Left’: A Rosa-Luxemburg-Stiftung blog with Trademark Belfast
I voted ‘Maybe’ because it would depend on what the outcome would be. Getting embroiled in a leadership contest and possible GE as the #Brexit clock approaches midnight is not where I want to be after two years of gut wrenching uncertainty. Otherwise I’d like to see her shot.
When the Brexit countdown clock (going down) and US gov shutdown clock (going up) are the same, the world ends
Amazing interview Mr Tom and Ms. Francine are amazing together!
What would happen if we spent 38 billion pounds on the areas that voted for Brexit? Boston, Linconshire, which had the highest Leave vote, would get the most money, all the way down to Lambeth, which had the highest Remain proportion. #brexit #creativeSolutions
Theresa May to face no-confidence vote after Brexit defeat utm_source=twitter_sitebuttons&amp;utm_medium=site%20buttons&amp;utm_campaign=site%20buttons via She is not the right leader for England now
Finally! Was about Time.
I only buy blades when they are on special offer. Then I buy a few packets of them. Probably have enough to last 24-months. I'll be looking baby-faced regardless of the Brexit outcome.
have faith in the UK and take comfort that, with a WTO Brexit, when the going gets tough for German industry, if not Eire farmers, will ensure an EU fudge for Eire/NI border, in order to facilitate a proper UK wide “Canada+++” FTA before 31-12-2019!
Glad we cheered up your day I wonder how long we’ll hang on to our top spot however.
Buy Bitcoins! The first 5,000 users to complete Account Verification (KYC) on will each be rewarded with 20 EUR! Make sure to follow to see our next announcement! #Brexit #Bitcoin #BestDeal #YourChance #Future
Ireland’s Leo Varadkar rejects time limit on Irish backstop in a sign that Dublin will seek to ride out any pressure to dilute measures to prevent a hard border in Ireland via #Irishborder #Brexit #TheresaMay #JeremyCorbyn #FBPE #Barnier
I believe it is time for the PM to step down. She almost lost an election, having to rely on the DUP to form a coalition, set a record for the biggest defeat in parliament and has made an absolute shambles of Brexit. The people do not trust her anymore.
hard Brexit only thing that forces proper change
Detracting from the point. The Tory government have had 2, yes 2 years to come up with a deal that over 200 of your own MPs disagree with! She has had 3 brexit secretaries and all failed. If she was a manger in business, she would be fired. #Brexit
I would guess that the 2nd referendum is purely and simply a mechanism to stop Brexit happening at all which is whey the remainers are all for it.
It`s time to ensure that the Remoaners in the HoC do not succeed in thwarting Brexit. If had a spine she would ask the Queen to prorogue (dissolve) Parliament until after 29/03/19. #LetsGoWTO
Professor Michael Arthur, UCL President &amp; Provost addresses EU staff and students in light of Parliament voting against the Government’s proposed Brexit deal on 15 January 2019.
We could also leave the EU what the country voted for that's called democracy
Hahaha Wonder if Angela slept well last night ?
Theresa May omits Jeremy Corbyn from cross-party Brexit talks
I have watched and listened for the last 24 hours. I cannot see how can possibly broker a new Parliamentary deal on #Brexit. She is toxic and should resign. Please retweet at your leisure.
Boris Johnson was party of both the journalistic and political class, and may have inflicted more damage over the years in spreading misinformation on the EU than any other individual!
he did the right thing in stepping down if he didn't believe in brexit. Every other MP should have done the same
It would be very rare for #NigelFarage, #Boris, #johnredwood, the #catholic-Nazi or #JeremyCorbyn to admit they were wrong-as that would be telling the TRUTH. No BrainLESS BrexSHIT has told the TRUTH about the #EU or #Brexit from day 1.
Jeremy Corbyn's time has come? #Brexit #NoConfidenceMotion
If you'd vote for a UI why should that vote be delayed, it's the most effective way to mitigate the worst parts of brexit
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK #trump
I hold very different sentiments on this matter....IMO, Brexit or no Brexit, the Brexiteers will not get what they were promised by the leave team. Production momentum has shifted to the East and there are structural reasons why that trend will continue..
BBC News - Brexit and no-confidence vote: Corbyn targets 'zombie government'
What you can do to help demand a Final Say on Brexit
I think he means that even Remain-leaning Tories see the worst kind of Brexit as preferable to Corbyn in Number 10.
Go behind the scenes with three MPs caught up in Brexit vote chaos – video
suspend a50 &amp; rule out no deal asap- pm &amp; gov clearly incapable of acting in best interests of uk so parliament so cross party mp action needed to address crisis
I think what most frightens #Establishment about #Brexit is that it managed to unite all classes all persuasions under one flag, regardless of race colour or creed. Their normal divide and rule failed totally, and we're happy with outcome together D'you reckon?
After suffering the greatest parliamentary loss in recent history, May faces a vote of no confidence- though experts are suggesting that it's unlikely that her gov't will lose power. What are your thoughts on #brexit?
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
The memo this morning said we will be going back to Brexit Groats.
Funny you should say that
Is that the brexit that Patrick Minford said would decimate agriculture &amp; car manufacturing
Ireland cannot shift on hard border after Brexit - Varadkar via
And once again, the only person winning in this mess is #Putin
The EU calls for Brexit to be CANCELLED AFTER May's crushing defeat
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK - CNNPolitics #WorldNews
Wee crankey can go fu#k off
'EU will bite our arms off' Farage REVEALS brilliant plan to secure Brexit in 48 HOURS
Unbelievable. The arrogance of the man. Still, I suppose he's got to think this. Knowing (and admitting) you'd ruined your country would probably send you mad, wouldn't it?
and the 'will of the people' is for what exactly? cake and eat it #Brexit, no deal, Canada, Switzerland, managed no deal, Norway, Canada +++, Norway+, or 1 of the other 57 varieties. Fact is you don't know and neither does any other Brexiter. #StopBrexit and save the UK
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
Just realised what the #Brexit negotiations remind me of.
I thought that. The yellow one
I blame Brexit
Here are just some of the lies and promises from your millionaire Brexit buddies about how straightforward arranging a post-Brexit Britain would be...
BBC: Labour MP Tulip Siddiq delays imminent birth of her child to attend Brexit vote. When asked about her feelings towards Theresa May’s deal, she said she was feeling torn.
Welcome, Britain, to a truly democratic system of government.
hey eliza dont spose you watched channel 4..the brexit war..it was brilliant and i think..should be watched by everyone..proves that people were sold a huge pile of snake oil
Brexit: deadlock means new vote or no deal, says Society via
Chris Philp has fucking sussed it! He has solved Brexit! If Theresa May just goes to Brussels and asks for legal assurances on the back stop it’s all fixed! Hallelujah!
We should make it a national event. Happy Brexit day everyone!
Scenes
17.4 m different versions of Brexit?
Obviously the impact of a no-deal Brexit goes a whole lot further than the world of racing. But very difficult to disagree with on the disruption and uncertainty the current parliamentary impasse is causing. Same goes for many, many other businesses and industries.
Interesting discussion at this afternoon’s chamber lunch #brexit #ReadyBrex
Brexit vote: European 'surprise' at scale of defeat
Search on for Brexit consensus after May's crushing defeat.
I think it was right to vote down Mays deal as it wasn’t brexit what will be interesting now is how many of those labour MPs who’s constituents voted leave plug for a new referendum
It would be easier for Leavers if they could reach a consensus on what precisely it is they want. Because it seems clear that not everyone wants Hard Brexit.
Theresa May does not deserve to be the UK PM if she does not allow for a full bipartisan policy on Brexit and works with and other party leaders #BrexitVote #NoConfidence #Brexit #TheresaMay #JeremyCorbyn
I want the referendum overturned because I think Brexit is a terrible stupid idea. What do you hope to get out of it?
In moments of frustration I'm thinking..." Go on May... do it.... go on.... do it! ... take us to a no deal Brexit crash out on March 29th and lets make sure you own the shit-storm that will surely follow...lets see what the MSM and the electorate make of that.
So agree
"Have faith, have heart, for are we not British?" really is sub-Johnsonian arse-gravy of the highest order. We can't eat our faith. We can't earn money from our faith. If you want to make a case that Brexit will not be highly damaging you need to do a lot better than that.
We Only Want a Clean Brexit as Voted For. Leaving The EU &amp; Customs Union. We did not vote for any soft deal at all. Nether does anyone want a second referendum full stop. Get Real and Get Us Out of Europe and stop the EU dictating to the UK once and for all. Full Brexit Now.
No deal is estimated to cost £1.25 BILLION a week, based on the £350 mil a week option. These figures are calculated against the 2016 prices and include the £350mil figure. So that Brexit Dividend, it's soooo winning.
'A load of codswallop': Brits on Brexit
EU president says UK remaining is only option ‘if a deal is impossible, and no one wants no deal’
Genuinely believe indy with Scotland joining the euro or own pound would hurt for a year and then we would bounce back. Markets would see us as being a safer bet than post brexit UK. Even on a social/ideological basis the argument for indy is far stronger than brexit. Join us!!
have faith in the UK and take comfort that, with a WTO Brexit, when the going gets tough for German industry, if not Eire farmers, will ensure an EU fudge for Eire/NI border, in order to facilitate a proper UK wide “Canada+++” FTA before 31-12-2019!
Clown Tory MP says this is the most environmentally friendly govt......that introduced fracking ........#Brexit #maybot
Macron has blood on his hands. We must leave the #EU as soon as we can. Let the 27 fight it out between themselves. #brexit #leave #NoDealBrexit #WTO
(The Star):U.K. government faces no-confidence vote after #Brexit defeat : May is battling to save her job after staking her political reputation on a last-ditch effort to win support for the divorce agreement she negotiated with ..
26% of the UK population voted leave. Here comes UKIP slithering back... We all know and have a better idea what Brexit entails now and therefore the country needs another vote, it is simple and democratic. If that is leave then fuck it we take the plunge together
There was a delay over Brexit coverage
Stuart Pearce is bringing on David James to stop the Brexit impasse in the last minute
#Brexit now is #Brextinct
They won’t go until the project is complete. Brexit has derailed that.
brexit and donald trump both feel like things we didn't really want that just fell on us which is funny because donald trump lost the popular vote by a significant margin whereas more than half of the uk just had a really wild night and decided to be racist for day
But what was voted for? Was it a no deal Brexit? Was it a Canada type deal? Norway? And this is the problem with a yes/no vote...leave means so many different things to different people
I'm fed up with politicians. Look at the USA shutdown. Look at the Brexit mess. I think we should adopt Robert Heinlein's solution where, in one of his books (Beyond This Horizon), politicians were chosen at random by a computer. It couldn't be any worse than we've got now.
Made my day: "(...) if þe Pryme Ministre fucketh uppe majorly, þe Kynge or Qween shall regaine thereupon His or Her powre and rule as in olde tymes (...)" via
Clearly someone has had enough #Brexit #BrexitVote #bbcnews #UKPolitics #brexitdebate #Corbyn #ConfidenceVote #CONSERVATIVES
Every time these unelected European tyrants open their mouths they make the case in my mind for a hard Brexit. STAY OUT OF IT! 'Arrogant' Donald Tusk sparks fury after calls to SCRAP Brexit
I’m sick of the fucking lot of them tbh
This very interesting interview about hard #Brexit with invokes a book I’ve been thinking about a lot watching the disaster unfold: Christopher Clarke’s The Sleepwalkers.
"World Trade Organisation terms" sound brilliant, and I look forward to voting in the #WTO elections so that we are in charge of those making the rules. Oh. #Brexit #PeoplesVote #BrexitVote #BrexitShambles #FuckBrexit #WTOBrexit
It's what the Tories always do. Even in the days of Thatcher. Party before Country and Constituents. Even Labour are doing that in terms of Brexit. The only principle person in Westminster that share the desire to SM&amp;CU are SNP, PlaidCymru and CarolineLucas
Brexit NOW!
If the debate was about whether the British people want political union with the #EU the decision would be clear for #Brexit , but because it is always framed in terms of trade and jobs, there is no answer, just further argument.
Once again the BBC fails to help educate and be impartial as its mission demands.
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
If you are feeling the need for a bit of stress relief over Brexit, I can recommend The Museum of Rural Life which has been asking museums around the world to #ShowUsYourDucks as well as tweeting photos and videos of chickens in trousers.
Anyone who recalls WW2 as some sort of justification for Brexit rather than Remain just needs to be slapped and told to shut up and never allowed to vote again.
I hate this government. I hate its Brexit, economic and social policy - and I cannot wait for it to end. It is, however, infinitely lamentable than having this great Country run by an IRA-sympathising, neo-Marxist, hater of Israel. I could not in good conscience support that.
the way the EU has made pressure on the UK from the start of the Brexit negociations has not been positive nor effective, and Mr Juncker still does not understand!
She wants to see what *she* wants. #Brexit is the natural conclusion to her hostile environment. Britain alone, moulded in her image.
4N Boyz - F**K BREXIT via
Why have we failed to use our military clout in Brexit negotiations? via policies UK governments last 9 years have reduced rather than invested in defence and signed up to EU military organizations
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
"the Brexit people voted for" WHAT DOES THAT MEAN. TELL ME. NO ONE KNOWS. IT'S CHANGED AT LEAST 5 TIMES. YOU DON'T KNOW. WE DON'T KNOW. BLOODY HELL.
Our statement on the UK Parliament #Brexit Vote
Mitch McConnell #OpenTheGovernment End #TrumpShutdown
HOW DARE YOU HIJACK JEWS TO MAKE A HORRIFIC CLAIM FOR LOSING ME MY RIGHTS IN EUROPE. BREXIT IS FAR MORE A THREAT THAN CORBYN TO MY PART JEWISH FAMILY. RESIGN YOU DISGUSTING WOMAN.
This is why Irish govt, with #EU, is keeping to the terms if the Good Friday Agreement and not having a hard border in Ireland. #brexit Great piece of work here from
From today’s
I no you hate Donald Trump's but he would have delivered brexit cleanly.
now you have been mullered by Mrs May, will you now please work to move our country forward and deliver brexit please.
Can you explain how the Goans, when they found the loophole to give them a portguese passport, they come to this country and not Portugal ??
Is any MP prepared to ask the PM this question during the #noconfidencemotion? 'If you return to the backbenches, Mrs May, and a #PeoplesVote were held before we #Brexit, would you vote for your #BrexitDeal? To #Leave with #NoDeal? Or vote to #Remain?' #LAB #SNP #LD #GRN #PC
She’s not wrong. It’s about time all politicians worked together collaboratively on Brexit than using it as a vehicle to further their own political ambitions. They should remember they serve the public, not themselves.
Reverse Brexit?
Everything that I read about a no deal Brexit makes a bit of sick come up. It is a scorched earth policy or like the suicide squad in the Life of Brian. That showed ‘em eh?
Found a new home for the bike in less than an hour of posting this original tweet. Thanks guys! Reassuring that Twitter can be used for more than political posturing + Brexit bickering!
#Brexit | Let's see..
Massive attack on Corbyn from T. May. But when it comes to BREXIT even the EU all look CLUELESS.
Good point on the effect of the FTPA by Moggy at the end there
Interested in Brexit (the United Kingdom's effort to leave the European Union)? This explainer could be useful as it presents possible steps now that Prime Minister May's plan was defeated in Parliament yesterday. #IUHSwrldhist2 Week 15
The latest The UK Wealth Daily! Thanks to #brexit #uk
How is that “solving Brexit “
DWP 'sneak' pension credit changes through Parliament amid 'Brexit distraction'
is utterly deluded. #Brexit #ConfidenceVote
Brexit didn't fail. Theresa May failed. Brexit happens on March 29th, hell or high water.
#Brexit debate and process needs a radical reboot. Re-upping this excellent &amp; invigorating plan of action from - it’s not to late to make something good from the current catastrophe.
If only it was the number one priority of the UK parliament!
People who voted for Brexit are literal Nazis. We should round them up, send them to re-education camps and exterminate them, for the greater good.
I concur. #Impeach45 #BrexitShambles
Buy Bitcoins! The first 5,000 users to complete Account Verification (KYC) on will each be rewarded with 20 EUR! Make sure to follow to see our next announcement! #Brexit #Bitcoin #BestDeal #YourChance #Future
Brexit and no-confidence vote: Corbyn targets ‘zombie government’ | The Harare Times
Minister Bruno Bruins welcomed #EMA in Amsterdam: “It’s crucial for millions of patients in Europe that EMA can do their work with safety and quality to protect the medicines.” #Brexit #healthcare
The bellendry is galactic.
BREXIT: Ditch your red lines for a Brexit deal, parliament tells PM /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote
After all this time, when will the penny drop that Brexit is a shit idea? It doesn’t matter how many +++’s you put after something.....
Brexit brings out the worst tendencies of political journalism: tunnel-visioned focus on Westminster machinations, withoutuch thought to the social forces which produced Brexit in the first place.
Looks about right!
The European Court of Justice has ruled that it would be legal for the UK to unilaterally revoke Article 50 to cancel Brexit (without the need for agreement from the other 27 EU countries). #BrexitFallBackSolution
Best gif of current state of #brexit so far
You are your party have no right to criticise anyone over this Brexit fiasco. Why are you not standing up for your constituents and calling for #PeoplesVote
There will be a lot of this from now on - wither #brexit now
the Eu is in grave financial trouble. Even more so with Brexit. But do they stop QE/bond buying. No. Do they cut the budget.. no. bureaucrats in love with an ideal. It is sinking and fast
This Twitter account :)
To accept Theresa May's deal would have meant paying £39 billion to become a satellite state of the EU with the escape routes blocked by international law. The UK would be a nation of "rule takers". That is not Brexit.
Labour MPs declare support for second Brexit referendum - getting there... #peoplesvote
Brexit: What happens next? #WeThePeople #Freedom #UnChain
Once it has been said, it can't be unsaid. Well done,
Current Brexit theme song: at me...I'm in tatters!
Where is Boris Johnson hiding in the midst of the current fiasco?? Why isn’t he stepping up to implement the brexit he advocated for?
Unlike of course, who haven't spent the last two years shamelessly ignoring the national interest in order to avoid splitting their own party and disguising the fact that they have no Brexit plan!
Brilliant!
3/ This is monstrous. Mrs May is saying that whatever Brexit is or leads to, however it was procured, it must be enforced so people don't lose faith in her. Am I reading this right ???????
Not to mention that from what I recall, Poles - who didn't "get their country back" for 50 years after being abandoned to first the Nazis and then the Soviets - were particularly instrumental. And now we don't want their grandchildren and call their liberators fascists.
We Only Want a Clean Brexit as Voted For. Leaving The EU &amp; Customs Union. We did not vote for any soft deal at all. Nether does anyone want a second referendum full stop. Get Real and Get Us Out of Europe and stop the EU dictating to the UK once and for all. Full Brexit Now.
'only' over 16 million voted against Brexit. People seem to be forgetting this
Does see May ruling out customs union as increasing chances of no-deal brexit, which is what 's American clients are paying for? #PoliticsLive #skypapers
#Brexit is one of many blows to the Jewish globalist agenda (#JudeoCapitalistAxis) to which many are wedded through propaganda and fear. If voters are "thick", it is that they did know this themselves.
Will you be able to show the live FACup replay tonight without mentioning that bad word BREXIT?
Wow! Spot on!
Because she’s a racist In reality voters put the economy far ahead of #immigration in their #Brexit concerns is a #Brexiter for one reason Obsession with race, forriners &amp; xenophobia The supreme little Englander is motivated by all consuming hate
With Brexit and the Trump clusterfuck, Putin has pulled off two of the greatest intel ops of all time - simultaneously Two of the world’s greatest democracies are eating themselves alive
Brexit Brexit Brexit, change the bloody record
They don't want to see a return to Borders or a reminder of the all to recent painful past. Brexit doesn't fit with the GFA and an open Border. There are 156 areas of Cross Border Cooperation that flow from the GFA that are underpinned or touched by EU Law 2/
He has no intention of backing a referendum on the terms of Brexit, I fear.
Bloomberg:- These Are the Stocks to Watch After U.K. Government's Crushing Brexit Loss
You look like you don’t wash at all.
I do wish radio stations would stop taking voxpops. Most of the people sound like morons and are never challenged when talking bollocks #brexit
The UK agreeing to join the EFTA (to facilitate joining EEA on the same basis as Switzerland) negates the need for 'back-stop', eliminates threat of hard border or disorderly exit and guarantees free trade and mitigates economic damage to UK and EU. #BrexitVote #Brexit
The only sane solution to this insanity is to #RevokeArticle50. Then, if the #Brexit fanatics are still interested, they can run an honest campaign to leave, without the gerrymandering, foreign interference, breaking the law, and telling huge lies.
Pound remains volatile after Brexit failure, hope spark rebound, says Carney
Any that voted against the deal yesterday, but don't give a #NoConfidence vote, make quite clear they don't have confidence in her brexit, but do have confidence in her persuction of the poor &amp; sick, &amp; just want to cling on to their job.
the tiny steps!
British lawmakers shut down Prime Minister Theresa May’s Brexit deal on Tuesday, making it the biggest defeat for any UK government in modern parliament history. Read more in today's Morning Scoop.
Because rich men lied to and manipulated them. The daily mail, the express, Farage, Cummings, Johnson (turkey is coming) etc. They've hit out at the wrong institution - it's the Tory govt that's made their northern English towns poor - not the EU
"Take a second look, May urges MPs before Brexit vote" -
Losing by 230 votes. Biggest parliamentary loss. Now a vote of confidence in the government. Where will we turn next? #Brexit
We have a BB (Brexit Bullshit) box that my Dad has set up!! We have quite a collection of long life food!!! #BrexitShambles #panicbuyingcustard
Sage of Quay™ Radio: BREXIT Plunges UK Into Chaos in Fight Against Glob...
Theresa May has just stooped to a new low. She's the one who has failed her Brexit task of the last 2 years yet is letting rip at Corbyn. Wow.
“The only way we can avoid a hard border between Ireland and Northern Ireland is having an agreement on customs, common customs union and regulatory alignment and that’s what we negotiated in the withdrawal agreement and the backstop.”
Whatever. This is a distraction from Russia's best year yet:
Corbyn is stripped naked in the chamber today, he still hasn't even tried to challenge her, he REFUSES to tell where he stands on brexit
After another fist-chewing experience with the security department in work I'm now convinced they are operating the brexit approach: Me: could we do X Sec: no Me: OK, how about Y Sec: no Me: OK, so what can we do? Sec: that's not for us to say but come back with another proposal
So.... Brexit level then?
So this woman thinks she is more knowledgable than the PM.
Inspiring? Inspired?
Channel 4 News Presenter Cathy Newman Discussing A Northern Ireland Backstop Legal Assurance; "The Brexiteers are looking for something fantastical"- Rep. of Ireland Senator Neil Richmond in Dublin.
Yes... Parliament about as functional as peak period 18-30 trip to Magaluf (and even less fun) Anyway, lucy, Read this! You'll like it. Best thing I've read on #Brexit ( and I think I've read everything now) by Allan Massie
‘That one vote is not really going to make a difference’ - horrendous thing for a politician to say
If she wants to go down positively in history, she can’t shift from not having a customs union. It’s not Brexit if she does.
Cannot believe why DUP will support the government after being lied to regarding the border... guess they just deliver what they have received payment for!
If the DUP votes with the Tories in today's Confidence Vote, they deserve to have a Brexit that doesn't suit Northern Ireland forced on them. I hope Remainer Northern Ireland remembers such a betrayal next General Election
Latest News: Brexit and no-confidence vote: Corbyn targets 'zombie government' Labour's leader opens the no-confidence debate, after Theresa May's Brexit deal defeat. 2019-01-16 14:04:58Z
CNN: Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK. via
Oh, I wish! #ToryCarCrash BBC News - Brexit and no-confidence vote: Corbyn targets 'zombie government'
This is his the enemy works
As a Brit living in Melbourne ( dual citizenship) I am watch Hint &amp; reading all the news unfolding on Brexit. I am saddened to say the words “train wreck” are stamped on my comprehension of this farce.
That will happen with a WTO brexit anyway. People go into meltdown when KFC runs out of chicken. WTO brexit is going leave people jobless, homeless, struggling, in VAST numbers. You want real chaos? Go WTO.
Thread
Buy Bitcoins! The first 5,000 users to complete Account Verification (KYC) on will each be rewarded with 20 EUR! Make sure to follow to see our next announcement! #Brexit #Bitcoin #BestDeal #YourChance #Future
This
Whataboutery. Look at your own party and the mess it's made of Brexit.
Maybe the Tories should stop criticising Labour and state what they is going to do to get Brexit sorted. This is s typical tactic shout and jeer at their opponents while doing whatever they want. Her deal lost, she is running down the clock and doesn’t seam to care.
In the words of Emmett Forest: "is it too late, can i just say how much i want you to stay!"
#Brexit now, negotiate later.
That's what I've been saying souness is a racist prick he can't stand pagba he's a jealous old cunt he's no better than the journalists who has go at sterling he needs to be sacked from scouse sports
Get Theresa May and all the Brexit bastards onto universal credit. They might stop with all the self congratulations about how great their government is. Genuine people are suffering and dying because of it. With any luck they'd suffer and die as well #BrexitShambles
#TorysWhatAreTheyGoodFor #DebtDispairDeathRepeat #VoNC #TruthPMonNHS #nhsbudget #130bn in 2010 cut 100000 Staff and budget to #143bn by 2029 - #REALEFFINPROGRESSPM the brexit videos OUT PM, Deaf dumb blind &amp; THICK #aslippyPinBallBLIZZARDMOSSadwontEVERstickto #PMSHITbasically !
If the older generation had been anti-brexit they'd be chanting the adage that "Wisdom comes with age"
One thing that did not change since yesterday is the content on Twitter regarding the desirability (or lack thereof) of #Brexit &amp; critiques of May. New political situation but no new political takes as far as I can tell.
LOL! Surely Leave ultras will complain that Norway is Brexit in Name Only, so two of the options would be Not Brexit!!!
Scaremongering they should invest in British goods and ingredients Apetito invests £5m as part of Brexit contingency plan
No deal or #Brexit agreement. It's a choice between #Advertising growth or recession according to #DigitalMarketing
Exactly. But in my view people trusted that would be more pro-EU. They've seen almost 2 years of Corbyn in opposition and heard what he has to say (and refuses to say) on this critical issue. Now they know their trust was misplaced. A GE won't resolve Brexit anyway.
Thread.
If they don't go through with Brexit I'm in the revolution of no longer voting useless politicians in. I definitely won't take part in another people's vote again anyway. P45s for all the house I say.
Zero clarity? Hes spelled it out multiple times... Vite against May,no confidence vote GE then renegotiate and leave it up to the people to choose on the deal or no brexit...
I'm going. Please attend and RT #LetsGoWTO #NoDealBrexitBrexit #NoDealNoProblem #nodeal #LeaveMeansLeave
Boris Johnson was part of both the journalistic and political class, and may have inflicted more damage over the years in spreading misinformation on the EU, than any other individual!
Can it get any lower?
Wto terms it is then. Anything else will result in anarchy.
Theresa May cornered as she faces no-confidence vote over Brexit
Woah, the PS....nutshell, right there.
You're probably sick of hearing me say it but I tweeted over 2 years ago that Corbyn would become PM just in time to take the blame for Brexit chaos.
Another snivelling snout about to leave the Westminster gravy train! Great.
Richard Burgon isn't being 'beastly' for reminding people that the Lib Dems propped up the Tories for five whole years. Their actions in the coalition will not be forgotten. Swinson refusing to rule out another one shows exactly the kind of party they are.
Your reporter just said extend backstop to September 31st 2021.. more days in September after brexit?
Given the high likelihood of Russian interference in the referendum, May laying into Corbyn's previous (albeit naïve) hesitance and apparent 'favour' for Russia is a bit rich... #Brexit
We Only Want a Clean Brexit as Voted For. Leaving The EU &amp; Customs Union. We did not vote for any soft deal at all. Nether does anyone want a second referendum full stop. Get Real and Get Us Out of Europe and stop the EU dictating to the UK once and for all. Full Brexit Now.
Peet: Everybody is expecting the gov't will find a way to extend the deadline; it doesn't mean Brexit will be cancelled, but we can expect several more months of uncertainty. #BusinessNightly
A bit of snark when dropping some heavy news is a-ok in my book. Thanks for the grin ahead of some cringe-inducing reading of the global threats report,
Irish Independent today. #Brexit "What an irony that the tag line of the Brexiteers was “Take back control” when the truth is that the act of leaving the European Union means Britain losing control and entering the realm of chaos."
Six Stories You Missed While Britain Obsessed Over The Crunch Brexit Vote
With her deal dead and having ruled out both negotiating with the Labour leadership and any customs union, May has abdicated responsibility for Brexit. The only three options are: 1. Parliament takes control 2. Second referendum 3. No deal What is the point of her premiership?
If the Brexit referendum told the government to tell Europe to fuck off, thats what they should do. No deals, Fuck off Europe! Is that so difficult?
Whether there is or not, the outcomes of these investigations should be awaited and Brexit reconsidered only then.
#bbcnews #brexit So it's wrong to invite IRA member into parlement to discus how to resolve conflict, but it is OK for #ToriesOut to have an actual member of the IRA in their party. And now smearing JC with antisemitism. #Tories are truly disgusting.
Revealed: How Theresa May was betrayed by 118 members of her own party as her Brexit deal was crushed - so how did your MP vote? - ...
#Brexit is one of the most idiotic things a nation has voted for in recent years (and there's strong competition!) Yet why am suddenly rooting for May to achieve what the absolute shower around her can't?
"Another said: "Why do the BBC keep having this idiot from Lowestoft on TV?"". Why indeed?
If the Brexit referendum told the government to tell Europe to fuck off, thats what they should do. No deals, Fuck off Europe! Is that so difficult?
The Brexit impasse: Your questions answered.
Are you for real? You should be bringing to task the real Villains in all this Brexit Fiasco! They have had over 2 years to sort this out. This Goverment and Theresa May are the worst ever .
George Galloway “nailing the lie” that to be in favour of #Brexit is to be on the Right &amp; Remaining is to be on the Left. See why Galloway was buried by our Elite &amp; MSM, they needed to “Divide &amp; rule”. Left &amp; Right united against the EU? Can’t have that:
What's going on in UK politics? I've not looked all morning. #GeneralElection #UKPolitics #Brexit #PeoplesVote
The backstop IS irrelevant. The level of North/South trade could easily be managed with trusted trader agreements (as it could if it was 20 times greater). TTAs will probably, in time, replace (commercial) borders. The backstop nonsense was a devise to reverse Brexit.
Correct. I'm convinced my wife would have made a better fist of #brexit than the incumbent of No.10.
Last night's LGC Briefing from is refreshing for its focus on the bigger picture beyond Westminster #brexit manoeuvrings, yet utterly terrifying in its prognosis if the country doesn't manage an orderly departure
Steve Hilton: Original intent of Brexit - restoring freedom and sovereignty - buried by inept bureaucrats #FoxNews
No, a clear majority would have been 51% of the electorate. Instead Brexit managed a marginal win of those who voted, even after EU citizens residents here, and British citizens resident in the EU, and 16-18 year olds had all been ruled out, and...
Brexit and no-confidence vote: Corbyn targets ‘zombie government’
Fuck the Brexit, here is my Afghan tribal outfit far better than Theresa May Brexit deal. Brexit was invented by the Tories and it is going to make us poor. It’s distressing and boring. End of all this we will still end up with a Tory government full of austerity and inequality
Political spine?
"Brexit deal defeat knocks London's blue chip stocks as pound weighs" -
And so the move to the most humiliating softest-ever Brexit (and the complete betrayal of 17.740,742+ British people) continues...
‘Posturing politicians undermine school values’ #Brexit
Like a lot of people I voted for JC 'because' we did need a change in the country. But his stance on Brexit has changed too many people's opinion of him now. Im sure you've heard it all before 'as I have' All a waste of time now
Theresa May omits Jeremy Corbyn from cross-party Brexit talks
Guys just tabled a vote of no confidence why on earth would she consult him he’s no interest in brexit only getting into number 10
Brexit Live: Theresa May faces PMQs ahead of confidence vote
Lawyers express concern after UK rejects Brexit deal. The future of IP rights remains unclear post-Brexit after UK politicians last night rejected the Withdrawal Agreement, according to lawyers. #Brexit #IPrights #Nodeal #patent #copyright #trademark
Brexit PLOT: Farage issues shock warning for Leave voters about MPs and their 'EU friends'
Who gives a dam about Brexit, i know i made the right decision when i abandoned a sinking ship.
Jon latest: RT DavidLammy: Blame us. Blame Westminster. Do not blame Brussels for our own country's mistakes and do not be angry at us for telling you the truth. Be angry at the chancers who sold you a lie. In full: Why I'm voting against Brexit today a…
“Jobless first Brexit”
Here's what investors appear to be betting on.
Juicy
Please ask Suella Braverman to explain what provisions for our daily lives- other than those associated with trade - the imaginary concept of a “WTO Brexit” consists of For more clarity, ask literally any other human
The BBC and Sky will blame brexit no doubt !
In other words she wants to stay in, as she always did
“Defeat of the Tory deal in a public vote would give us all a chance to campaign for the anti-austerity policies and a Labour government that deals with the true causes of the Brexit vote, and a reformed Europe that works for all people.” #StopToryBrexit
Bet Susan voted Brexit. #TheArchers
Welcome to the Westminster apocalypse. A terrible disaster but an enjoyable read: “Arlene Foster, who still has all the warmth of the matriarch of a remote farm who retains the passports of her labourers.” | #Brexit Marina Hyde
Nivel Genius
Me , ill say it . Bollox to brexit .
This is the UK, we do things differently here! #BrexitVote #Brexit #BrexitChaos
Yes. I heard this from someone very involved with labour in the early days after the result of the vote. It was their plan to enable Brexit in hope of causing a revolution. Many don’t believe this because it’s too bonkers.
Agree, media is extremely biased, France etc already said no issues with planes trains and automobiles. Various countries agreed no issues with ex pats etc. Its all project fear to keep us in. They want to shackle us as a state of the EURO PROJECT.
Brexit: Passports or Visas?. ( for the #1 of the NFL-Consessions)(Marshal-Law)
So only 25% of Labour MP's urge that but 75% of Labour MP's do not urge Corbyn to swing behind a second referendum - there fixed it for you.
Brexit vote: how will no deal affect your holiday?
UK Oil and Gas Industry Association : Statement on Brexit
OK but you're giving her the benefit of the doubt so then so should you for corbyn. Self motivated or looking after the best interests of the country by calling no confidence in the ineptitude of the government's handling of brexit?
. This is why we voted for Brexit
Walking through city centre and can’t escape the wankers spouting off about Brexit. Face it, it’s all a bit shit.
Unfortunately Grimy you have failed to realise that the country isn't behind your madness or brexit...parlament, whos sovereignty you backed is now reflecting the division and hate your fellow brexiteers sowed in 2016! Well done you've destroyed the Uk and democracy!
Good luck with the renegotiations
Japanese bank blames Brexit for move to Amsterdam
It's also important to remember that the UK voted for brexit. The question is why and what areas actually need to be addressed, whether it's poor job prospects, a squeezed NHS, heightened fear, isolated and divided communities, whether it's by race, wealth or religion.
$ADM #Admiral Group PLC Continued Brexit Uncertainty Complicates Outlook for Admiral Earnings: After the election result on Prime Minister Theresa May’s deal for Brexit, we are maintaining our GBX 1,660 fair value estimate and no-moat rating for Admiral.…
You’ve got to love an empty quiet pub on a drizzly day. (Here for work. Really. Good luck with that Brexit stuff).
World stocks hold nerve after May's Brexit defeat, pound steady
But she is not including in the EU discussions. She has not called him, yet?! She knows she's safe Tories want 2stay I power
Waste of time anyone thinking that Theresa May will change her fixed &amp; uncompromising approach to Brexit. Anyone who’s ever had the wretched Myers-Briggs psychological tests inflicted on them can see she’s inflexible &amp; set in her ways. A Manager not a Leader.
Pound LIVE: GBP soars HIGHER as Sterling remains resilient after Theresa May Brexit defeat
Tbf this is actually fair and balanced if Theresa May is the axis.
Pound exchange rate news: Why did GBP rally after Theresa May Brexit defeat?
BBC News - Brexit vote: Donald Tusk hints UK should stay in EU
Ha, just hunting for an old tweet of mine and I see that Raab removed the original that I was quoting, here. Perhaps I learned to read a graph properly and did not want to continue looking foolish
A breakdown of how each MP voted on the Brexit deal. vía
Jeremy Corbyn is destroying Labour. Those who voted for him as leader were as naive as your average Brexit voter. Labour must step up and move him back to the back benches or further
#CivilService, #localgov &amp; #NHS still operate on a model of crisis management, which costs much more than it would to tackle the causes of problems
$DLG #Direct Line Insurance Group Continued Brexit Uncertainty Complicates Outlook for Direct Line Earnings: After the election result on Prime Minister Theresa May’s deal for Brexit, we are maintaining our GBX 260 fair value estimate and no-moat rating…
This will not happen unless the Moggies defeat May she reacts if the Commons takes Brexit power away from her.
I don’t think he’s insulting Kondo but making fun of Brexit
Brexit WARNING: Mark Carney says markets think EU exit could be DELAYED
Oh for goodness sake, Theresa, you're embarrassing yourself and the country.
Pound US dollar exchange rate: GBP remains buoyed after Brexit defeat for Theresa May
Pound euro exchange rate: GBP steady against EUR after Brexit defeat for Theresa May
Will, Brexit, like Trump in the USA, is a Russian Intelligence Operation designed to weaken NATO, fracture Western Europe, and was supported by conservatives lying about nearly EVERYTHING. Its nonsense should be stopped immediately. Period. Thx. (Your grid coverage is missed)
Brexit, El Chapo, Nairobi: Your Wednesday Briefing
Well said Mr Bellis I think!!!
She wont lose a confidence vote. #Brexit
$ADM #Admiral Group PLC Morningstar | Continued Brexit Uncertainty Complicates Outlook for Admiral Earnings: After the election result on Prime Minister Theresa May’s deal for Brexit, we are maintaining our GBX 1,660 fair value estimate and no-moat…
"Just get on with what was voted for" I'm starting to think the issue with Brexit was it wasn't a simple Yes/No question Leave voters all want different things.
We Only Want a Clean Brexit as Voted For. Leaving The EU &amp; Customs Union. We did not vote for any soft deal at all. Nether does anyone want a second referendum full stop. Get Real and Get Us Out of Europe and stop the EU dictating to the UK once and for all. Full Brexit Now.
Please sign and share
WTO rules: What happens if there's a no-deal Brexit?
That's because they see away out of the GFA via Brexit . They are getting away with it too
May is useless on brexit but wow she is going in on Corbyn here. #PMQs
$DLG #Direct Line Insurance Group Morningstar | Continued Brexit Uncertainty Complicates Outlook for Direct Line Earnings: After the election result on Prime Minister Theresa May’s deal for Brexit, we are maintaining our GBX 260 fair value estimate and…
Rather than speak to each other we decided to set up a whatsapp group and just message using emojis. #Brexit
True, but No Deal is pretty much unnecessary. Even hard Brexit is going to involve collaboration on things like security, aviation etc. - lots of small ad hoc deals. Presumably a transition period can be hammered out. EU already unilaterally giving 9 months on some areas.
david cameron is a twat. he fucked up the country and won’t even acknowledge the shitshow brexit has become because of him. fucker.
Need 2 Know: Brexit Chaos, Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand Joins 2020 Race: #Brexit #KirstenGillibrand
The only solution now is not to Save Brexit and Stop Britain working... it is a strong leader to stand up to Brexiteers and simply Scrap Brexit to Save Britain's economy, jobs and ability to influence the world
This very interesting interview about hard #Brexit with invokes a book I’ve been thinking about a lot watching the disaster unfold: Christopher Clarke’s The Sleepwalkers.
Trump and Brexit are linked together. They're both white nationalist movements to reclaim white dominance and secure white majority.
When he’s not reading out a #BrexitVote he is calling out #180
Crux means "vital point". I was quoting a tweet about the backstop. The issues of the open border and cross border cooperation (short-handed as "NI"? are "the crux" of the overall issues the UK has about trade in relation to Brexit. The "conundrum" relates to UK (trade).
'Time almost up': EU warning as Brexit chaos deepens
Stocks trade mixed amid Brexit chaos
Great to hear about this work by at our ARI Workshop today
Brexit right now
We are seeing an inefficient and ineffective Policy, which does not know how to manage the "BREXIT" and which is not capable of offering ANYTHING I think would have to fully support to win the Motion of Censorship to
Wonder whether paradoxically agreeing to PV now might free parli up to produce a genuine Brexit consensus position: once all MPs know final “deal” will go to PV, they are freer to depart from entrenched positions &amp; think creatively as wouldn’t necessarily have to back it in PV 1/
Good to hear speaking to on explaining why the Backstop is important for Northern Ireland. #Brexit
He does a much better job...
The result of y'day's vote, after of 2.5 years of "negotiation", made one thing very clear. This is where #Brexit leads: to debacle, and historic humiliation. There is no good Brexit. There is not even a better Brexit. There is only this Brexit. And y'day it got shot down. 1/
under the radar... lost amid the #BrexitVote . Following the failed #dementia tax...Another blow to #pensioners by this pernicious #Tory govt. #GeneralElectionNow
Brexit
SICK......of Brexit, Junker, Guy, Remain, Leave, Fbpe, Tusk. #wto
Brexit Turmoil Shows Contempt for Scotland #Brexit
thats an "indicative" opinion
Another missed opportunity for Mundell to learn. Whether folk vote Yes or No to Indy he does not represent Scotland on Brexit at all. His rebuttal was rude and ignorant.
Have you heard German MPs want to come to UK to discuss Brexit, bypass Brussels, as they are concerned about losing trade. So seems Brexiteers we were right Govt should have waited for EU to come to UK! Pity PM too stubborn to listen!
Winter is already here for May and gove and the Brexit elected frauds.
Both sides of the Brexit debate: Remain "You're stupid" Leave "No you're stupider" Remain "No you're stupidist" Leave "... Continue to fade
Masonic Ritual - Theresa May's Brexit vote and the "Order Out of Chaos" agenda
Why not? Because he wants Brexit as much as she does.
Lawyers express concern after UK rejects Brexit deal. The future of IP rights remains unclear post-Brexit after UK politicians last night rejected the Withdrawal Agreement, according to lawyers. #Brexit #IPrights #Nodeal #patent #copyright #trademark
The default outcome is exit on #WTO terms - unless the #perfidious #EU stops interfering in internal matters over #Brexit that is the most likely outcome - engage with that. Alternatively: #Ireland also leaves #EU and joins #FreeTrade zone with #UK thus resolving boarder issue.
Life is simple, we just make it complicated. #brexit #shutdown #governmenttoobig
Absolutely Mike and as First Minister has a duty of care to Scotland, it would be a dereliction of duty not to remove us from this toxic union.
WTO rules: What happens if there's a no-deal Brexit?
To mitigate your customs obligations for a no-deal #Brexit, Revenue offers a number of customs special procedures that allow qualified and approved economic operators to limit their customs obligations. For more info click here :
The latest The willy Daily #decchiù! Thanks to #brexit #rassegnastampaestera
"Pro-EU UK Conservative Lawmaker Puts Forward Legislation for Second Brexit Referendum"
I disagree with your view of Brexit although it may be accurate for some voters, I don't think it's accurate for the majority, and certainly isn't for me. I voted to leave because I dislike the way the EU is becoming an intransigent bureaucracy intent on destroying its own states
Or we could, you know, redouble our efforts to find out why people voted for Brexit AND FIX THE UNDERLYING PROBLEMS
The only fake is this idiot, think he should maybe concentrate on how he is murdering the citizens of France with the help of the EU army.
The stubborn language used by Leadsom and May is staggering. This is a nation built on pragmatic compromise where give-and-take is the way we navigate our lives and challenges. #Brexit #BrexitShambles #brexitdebate
That’s quite apt given the Brexit lunacy going on.
Somewhere Leon &amp; Rosa are smiling.
I admit to near total ignorance of British constitutional law. But can someone who knows something about it please explain to me why the parliament can't or won't just vote to refer the Brexit question for a...
We Only Want a Clean Brexit as Voted For. Leaving The EU &amp; Customs Union. We did not vote for any soft deal at all. Nether does anyone want a second referendum full stop. Get Real and Get Us Out of Europe and stop the EU dictating to the UK once and for all. Full Brexit Now.
#ThingsThatAreBadForYourHealth Brexit
Damn Piers being vicious here...
Are you trying to suggest that our fine government had no idea what they were doing, with no plan, and no competent negotiators? #Brexit
Given that Labour policy is currently to carry through a deal - which in practice means May’s deal - it looks like you’re quite happy about Brexit. Why?
I thought ageism was to be discouraged. Nowadays, in the U.K. it seems to be the only ageism that is still acceptable, all because of Brexit. It would be shocking if it weren't so laughably uninformed. Someone has not really got the idea of 'universal suffrage.'
Discover all 208 crossings, heir history during the Troubles and what they look like today.
African armys get nothing, no tour dates, theft of our resources-
We're playing this Saturday at the great Grove Inn, Leeds, LS11 5PL 8pm,free entry - music all night. Go on, give yourself a Brexit breather
What does the #British Parliament seek through its repeated attempts to disrupt #Brexit and overthrow a democratic popular #referendum?Does the democratic popular will is becoming a problem and populism when it does not suit their interests...!!??
who gives a shit what she thinks??
Is there a deadpool for what dies first, #tradewar or #Brexit? If so, I want in.
I want to fucking scream! WHEN WE ENTER A TRADE DEAL WITH THE EU WE WILL HAVE TO AGREE TO AN INFORMAL OR FORMAL CUSTOMS UNION WHICH WILL INVOLVE SOME FORM OF FREEDOM OF MOVEMENT. #Brexit
Bravo, well said, M. Macron, and thanks for linking this most interesting analysis, . Fascinating.
But they do anyway! I don't want NHS privatised, Universal Credit, homelessness, privatisation of other public services etc, along with millions more but we get it anyway! But when Brexit suits them it's "the will of the people!" If public opinion matters it can't be selective!
The SNP might as well use this for any future ballots, and scrap their own campaigns. This is their best recruitment tool!
Same shit, different smell. #brexit #brexitdebate #BrexitShambles #Brexitchaos
Brexit-style
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK. “And the deeper the trans-Atlantic dysfunction gets, the better it is for Putin.”
Says Chelle Damning political parties actually INVOLVED in the Brexit process while SF isn’t
Looking forward to reading Hansard(?) to confirm the context on this, but boy oh boy...
hahaha, keep your grapes (and your refugees), we'll take our fish (and our land)
Even more unbelievable is the fact that vast swathes of English brexit voters still believe that and apparently, the fact the EU is protecting the interests its members states is somehow proof the EU is bullying the UK #EnglishExceptionalism
Mrs May we voted leave, not for a deal "My deal delivers the Brexit people voted for, a country that works for everyone, a fairer Britain" But Mrs May we voted leave, not for a deal "My deal delivers a country that works for everyone delivers, delivers" NURSE PLEASE COME QUICKLY
I would support Dominic for PM
Have you noticed the recent spike in use and repetition of "Clean Brexit" as the new narrative? “Clean Brexit”. A synonym for “chaotic, highly damaging, reputation ruining act of self harm”
OK, so you're against referendums being ignored. How do you square that with almost any form of brexit going against the referendum in support of the GFA?
Globe editorial: The Brexit farce just got turned up to 11 /via
Just looking at IMF Data. No deal/WTO turns 1.5% UK growth into 8%+ decline. Far from Brexit giving money to the NHS, this sum is more than all we currently spend on running it. It's like throwing the NHS away every year Yet many leavers voted Leave to improve NHS funding #FBPE
, BREXIT: Time is so short that the only sensible option is to agree to stop Article 50 and prolong the decision date from 29 March until just prior to the European elections 23 May
Sorry what? And what exactly has the Labour Party done to contribute anything towards Article 50? Apart from demand a GE that nobody wants or needs. Stick to Fantasy football mate. Labour has been a joke for 8 years now. Remind me again of labours brexit plan? There isn’t one.
Economic warnings after UK Brexit plan defeat
Does anyone know what the figures are for the breakdown of the leave vote? How many want a hard brexit? How many a soft? How many couldn't that answer the question?
If a NO DEAL Brexit goes through &amp; this most arrogant leader in British History stays in power for yet another year we are DOOMED to a DEPRESSION bigger than the 1930's BAD FOR BRITAIN bad for TinPanAlley + its redevelopments, love or hate em THE ESTABLISHMENT RULE
If the British people have not grasped by now that brexit is a con then then there is not much hope of Mrs May resigning or a general election.
The latest The Carer - Daily Caring News! Thanks to #dementia #brexit
Back the pm to stop a general election but resign on Monday after her 2nd deal gets voted down. Then a new tory leader and a NO DEAL BREXIT.
A pretty staggering insight into the mindset of the British voter regarding #Brexit (by )
Bank of America, Goldman Sachs, Brexit, Snap and Sears - 5 Things You Must Know $BAC $GS $SNAP $SHLD $UAL $DAL
It would prevent is frim having deals with other countries- which is rather the point of trade Brexit.
It is our pleasure to welcome Senator for today's discussing #Brexit: Mitigating the Risks and Seizing the Opportunities for Jersey. #BrexitOpportunities
I strongly appreciate that they have a committee to consider this stuff. I also remember when they were debating “Le Brexit” or “La Brexit”!
What is Brexit? The non-Brits guide (because it affects you too) | WPIX 11 New York -
This.
She outa just say, "Fuck ya'll, I'm out! Have fun in the bread and medicine lines."
Stocks set to open slightly higher as traders digest Brexit vote and focus on bank earnings
What will the #FBPE ers get angry about after Brexit. Their whole raison d'etre will be gone. Will they turn back into balanced humans, or carry on ranting about crap for the rest of their lives?
Brexit means adulterer
Another Brussels Braodcasting Corporation correspondent struggling to deal with facts rather than unsubstantiated fears about Brexit. This reporter proclaims “”everyone” knows tariffs must go up after Brexit. In fact, on 30 March at a stroke Parliament could eliminate them all.
What last night's historic Brexit defeat means for HR via
Really wish I was in economics class to talk shite about brexit for 1 hour 20 minutes and hear about what mr fogarty would say about trump eating mcDs at the white goose
Liadh Ní Riada MEP for Ireland South - "If Britain does crash out of the EU then under no circumstances should more EU fishing vessels move into Irish waters from Scottish and English waters." #Brexit
You are truly a moron and an arrogant one too. Just because some dimwits in Tottenham elected you as their MP, it doesn't mean that your opinion carries more validity than that of the over 17 million holding a different view.
British PM Theresa May faces no confidence vote after Brexit defeat in House of Commons
omh david cameron is still alive? I deadass thought he died
Does anyone know the economical ramifications if the UK were to lose Scotland and Northern Ireland? #Brexit
This traitorous, anti-Semitic slime ball and his party of spineless MPs will not benefit from #Brexit #Corbyn has shown he has his own interests way ahead of that of the voters. Coward, backstabbing traitor.
Oh dear, did Dominic Grieve not like the result of the Brexit Referendum. Clearly a fauhful EU stooge.
ICYMI Theresa May's government in chaos as MPs overwhelmingly reject Brexit deal
What happens after the #BrexitVote? Knowing which factors to monitor while trading will help you get an advantage in the competitive and fast-changing world of #Forex.
• What Time? • Where to watch? • What could happen? No confidence vote details in full:
Crushing defeat for May's deal leaves Brexit path unclear. European leaders plead with U.K. to get its act together on Brexit.
The daily business briefing: • Theresa May faces no-confidence vote after humiliating Brexit defeat • Netflix shares soar after price hike, lifting tech stocks • Judge rejects request to make government pay workers during shutdown
Treacherous cnut, right here...
Will Britain's government fall after devastating Brexit defeat? And 9 more things to know for Wednesday &gt;&gt;
You're truly a good guy
Who are you calling a turkey? :)
In another week of #brexit induced chaos this set of pictures from photographers offers a great snapshot of a country in a bemused kind of purgatory
Please ask our #PrinceFamily of #Liechtenstein, because they are #relatives to your #Queen! #Short #relationships #England #London #Vaduz #Brexit #Satire
She is and always has been an English nationalist - the core of the brexit support base. She even opposed creating, and later proposed scrapping, the Welsh Assembly after it was established by referendum.
Theresa May suffers enormous defeat over Brexit deal vote
Ken Clarke pointed out there's nowhere in the world 2 close countries have open borders without some form of customs union... May doubles down *yet again* by ruling out giving an inch on a customs union (confirmed by Downing St). She has *no intention* of changing her red lines.
#Brexit bust deals potential blow to #UK's #FinTech role:
A bungled brexit plan leads to no confidence vote in the UK. Will Theresa May’s government survive? #cdnpoli
The 1st vote came across loud &amp; clear. Did you not hear the Thunder.....
Excellent. Markel rejects A50 extension. Meanwhile HMS United Kingdom sails serenely on to Brexit at 23:00 on 29th March 2019.
What a quote: "[A general election...] would bring chaos when we need certainty." #BrexitShambles #Brexit
All grown-up economic analysis suggests Brexit will damage the UK to such an extent that Corbyn's grand plans would be beyond his means. It may be unimportant to you, you may even share his Euroscepticism, but for others it is the biggest issue this country has faced since WW2
Brexican Standoff #Brexit #BrexitVote #Cartoon
Back to Norway+? '10 myths about the ‘Norway model’ examined' on our blog
We Only Want a Clean Brexit as Voted For. Leaving The EU &amp; Customs Union. We did not vote for any soft deal at all. Nether does anyone want a second referendum full stop. Get Real and Get Us Out of Europe and stop the EU dictating to the UK once and for all. Full Brexit Now.
I am not sure what is in a worse state at the moment, Brexit or Arsenal. All going horribly wrong and getting worse by the day.
Can I order more then 1 RasPi Zero for private, because I need Brexit emergency supply?
Some apt replies to this.
OUR FRONT PAGE: More Labour MPs join campaign to force Corbyn to back new Brexit referendum. Read more:
VAT receipts threatened by Brexit - VAT receipts represent an increasing percentage of HMRC’s total tax take, suggesting the tax burden is increasingly being shifted to consumers research by #VAT #Brexit #accountancy #nq
Swiss are collateral victim of Brexit - Denis MacShane - OMFIF
Gregg Mark J Harper As New Prime Minister A.S.P Now Move Over Mrs May Your Time Is Up Time For Mark J Harper To Be The New Uk Prime Minister Today Please Conservative Party He Is Good He Get Brexit Done
Just been on saying that neither Tories or Labour can get us out of this Brexit mess. The only way forward is a People’s Vote. Watch me on playback:
Rather have this uselees lot than a deranged neo marxist with some very questionable 'friends' BBC News - Brexit and no-confidence vote: Corbyn targets 'zombie government'
Following yesterday’s vote in parliament, here's some information on citizens' rights and key changes in the event of a ‘no deal’ Brexit
Agree we need ge not another vote that would be more damaging and cause even more division. Sensible jobs first brexit is only deliverable by jc. Also gives a chance to deselect the tory lite members and the think tank puppets. #jc4pm
Please don’t feed them the line that this is all a humiliation for a once-great nation etc etc. or pick interviewees who do. We can be proud that a fundamental disagreement about who we now are is being worked out by democratic politicians, not smoothly, but without violence.
Project Fear lies proven wrong: Medicine won’t make it to UK Clean drinking water will run out after 1 week House prices will drop 20% immediately after Brexit Big business will not come to UK I’ll add some more...
May, red lines, brexit. It's a #ZombieBrexit
Being a martyr as she was offered a pairing agreement. If MPs cannot bring themselves to trust each other why the fuck should we?
1. Hi I would much appreciate a face to face chat regarding the highly probable increase in seizures and deaths of those with epilepsy post-BREXIT to discuss what can be done. PTO
Brexit is a cross between Britain Remain and Exit. It’s really quite clever
POLL: How would you vote in a second Brexit referendum? /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote
I missed this part of Corbyn’s speech...Anyone video it?
That plan went well. What a joy to see Druncker wrong shoes stagger onto the stage to find the movie is over. Funniest line since Stan &amp; Ollie.
I would Gary in football you could influence thing's greatly who knows how the Brexit bullshit will end !
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has accused the Tories of failing the country following the historic Brexit deal defeat.
What’s so deeply sad about Brexit is the power and influence on a global scale we are simply giving away in pursuit of something we already had. We were there, at the top table. Post-Brexit we’ll be on our own at our own little table, out in the annex.
We have been excluded in a meaningful way in helping to determine the principles on which the Brexit deal should be negotiated says We have been threatened with deselection, threats against our safety and even death threats.
Honestly, I'm not sure what drove Brexit is different from Trump's election. Putin was able to play on people's fear and tendencies to scapegoat. I think we're going to end up impeaching that orange jackass - indicting him would be my pref. Not sure what your "out" is on this...
Thats the problem with them, no sense of irony. No sense of honour, dignity &amp; Country either.
So bad it’s good: Why markets see a silver lining in Theresa May’s Brexit defeat
No deal Brexit could put inflation up by 1%
Any US President is limited to eight years, and the next can undo the last one’s policies. Even judges die eventually. But Brexit is forever.
Both sides would still be equally guilty in a 2nd referendum. Right now though the danger we have is no deal or ignore the will of the people. Yes if we cancel Brexit millions will be happy but even more (who voted leave) will be unhappy and let down by the political system.
Why are all these torys banging on aboaut May's willingness to debate? This is the women that sent the Home Secretary in her stead to debate during the last election!! #Brexit
Ep 322: Shane Ross is not helping with Brexit preparations - Verona Murphy, President of the Irish Road Haulage Association, joins Eamon to explain why. The Stand is proudly produced in partnership with Tesco Finest
Anything wrong with russia’s stance on brexit?
But the only reason you're leaving is your nemesis called, pretending to be your friend, to let you know about a "better party." And no one at the party thought you'd fall for that shit, but you did.
Lammy for PM
Whilst wastes money on his stop Brexit campaign
#Islam #Brexit #AFD #London Qur'an: What was created first? Allah can quite recall
Reminder that the roots of both Brexit and the current US Govt shutdown are the internal factional disputes within ruling right wing parties.
Switzerland is not in a custom's union with the EU, still enjoys (paid for) access to the Single Market. Among the wonderful opportunities brought by Brexit is a deal with Switzerland, see
Remoaner traitors! #brexit #remoaners
What to Read on Brexit
About time
Brexit will make all these things worse.
UK has desperate need for #immigration because of ageing population. Demographic change 2016 to 2030: -over 65s up 30% -working age up just 2% Mistake to believe that this has been driven by the EU rather than by our own choices. #brexit #remain
#voteofnoconfidence . Her full on attack on the Labour benches isn't going to help in anyway cross-party cooperation on #Brexit
#Brexit &amp; Borderlands website just launched by Our project research &amp; information contributed to the report including one of our participants videos of a border crossing being reopened #borderroads #irishborder #PeaceIV
So bad it’s good: Why markets see a silver lining in Theresa May’s Brexit defeat
I find the way the British parliament works, fascinating. It's like a youtube comments section with someone trying to moderate, but failing miserably #Brexit #BrexitVote
What a shallow useless party the Tories are. They've now entered the 'dog in a manger' Brexit stage. We can't do this but nobody else is getting a sniff if we have any say in it. Clinging desperately to power. MAYBOT &amp; MSM: "Tories must rule. Tories must rule. Tories must rule"
Theresa May says today that 17m people voted Leave because they weren't being listened to, so she must deliver Brexit. Well I am one of the 16m who voted Remain and I sure as hell haven't been listened to since June 2016. Talk about selective tin ear. #PeoplesVote
As I’ve said.... He’s playing a game of Risk while we squabble like chickens. Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK - CNNPolitics
Brexit #ThingsThatAreBadForYourHealth
Corbyn on May: “In denial on a customs union. In denial on no deal. In denial on the amount of money being spent on no deal. In denial on last night’s result.”
Keep telling it like it is Nigel! Thank you for speaking against the eu bullies! #Brexit
The #ERG should vote against the govt on mass. Brexit is dead whilst and ministers are in charge. It just wont happen!!!! They left the field and allowed the Remainers to change the conversation post 2016. Get a #brexit supporting leader in charge and start again
I think we all know how tonight will go. Which means we remain in deadlock with no workable Brexit plan and no effective opposition. Tories will do anything to keep power, what little power that may be
German business warns of Brexit 'chaos' #jakpost
Customs union with EU means we can't do our own trade deals and have freedom of movement etc doesn't it? Might as well cancel brexit!
Britain's Theresa May faces 'no-confidence' vote after large Brexit defeat
Has #Brexit been stopped yet? - because I really need to concentrate on other things today.
If we have a 2nd #BREXIT #Referendum , the #SNP will argue that a precedent is set , and argue that there should be a second #Scottish #Independence referendum We don’t need a second #BREXIT vote
All these MP's saying we've only got 40 sitting days left to do something about Brexit..just a point to you 650 morons...what about working the weekends, through the nights....you know what we have to do?....MP's bunch of fucking chancer morons....brewery &amp; piss up strong to mind
EP wants clarification from UK on Brexit #KUWAIT #KUNA (H.N)
Only a General election can extend Article 50!! And here is why... #Brexit #BrexitShambles #GeneralElectionNow #Article50
From such an excellent example of leadership who shoots those demonstrating to be rid of him...Is he threatening us as well over our fish...Britain saved his country..Now he threatens us over wanting to keep our (fishing waters) utterly shameful...
Confidence vote LIVE: Shamless Corbyn EXPOSED by May as the man with NO Brexit policy: JEREMY… #Brexit #ClickBait
"AUD and NZD Underperform on Chinese Warning, GBP Steady - US Market Open" Pound has held rather steady since the large defeat for PM May and her Brexit plans, while AUD and NZD underperform on China warning.
we are stronger than Brexit
I really cannot cope with the complete state of politics. I have no confidence in either side of the government. The PMQs stuff this afternoon is abysmal, and neither party leader is a solution, and somehow the government will get through this no confidence and ARGH . #Brexit
The European Union and U.K. could be heading for a damaging no-deal Brexit on March 29 if they fail to act via
Dead right. That is why they are so confused. They see everything through their imperialist lense. Look at how they have sidelined their "partner" Scotland from Brexit.
Look at the state of it.
May suffers heaviest parliamentary defeat of a British PM in the democratic era
Why cannot it then be, Revoke Article 50, but revote, on a deal which is well defined, so UK voters know the terms of #Brexit or remain.
That's really taking the biscuit! The main problem with no deal Brexit is it would be back to player quotas for so as well as 4 foreign players (incl Eire) need 7 Phil Jones's or nearest offer.
England is exposed to Irish taking back NI and its thanks to Brexit. It's in the GFA that it is up to us to decide not the English thankfully.
INFH UXEYX 160119151538
Brexit: not as bad as V-1 doodlebugs dropping out of the sky
Then a New Prime Ministers first duty is to repatriate those laws or revoke them once Brexit is finalised. We cannot have a dictatorship making our laws, that is pure lunacy
What does Brexit mean? Brexit means Shooting fish in a Brexit
MAY IS TRYING TO STIR UP TROUBLE IN PARLIAMENT AND THE COUNTRY BRINGING UP JEWS AND HOW CORBYN WILL THREATEN THEIR EXISTENCE AND THEY MUST LEAVE UNDER HIM. BREXIT IS A REALITY OF SUCH A TROUBLE AND IT NEEDS TO BE SORTED OUT BY A SECOND VOTE OR FREEDOM OF MOVEMENT
Is trying to appear tough when she accuses of not having a Brexit plan? Just out of interest May can you explain how your muddled so called strategy could ever be considered to be other than a disaster rather than a plan?
Nothing to do with why No. 10 has had such an easy ride I suppose
The Tory front bench shouldn't be smiling.
Can we get an answer on this, people? How is the tree situation looking from here on on????? #brexit
So bad it's good: Why markets see a silver lining in Theresa May's Brexit defeat
The current Brexit deal could prevent the UK from ending the cruel export of farm animals for slaughter or fattening. Please, join me in calling for an end to this abusive trade
What's the point in talking to Labour about Brexit compromise when Labour wants us to remain in EU in all but name only.
I sincerely hope we are now fully preparing for a no deal Brexit?
You have no plan for #Brexit. Waste of space.
These deals are turning into ordeals... #BREXIT #BREXITCrisis
The Brexit Saga Is Far From Over – Here’s What Analysts Are Expecting Now
Yes but us European in UK and British in Europe are punished by brexit
Yes please - if only to stop that b Dominic Grievance and the monumentally stupid Anna Sourbitch #brexit
why given 24 hrs of news to fill, why doesn't the BBC report what key EU players are saying the day after such a big event, it was more the EU's deal than the PM's #afneil #bbcnews #BREXIT
Hurray!!!
Fact checkers pounce on Trump's offhand statement that burgers were stacked a 'Hile high" i didn't know he eats a lot of fast food to avoid poisoning. :( #BIGMAC: Trump’s Burgers, King "Censured", Twitter Pro-Sharia #BREXIT via
The Trump presidency is outrageous and fascinating, but given American culture, perhaps not as shocking as Brexit. The more it plays out the more remarkable it is for the sort of things that are happening. A PM with a record defeat likely to survive a No-Confidence Motion.
Students from Northern Ireland to keep EU fees status NUI Galway after Brexit
#Brexit #BrexitVote #brexitdebate #BrexitShambles Murphy's law says if anything can go wrong it will. Brexit in action. #TheresaMay #TheresaMaysDeal suffers biggest loss in history. No future
Putin was behind BREXIT so I would believe it was a bad day as it appears dead.
I like this one: AcademyOfRock HelpStopBrexit AlisonKMurray Ground control to Theresa May Your Brexit's dead, there's something wrong Can you hear me Theresa May? theresa_may Innuendo19
It's a #bourach, but then, we always knew #Brexit would be a bourach. #RevokeArticle50
I like this one: jilliebinfrance So their was a vote and leave won 52- 48 which was conclusive but if there was a second referendum and it was 52 - 48 remain, this result would be non conclusive. The logi…
6. Second Brexit referendum looks more likely than ever #axiosam
Mrs May we voted leave, not for a deal "My deal delivers the Brexit people voted for, a country that works for everyone, a fairer Britain" But Mrs May we voted leave, not for a deal "My deal delivers a country that works for everyone delivers, delivers" NURSE PLEASE COME QUICKLY
Maybe because he's an actual statesman, one who cares about things other than fucking Brexit... The Poor, The Sick, The Needy, The Homeless, The Starving masses .... #Homework Ms Rigby ...
It's hard to leave when you can't find the door ?? #Brexit
says people voted for Brexit because they felt people were not listening to them. That is why it is important to not them let express their opinion again... #MaybotLogic
We have had cons running our country for years .... ran us into #brexit and you think the future feels bleak? LOL. Politricks. Get on with your life smh.
On prospect of extending Article 50 (delaying #Brexit beyond 29 Mar) says it’s unthinkable it could go beyond European elections. (That’s because if it did, UK MEPs need to be fielded). Elex in May but new term starts in July. So potential for ext until end June?
i'm glad i'm not the only one who sees it #TheresaMay #Brexit #Vulture #Tory
I've listened back and can confirm it was, unsurprisingly, a heckle from
Well said. Let's get on and get out.
Heard on the news a little earlier that somwonw had been caught speeding last night and his excuse was that he was listening to the brexit vote and got distracted. Then the police said that they'd never heard that excuse before. Well there's never been a brexit vote before duhh
hearing the phrase ‘it’s easy to be against things’ a lot in Brexit coverage today, from journalists as well as politicians. One of the most toxic, condescending, and outright untrue refrains in politics.
, what can you say??
And what if we still choose to leave? The "handeling" of brexit is a shambles and we would have to have a 3rd ref if the vote goes opposite way and by as small a margin as the first, would not be fair otherwise. not be "democratic"
Hold a Second Brexit Referendum
If there is a GE, Im not sure if hoping for a Tory victory might be better in the long-run. A Corbyn win means Labour owns all the Brexit fallout, Im not confident he can improve a post-Brexit UK, so Tories sweep back in as a laundered party to wreck the UK further.
She has no business lecturing anyone on bringing delay. The #Brexit referendum was a criminal conspiracy against the public. The Conservatives are afraid of democracy and the informed consent of the voters.
"British Expats Buy Cheaper Pints as Brexit Chaos Threatens Spanish Idyll" by REUTERS via NYT
Even bigger surprise coming when the EU collapses
Blame #Brexit that’s what everyone else in Europe is doing at the moment!
The vast majority of the UK voted to leave the UE. We didn't ask for the EU's permission to leave and we don't need it now. Great Britain was great before joining the EU and we shall be great again. #Brexit #3lions #WalkAway #PMQS
Spot on! #BrexitChaos #BrexitShambles
Not a chance the Vote of No Confidence motion will be passed, the DUP have already backed May and the alternative (Boris) is even scarier. #Brexit #NoConfidenceVote #TheresaMay
TBH there are very few MPs left that earn respect. Discovering how self serving most MPs, and particularly Tories are, is one of the few benefits of brexit
Just me that is bored as fuck with all this Brexit political bollocks or not?
Anne-Marie Trevelyan, seemingly only MP to mention #EUMilitaryUnion how does UK continue to be UK with it's Military controlled by a corrupt EU. #TreasonMay "remainer" and her henchmen have kicked can down the road for 2 years following EU orders #BREXIT ?
It would resolve Brexit in terms of jobs/growth/economy and wouldn't threaten GFA in NI &amp; Eire. Yet both mainstream parties think they can order up a Valerie Patisserie gateau from the EU when on offer is a SaraLee cheesecake
Confused and exhausted too. Some of us are surrounded by people who want Brexit (family, loved ones - in my case people who have given me everything). That can make for an emotionally precarious and draining home life for which nonchalance has become a coping mechanism...
FYI, Anand, there was a brief segment about the brexit Vote on MSNBC last night, which concentrated mainly on Trump wanting to pull the US out of NATO, and the confirmation hearing of their Attorney General, - which included a speech by Chuck Schumer, who mentioned the Russian
It was' in' or 'out' on the ballot...nothing about, hard, soft, fluffy, cuddly or cold Brexit.... So she's talking rubbish. PS Many of those living in the EU couldn't vote cos of 15 year rule and we'd quite like the chance to do so now,
Macron sums up Brexit.
If you ever needed proof that Arlene was an incompetent clerk... She has NO ideas of her own to make a seamless border work, but thinks it's up to T-May &amp; Leo to provide a solution over which SHE has final approval. This woman is mad.
Good analogy. It does feel like we are being inexorably sucked into the Brexit singularity.
He must be there to take in the Brexit meetings.
So far I have been absolutely right regarding #Brexit Others took credit for what I said, while blocking my tweets under some pretext To remind, in 2012, the Italian Bitch proudly claimed "There are some who do, and there are some who take credit" She was in credit taking side
Listening to about the Brexit vote, but nobody is talking about cancelling it,.
And one benefit: the creation of a new Republic of Scotland. #Brexit #Scotland #SNP
Maybot signs its own death warrant. ... Omits Jeremy Corbyn from cross-party Brexit talks
I predicted somethings about #Brexit when #Ashton was at the helm, and so far it has been a spot-on match I wont remind at the risk of looking conceited However, the manner in which things would come to pass seems to have changed And that explains the British Empire indignance
And they are also not the fault of the EU. Brexit was a protest vote at our shoddy government who have ignored the people for too long. IMO Brexit gives them a get out of things don’t improv, you voted for it. Magic money trees again.
Nothing to stop you campaigning for further referendums. Just provide a compelling argument that people have changed their minds and have Leave ACTUALLY provide a plan of what Brexit will be.
How about the idea that being far from incompetent Mrs. May is one of the best political strategists of her time. Dilly dallying her way through the expected underhand political manoeuverings to thwart brexit to deliver a NO DEAL.
I'm not sure you understand quite what hard, soft and any brexit actually mean.
UK Gov triggered A50 and set clock ticking. EU rightfully saying no drift beyond EU elections. Lack of coherent Brexit shows it is unworkable. Time to acknowledge and bin it, and move on, via #PeoplesVote if need be. Pronto
I can't think of a single way in which a GE does anything to help UK make decisions at this point. Neither party offers anything fundamentally different than the current Brexit mess. Corbyn's deluded himself into thinking he's presenting an alternative people want on this.
We need to understand how the continentals negotiate. The UK is now having a demonstration as to how that is done. Better than what we do isn’t it? We should have said no deal from the very start the wait till they came to us. Ever played poker?
*makes ooniversal sign of inevitably*
And what of Brexit
The look on the prime minister’s face (middle pic) towards as she pauses in the post vote speech last night says it all. #brexit #BrexitDealVoteDay #brexitvote #brexitshambles
The majority of directors support getting a Brexit deal approved, according to a survey following the publication of a draft withdrawal agreement on 14 November 2018. A poll of 816 Institute of Directors (IoD) members revealed that.. Read More #accountants
Subscribe Here to get a few chapters for FREE from the book Please #RT #gold #silver #stocks #trading #trades #markets #Investing #today #rich #education #hope #dreams #Giveaway #free #positivity #focus #goals #life #money #success #fun #levelup #brexit
Hurry up, #Labour, I have a bet with my wife that preassure will be to high for Corbyn. You don't want to make my wife win, you really don't. #FBPE
National interest should come first, work on a better brexit deal involve all parties, deliver the deal. Then do a general election. Get the cons out!
Tracks on the Album were. 1. Will of the People. 2. Strong and Stable. 3. We're leaving on the 29th of March. 4. Brexit means Brexit. 5. Ferry across the.... I couldn't stand it. Glad it snapped.
Politicians can’t translate what Brexit means to the public either.
Theresa May omits Jeremy Corbyn from cross-party Brexit talks
your Tweet was quoted in an article by
The fact that racist attacks and harassment on E.U. citizens increased exponentially, after the referendum should be an indication to anyone with any sense that Brexit is, in part, a racist exercise. That you don’t recognise that these adverts are lies &amp; racist is mind boggling
‘I don’t trust the government to look after me or my dog’: meet the #Brexit stockpiles #UK
I hate this current Government. I hate its economic and social agenda, along with its Brexit policy - and I cannot wait for it to end. It is, however, better than the lamentable decision for this great Country to be run by an IRA-sympathising, neo-Marxist, hater of Israel.
It's pmqs not rerun of brexit what i don't understand how May can remain prime minister. She lost by other 200 votes its a joke.
The latest The combyne-laurence Daily! Thanks to #news #brexit
Rebecca Long Bailey has stated Labour will campaign for brexit in a general election.
Fuckin hell at Anna Soubry knows how to drag out a bit of heckling #boring #brexit
Let's really be honest, there are people out there who understand the damage #Brexit will do but they aren't prepared to commit electoral fraud to stop it.
Pretty good synopsis... Freaking scary!
a) Where does it say that in the conference motion on Brexit? b) Do you think your spinning on policy is the same or worse as that under New Labour?
Like we believe or care what this guy says?
That's pretty much where my Politics class got to today. Surely easiest way to find the votes for a deal is to tack towards softer Brexit and peel some away from Labour, but wise heads spotted the risk this poses to a split party and an alienated base.
On Arlene Foster: she retains "all the warmth of a matriarch on a remote farm who keeps the passports of her labourers"
You then expect the government, that elite that you have just beaten, to make Brexit happen. In two and a half years they come up with a deal that unifies the country in rejecting it. What then? That same elite is talking about another poll? 2/
#Brexit = All Brits are under a huge fan=the EU membership,blowing vertically up. #Brexteers produces nonsense which like smelling fecal matter floats over due to the generated pressure. #Brexit will be turning off the fan, so everything will fall,all Brits will be dirty&amp;smelly.
Just saw two guys bump into each other on a narrow footpath and they both were adamant that ‘you bumped into me’ everything is a brexit metaphor today.
Well said !!!
Recently I heard say 's autobiography should just be "I'm Sorry" repeated for 400 pages. #brexit #brexitvote #UnitedKingdom #brexitdebate #BrexitShambles
Universal Blood Transfusion secrets - Avoid diseases, avoid and beat cancer, build your immune system and improve not only your general health naturally but build tons of magnetism or the attraction between human beings - Read and share pls
I'm fascinated by the second Brexit vote concept. I understand the objection ('and if you don't like those results, hold a 3rd vote?') but, knowing how manipulated the first vote was, require a 2/3 majority to overturn the results and let the people decide seems the better route.
#Brexit : Labour threatens to bring no confidence vote 'again and again and again'
BBC News - Brexit: What happens now? Christ alive! What on earth was the point of all of this in the first place????
Sounds like opportunistic capitalism to me. How do they know now what they should charge post #Brexit?
Can't criticise on that one. I wouldn't want to discuss #Brexit with somebody who doesn't grasp what it means i.e. actually leaving the EU, customs union, single mkt and all.
What are the alternatives? A cobbled together Norway plus deal (to be agreed in Parl and with the EU). No deal. Or revoke. Each perhaps via a PV. I think revoke and reconsider is best. See (today): 1/
#Brexit? “Something terrible happened and people began to shake. It was the reminder that frightened them; the reminder of just how close to the edge we are in life, always, at every moment.”
Macron's prediction/analysis of the Brexit vote is staggeringly concise and accurate.
As Prime Minister Theresa May attempts to forge a consensus on a #Brexit divorce agreement, opposition Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn said she was leading a 'zombie government'. A no confidence vote is set for 19:00 GMT. Follow our Brexit coverage
Will Brexit lead to MayExit? I really dont understand whats happening in Old Blighty can you help?
What if someone managed to rig the results of the Brexit referendum? If the public voted 63-37 against Brexit and the results were then faked to 52-48 for Brexit then someone would be open to blackmail! Thoughts?
The problem is that those who feel entitled to dictate terms of Brexit as a result of the first referendum will only be defanged by losing a second one. But that is just another pernicious effect of having had a referendum on Brexit at all. (I blame Wilson.)
Theresa May bulldozes her own vow to listen to MPs by refusing to meet Corbyn
imagine if corbyn wins the vote and has a mandate to pursue his own jumbled version of brexit. what a chaotic timeline that would be.
It will be far worse. Millions are affected by Brexit and every indication is that most Labour inclined voters still oppose it .
I was going to make a joke about how it's nice to not be the most messed up country right now and then I remembered that our government is currently in its longest shutdown ever so... glass houses and all that.
Wowwww... Democracy is in danger when Ignorant can be played by crooks.... #BrexitChaos #PeopleVote
GB has an Opposition? Oh, you mean LibDems + Greens, who are against all types of Brexit (as I've heard rumoured)?
do you support Theresa May being Prime Minister of the UK #BrexitVote #Brexit #NoConfidence
With no majority in Parliament nor the Conservative Party for any form of Brexit, Article 50 should never have been submitted. That was a dereliction of duty on the part of the Government and the Conservative Party. Unacceptable for the country to be run in this way.
The EU will happily punish delusional Britain for last night's Brexit defeat
#PMQs is turning #VoNC into a stone throwing contest. Mentioning every #JC smear over the last few years in 1 speech is a great talent &amp; is to try &amp; scare people into sticking with her. Nothing has changed... #Indyref2 #BrexitVote #Brexit #NoConfidence
Makes sense!
May and Brexit now for the most part represent uncertainty. Markets dislike that.
Ed has the most BRILLIANT plan...
If there's going to be a second referendum, then I'd remind my English friends that the Scots are first in the queue... #brexit #indyref2
Cameron &amp; Clegg increased tuition fees, destabilised Libya &amp; gave us fixed-term parliaments &amp; the Brexit referendum. Both are now coining it. Blair presided over light-touch financial regulation, PFIs &amp; the illegal invasion of Iraq. He's coining it too. I'd say it's a dead heat.
I want a GE to stop the country being sold off to more of the 1% led corporations. Brexit leave or remain will never be sorted to everyone's satisfaction... For my daughter I want us to embrace Europe and work to reform it from the inside.. I believe we need to look to the future
'It's a shambles': the view from the country on Brexit now
#Brexit = All Brits are under a huge fan=the EU membership,blowing vertically up. #Brexteers produces nonsense which like smelling fecal matter floats over due to the generated pressure. #Brexit will be turning off the fan, so everything will fall,all Brits will be dirty&amp;smelly.
How can exit from Brexit
More people using food banks, zero hours contracts, NHS on its arse, police underfunded, brexit a shambles, trains a shambles, bankers are fine though.
And shipless ferry contracts and costs of no deal Brexit preparation
I'm very clear that Funko Pops are important to Brexit negotiations
Join us for another #Brexit live webcast on the 23 January. Our panel will be discussing developments from the outcome of the Meaningful Vote and what this means for businesses leading up to 29th March 2019: #BeyondBrexit #TimetoAct
Brexit : « Enough is enough » via
Ireland readies 'mega' no-deal Brexit legislation package
The local Chav gets married at least 6 times, popping out at least 6 children for the benefits. The average posh wanker who thinks Brexit will affect ( which it won’t ) tends to go for the younger more feeble woman. Mostly 18 year olds. The Working day Joe averages 2 maridges
The PM doesn’t need to be talking to parliamentarians, She needs to be out here talking to the people. The reason these cunts don’t understand Brexit is because they’re so out of touch with reality. #brexit #brexitdebate #voteofnoconfidence #tory #labour #brexit
#ToxicToryTraitorMayDay omits Jeremy Corbyn from cross-party Brexit talks
That’s the best endorsement no deal could ever get
But what if parliamentarians still thought Brexit was bad. Why would second ref make any difference? You do keep up with events at the commons, right?
Super thread!
Too right son
The chaotic nature of what’s going on in the U.K. &amp; trouble executing #Brexit is a lesson to the U.S. When even your conservatives are liberal your country will slowly decline. Normally tough people being led down a bad path. #smh
British Prime Minister Theresa May suffers devastating historic defeat on key Brexit vote, antisemite Corbyn calls for no confidence vote via
Even my mum who doesn’t pay attention to political news and can’t be arsed with it all just said “when will Theresa May and Brexit get to fuck, she’s a shambles.” Speaking for much of the nation there.
When one looks at #PMQs it would appear there is an elephant in the room stamping its feet, trumpeting to high heaven and looking at its trunk in consternation to check it isn't invisible. #FBPE
bruh i have no clue i’m just saying they fucked up cause they did from the start of this whole brexit thing, i love all my uk mutuals but the british parliament is in shambles atm
Quick Note: Surviving Brexit: What Businesses Need to Know as the Countdown Continues
I actually feel sick at the debate is about brexit not about vile name calling, you are all a disgrace !
In case you were wondering how Brexit and the state of UK is seen from outside (this is from a public broadcaster): "Great Britain delivers an example and template for autocrats world wide: Look on us, that's the way you easily destabilise democracies."
Labour must be separated from the Conservative and called for scraping brexit and it will win and that will put paid to brexit and any referendum. Wake up Labour citizens are behind you on that. Everyone is now aware brexit was a con, a betrayal of citizens democracy.
Shut up Piers. Take that accent of yours and Brexit
Would you turnip for another vote on Brexit?
This last point of this is important. And needs to be understood by everybody.
Going to be famous, just been interviewed for Swiss TV about Brexit outside Houses of Parliament!
Brexit ministers paid EU £1.5m for translations amid white paper embarrassment
The big story from #Brexit is that the English people have a view of entitlement without duty that could never sustain a democracy
INFH UXEYX 160119151631
Apart from there is a genuine left wing case for Brexit - regarding the wage-suppressing effect of immigration that benefits the rich at the expense of the less financially well-off?
Macron gives the UK's Brexit both barrels.
Pound wobbles after May’s Brexit defeat, ahead of possible confidence vote
I want what's best for the country. Rendering the country much less powerful and therefore much less able to defend the interests of its citizens would be catastrophic. People aren't fighting tooth and nail to prevent Brexit because they hate their country, Michael.
They're being absurdly optimistic about the prospects of a deal being reached, perhaps with a closer relationship than suggested by May. e.g. Deutsche:
Search on for Brexit consensus after May’s crushing defeat
EUas in asteritu kick, Brexit resulted, both hurt trade
UK’s Seafish outlines guidance for ‘no-deal’ Brexit the worst is “Businesses can know they just need to pay for some stickers not spend thousands of pounds on a new labeling run.” If tariffs apply, the FX rate is so low, we have been well compensated for
Gloves are off in Chamber in debate on motion on #NoConfidence in HM Government. #democracy #Brexit #MeaningfulVote #BrexitVote
Labour MPs declare support for second Brexit referendum
richard burgon has absolutely lost his head.
At the very least, a Labour party government would be better for the people should Brexit happen because they won’t do austerity
Strategically inept decision pursuing soft brexit which would inevitably split the Commons into thirds. Those wanting full brexit, those wanting no brexit and those supporting the soft brexit. TM would do a fine job running a corner shop, but ask her to start a new business..
We should!!!
He had become a disingenuous old fool unwilling to see that he had to depose May to get anywhere, or agree to the Commons taking Brexit away from her
Only a General election can extend Article 50!! And here is why... #Brexit #BrexitShambles #GeneralElectionNow #Article50
We nee to unravel this thread...
Eurosceptic Tories react to Brexit deal defeat with proposals for A Better Deal and A Better Future via
An ouster of her, and/or a complete removal of Brexit from the table IMO will be Pound positive.
I was going to make a joke about how it's nice to not be the most messed up country right now and then I remembered that our government is currently in its longest shutdown ever so... glass houses and all that.
Will of the people - like your THREE followers?
CNN 6:15am SEN. KIRSTEN GILLIBRAND TO ENTER 2O2O PRESIDENTIAL RACE UK'S MAY FACES NO-CONFIDENCE VOTE AFI'ER BREXIT DEFEAT
not a political person &amp; one of many, lately have been watching with uncertainty, this #Brexit fiasco I have come to a conclusion that #MP's no matter which party, you can bet on one thing. The last people they will blame are the real culprits — themselves
May’s Brexit Deal Failed. What Happens Now?
Delusional just démonstrated her temper tantrums on #Brexit failure despite her catastrophic more 2/3 loses yet shamelessly boasted her no achievement by holding UK hostages with no brexit deal given while threat for patriotic tragedy calamity #NoConfidenceMotion
Agree! In any other organisation disastrous result of yesterday would be followed by immediate resignation! For Brexit, democracy + future Tory Party survival May MUST GO
via Search on for Brexit consensus after May's crushing defeat Reuters World News
All we seem to do is talk about it. We always end up shouting about it. There was a time we could overcome it. But it's too late to say we'll just forget it. #Brexit
With a lot of the problems regarding Scotland's independence that were discussed a couple of years ago, having Northern Ireland and Scotland simply join Ireland seems like the best way to escape Brexit.
5 things to know for January 16: Brexit, William Barr, Kenya, El Chapo, shutdown - CNN
I added a video to a playlist PM 'utterly failed' on Brexit legal agreements - BBC News
Theresa May is desperate pulling out the Jew card and accusing the Labour Party of being anti-Semitic. Tsk tsk #Brexit
Brexit endgame: Parliament votes down Theresa May’s Brexit deal
After Defeat on Brexit Plan, Theresa May Faces No-Confidence Vote
I do not regret setting the house on fire, for it was toasty and I now live in the south of France.
A #NoConfidenceVote is necessary in the circumstances but if Theresa May is worried by it then she’s hiding it really well. #brexit
literally nobody cares about whats going on with brexit anymore just get it over with tbh sick of hearing about it
ICYMI: German Chancellor Angela Merkel says ‘we still have time to negotiate’ on Brexit but next move up to UK prime minister. ( )
If it weren't for Brexit we'd feel really miserable. Not just us . . .
We Only Want a Clean Brexit as Voted For. Leaving The EU &amp; Customs Union. We did not vote for any soft deal at all. Nether does anyone want a second referendum full stop. Get Real and Get Us Out of Europe and stop the EU dictating to the UK once and for all. Full Brexit Now.
Yup. And the idiots are still shouting for a no deal Brexit.
Listening to suella braverman talk is like listening to a brexit word cloud being read out loud.
Not happening.
I did not vote in Brexit, but am OK with leaving, however, for personal reasons I definitely hope there is either extension of the clock or a deal on leaving. Hard Brexit is a real problem for us in our current immigration situation.
New post (DAX – Bank Biedex.coms Jump After Brexit Vote) has been published on - The posted gains in Wednesday’s Asian session, only to lose these gains in European trade. Currently, the index is at 10,892, up 0.01% ... -
No. Not unless some hardliner Brexiteers see it as a way to get rid of Theresa May and 'save' Brexit. And if they did that, seen as tonight is a secret ballot, it would only take 8 abstentions to see it happen. Unlikely though.
Any of you going to wake up and realize we have all been played by Russia? #BREXIT and #trump we’re both cyber warfare with the intention of stoking fear and division. They win if we continue.
Queen Should Suspend Parliament to Stop Remain MPs from Blocking Brexit
Twitter/Siri: I have printed off this piece to read later on the train; but should I wait til I get home in case it causes me to have 'an accident'?
The First Minister has to call for Indy if she wins the no-confidence vote. We cannot tolerate this any longer. The beating she took last night should have finished her, but no one wants to take her place. She has no plan B. Either reunification of Ireland or no Brexit.
Oh and crosstika followers about sums up the racist scum calling for Brexit.
your Tweet was quoted in an article by
...and being Winstanley students they weren't without an opinion!
#Shepherdshut needed for exiting to place in back garden. Recommended by former #PrimeMinister for soft exit #Brexit
We need a referendum in every other EU state now that Britain has voted to leave (2 1/2 years ago!) Its time to take the pulse of this thing. We aren't getting the full picture from European media. Let the people speak! If you're a democrat you won't object. #Brexit #YellowVest
Here's "I'm alright jack, with his bit of wisdom.
David Cameron said he 'doesn't regret' calling the EU referendum and people are furious
House prices in London have fallen as uncertainty over Brexit continues.
The latest Small Business Focus! Thanks to #brexit #business
Since when is protecting our democracy partisan? You do know that when the full scope of the corruption is revealed the GOP will look like self-serving opportunists at best and traitors at worst?
Angela Merkel Says There’s Still Time for Brexit Negotiations
You're sacred Brexit is undeliverable without seriously fucking ourselves over. You can bury your head in the sand and pretend that if only someone else had been in charge of it then the EU would have suddenly bent over backwards for us, but it doesn't convinvce me
Hold a Second Brexit Referendum
#SovereignWTOBrexit is the only way to deliver Brexit, democracy and a future for Great Britain and is exactly what we voted for... No renegotiations until after we have left.
Well said Ralf .. We should have had this debate before Brexit and looked into it more carefully ..
Absofuckinlutely
The way forward is with a Brexit Prime Minister. A second referendum will solve nothing.
Nigel Farage’s scathing attack on May ahead of no-confidence vote via
As Brexit deal goes down in flames, exasperated Europe wonders what the Britons want - The Washington Post via In 2016, 51.9% of Britons voted to leave the EU. Yesterday parliament defied the will of the people. That’s not democracy.
It will remain important, financially, for the UK, but as those financial institutions will also no longer be following EU rules it loses a major part of business they are now in. I know brexit doesn't have downsides only but too many people are living in an imagined Utopia.
#ThingsThatAreBadForYourHealth listening to anymore about brexit ! brexitted out now :(
Topical wall painting No 230 #dover #brexit
This is unacceptable, but I feel like most people are not even aware of it. Meanwhile, everybody is talking about Brexit. What a world we live in. #ExtinctionRebellion #KeepItInTheGround #GreenNewDeal #ClimateBreakdown
Not watching myself, but not an uncommon sentiment atm. Had thought no way no confidence motion would pass, but from the sounds of things the PM may yet persuade a few Conservative MPs to vote against the government.
If today's parliamentary tailspin or the grey skies aren't enough to bring you down, this is stark reminder of the knock on impact of #brexit - the lost generation of public services
No worse than Brexit as a plan in itself.
What bullshit!
Finally, MPs can tell us what they really want to do about Brexit
This is absolutely superb.
I added a video to a playlist May responds after Brexit vote defeat - BBC News
agreed. &amp; its the same dialectic that has to occur in the electorate, with still a good chance that any PV will result in a Brexit vote yet again; then what? implies any PV must be 'set' very precisely, with ALL options open to vote for. no easy matter. another 2 years reqd IMHO.
Leo Varadkar accused of not telling public the truth over no-deal Brexit
Speaking to FSB's Louise Stewart about the impact Brexit uncertainty is having on small businesses. You can watch the interview on tonight at 5pm.
In a way I've really missed Camerons trademark "running away from the interviewer at the end of my point so they can't ask another question". He actually attempts one after the first question here, but he's out of practice. He finds his true old form by the end though #brexit
After Defeat on Brexit Plan, Theresa May Faces No-Confidence Vote via
South Korea vows to take pre-emptive steps over Brexit -
Vince Cable - #Brexit cannot now be delivered by this government without the endorsement of the British ppl first
Between the US Wall shutdown and the Brexit disaster, democracy is in a bit of a mess this month.
Never because the want brexit
Is it possible NOT to classify this as populism, , , , ? May standing for the will of people while the elite (parliamentary majority) tries to "frustrate Brexit".
Labour is going to become the junior partner in Brexit, and runs the risk of the Conservatives taking the 'Brexit failed because Labour held us back' line. Ask Nick Clegg who gets the blame for bad ideas, even when they're not your ideas in the first place.
I guess I don't see what you see in the original tweet. Curious to hear more. I see a light-hearted joke about how bad the Brexit situation is; how it's not bringing anyone joy, like the things Marie suggest people leave behind. What did I miss?
Tory working majority is only 13, blocking an extension would be difficult given that a great many of their number don't want a hard brexit. You can guarantee the other opposition parties would support such a move too.
On Brexit: I'm only a yank, so my opinion = fluff. But A) Britons were lied to about how easy/good Brexit would be and B) Russia interfered with money and media. So maybe a second referendum wouldn't be such a bad thing? Even if you want the Norway option.
Addendum - 0/ May resigns and a new Brexit PM chosen.
We shall see, but Corbyn is not the leader to take the Labour Party through Brexit and beyond. The best way to oppose the government is to adopt a policy that young people and your pro remain, grassroots voters can behind, a People's Vote!
Why hasn’t she been told to go? Because every other aspiring PM thinks one of the other buggers will be chosen. They are all frit
Bernard Ingham: Given the Brexit mess, referenda, I trust, are like Monty Python’s parrot: deceased.
your Tweet was quoted in an article by
PMQs: British democracy is sinking and May and Corbyn are watching the water rise Sketch by our Westminster Correspondent Liz Bates as our political leaders play the same old song on Brexit...
Liberal Schmiberal! Do some research into the consequences of a no deal Brexit. Even the Daily Express and Mirror can't come up with much positivity
Say what you want about her politics and handling of Brexit. But I quite admire Theressa May. She came in to the hottest LZ imaginable and has tried to scratch and claw her way to the end. I said around Christmas that I thought she'd be out by the end of the week.
Mrs May we voted leave, not for a deal "My deal delivers the Brexit people voted for, a country that works for everyone, a fairer Britain" But Mrs May we voted leave, not for a deal "My deal delivers a country that works for everyone delivers, delivers" NURSE PLEASE COME QUICKLY
Corbyn is already being lined up against a wall... and (shot my establishment MSM/RedTories) blamed for #Brexit while in opposition... Can you imagine what will happen when these infiltrators really have something to work with? When its REALLY down to him? Blimey! Get rid now!
I added a video to a playlist MP delays C-section for Brexit vote - BBC News
Let it be (Beatles)
Manufacturing firms in North ‘deeply worried’ by UK Brexit vote via
Brexit is nothing short of a cancer - it will painfully destroy everyone who clings on to it - especially May who is consumed by it - the tory party would be wise to ditch everything associated with it
That would be fine as long as it was clear what version of brexit was being voted on. You cant tell me that the vote 2 years ago was Remain or the version of brexit which is in front of us now.
To be fair my ticket was pretty much booked until May’s brexit dead was rejected. #VoteLeave
We gonna riot if brexit dont happen or we just gonna allow it
We need them to be expelled. They are going to sabotage our only chance if getting a Corbyn government.
Andrea Leadsom, leader of the House of Commons, discusses the upcoming confidence vote and the aftermath of May's Brexit plan
Brexit shaping up to have scenario like WWII
Another referendum on the cards...soon...been a hunch for months! #Brexit
Video: Europe markets calm after Brexit deal defeat, leaders urge Britain to find way…
No deal isn't a deal. No brexit is the best deal.
Strong and stable, wasn't it? Self serving Tory MP's will line up to display party over country and keep the worst PM in history in office. Just imagine how different things could be under a different party...
Theresa May’s Brexit offer to MPs branded ‘ludicrous’ for ignoring Corbyn
Been watching the major news outlets on #BREXIT It's going to be disastrous! An earthquake, or a tsunami I can understand...but self-inflicted harm I fail...
Video: UK: markets muted on May Brexit defeat, but angst over path ahead #business
I added a video to a playlist Brexit: What happens next? - BBC News
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process via
Why. It is the cult that went to court and have now set it in legislation. They have given us a hard brexit. The cult of gina have given us a hatd brexit. Enjoy dick
It hasn't been ignored. For two and a half years government has tried to implement it, and the main opposition party has supported implementing it - and we ended up with a deadlock because the competing brexit plans can't win. AND a referendum would have a brexit option on it.
$SPY $QQQ $DIA - Stocks weather Brexit debacle, pound steadies
#BrexitVote : find some information regarding unregulated #Brexit
This is like me telling my dad how to drive having failed my theory twice
British parliament is like another episode of Mr. Bean. Are all these people actors or what???! #Brexit
Not sure the wounds are self-inflicted. There was plenty of foreign interference/manipulation
Focus on your own problems Macron &amp; let us deal with ours. #GiletsJaunes
Molly Everytime she hears the words #Brexit #WednesdayThoughts #WednesdayWisdom #DUPup #brexitdebate #adventures of Molly
I can't tell if she's being used as a punchline but I hate Brexit so deleted. I'll eat that one.
I wonder how England got into this mess in the first place #foolmeonce #publicagain #einsteininsanity
Not sure how anyone could have missed it... and the gov has been in chaos for a while.
Theresa May omits Jeremy Corbyn from cross-party Brexit talks
The British Public: “This Brexit business is stressing me out!” Me, a Politico:
Well as a #Brexit man I'm disgusted by all this. I was considering voting #Labour - perhaps not now. Won't vote #Conservative and definitely won't vote #SNP so what choice now?
I have just been watching, via live feed on Facebook, the debate on Brexit in the House It has reached a juvenile level with Tories who voted against her last night saying how wonderful she is &amp; how JC is the devil incarnate. I'm expecting one of them to say "My mate fancies you"
Brexit deal's principles: migration &amp; customs matched independent trade policy, but not of (social) welfare policy. Money, borders &amp; laws: custom union, gov uk, ECJ, certificate, &amp; Brexit deal whilst welfare policy covers emigration, open borders, act, refugees.
the amount of people who seem to believe would somehow magically secure the faith of Conservative MPs for his nocon motion by opposing #Brexit is honestly staggering. why would the resurrected husk of a Victorian MP like ress-mogg and his gaggle of ghouls (1/3)
The Bollocks to Brexit bus was back photobombing BBC News | Latest Brexit news and top stories - The New European #NoConfidenceVote
It is easier for a camel to pass through the eye of a needle than for a rich man to come up with a Brexit deal?
Even with a 'deal', a Brexit still involves longer term uncertainty. Maybe brief spike in the GBP...but then volatile. No deal Brexit of course will be GBP negative.
So has she talked to - labour are saying noone
Chris Pullen, CEO , who find #jobs for thousands of EU workers, quoted in re #Brexit: “The extent of the political indecision is at grave risk of becoming more damaging than the decision to leave the EU itself.” #BrexitVote
Sure you don't, ya moon-faced prick
The EU will happily punish delusional Britain for last night’s Brexit defeat
Labour don't want that. Corbyn's been anti-EU his whole career. He wants to use this to be PM while pushing for brexit. But the reality is that the only way to proceed is a second referendum. Corbyn is against that as that will likely lead to no brexit.
Truth Just #CancelBrexit already. It ain't gonna happen. Put the world out of its misery, won't ya?
Brexit
Because “once in a lifetime” will end up becoming “once a week” it’s totally unfair we haven’t yet had Brexit
The benefits of #brexit is clear for every thinking person. This is why the majority of the electorate woted for it. Now, please deliver it. #NoDealBrexit
I am well aware &amp; vehemently opposed her WA - however the FTA deal agreed with Japan sounds wholly acceptable &amp; I would like to know why this isn’t more widely known because quite frankly, Norway is not Brexit either imo
6 more weeks of Brexit?
We Only Want a Clean Brexit as Voted For. Leaving The EU &amp; Customs Union. We did not vote for any soft deal at all. Nether does anyone want a second referendum full stop. Get Real and Get Us Out of Europe and stop the EU dictating to the UK once and for all. Full Brexit Now.
Simply, Brexit was/is a GLOBALIST PLAN. Steve Hilton: Original intent of Brexit - restoring freedom and sovereignty - buried by inept bureaucrats
News from Byronik’s Semidiurnal Aggregator Thanks to #brexit #hiv
your Tweet was quoted in an article by
Perhaps everyone " inside " of politics should ask everyone outside of politics what's going on with Brexit . The journalistic bubble simply doesn't have a clue !
Less than 37 sitting days for #TRAITORS in #Westminster to cobble together #brexitBetrayal..... 29/03/19 #wethepeople will take to the street. #LibLabCON are all redundant. Game over for #remainers. #PatriotsAwakened &amp; are sovereign. Law already in place. #NoDealBrexit #brexit
Theresa May's Brexit deal has been defeated. Now, to stop a No Deal Brexit, we need more time. I’ve signed the emergency petition calling for Article 50 to be extended or withdrawn. You can sign it, and sign up to hear more from , here:
70% of English constituencies voted to leave the EU. For good or bad, Remainers sabotaging Brexit will lead to the end of the UK political union, as tail will be wagging the dog.
is the epitome of elitist gob shite!
Can you believe the DUP have the balance of power in the House of Commons - just at this crucial historic moment. This collection of bigots - who don't even represent the majority view in NI on Brexit - have the power to determine the future of 512 million EU/UK citizens
The man in Westminster knows better (version 2.0).
brexit is dull eh Bush?
In your journalistic opiniin, what do you think will happen? Second ref? Elections? Hard brexit?
Between you, Brexit, the Yellow Vests, Brazil, etc., I can't even imagine how happy Putin must be just now. He's definitely punching above his weight.
The rich wanted Brexit so they can keep on hiding their money away from the taxman instead of contributing like the rest of us.
CIPR CEO to discuss public diplomacy and Brexit in Ghent
Deflection 101
In 2040 medical researchers will trace an upsurge in stroke patients across England's eastern counties to this single comment.
What concerns me is that the whole raft of issues that caused many people to vote Leave haven't been addressed because the government have wasted 2.5 years on an impossible Brexit. In that sense, we're no further forward than we were prior to June 2016.
...also, the feeling that the damage has already been done. I live in an area that voted heavily to leave, and I dread the social repercussions of no Brexit as much as it going ahead now. It's not an excuse for apathy. I'm not apathetic - I am at a loss. Jen put it best: despair.
The disastrous #Brexit deal So major that cable #propaganda channels actually took time out from #Trump and #RussiaGate to report on it
THREAD about NATO; but put a parenthetical about Brexit in support of a withdrawal, and EVERYTHING Putin wants is EASIER.
Brexitiers don't get to say "Look we know you have got the GFA which brought about a fragile peace on the island of Ireland &amp; normalised life for people. Plus we know you have got 156 areas of Cross Border Cooperation..... But we have got this thing called Brexit" #StopBrexit
Now May accuses Corbyn of wanting to deliberately wreck the British economy, as if anyone could do more damage than she has with this incompetent #Brexit!
which BEAMA is a member of, is calling for an extension to Article 50 following the result of last night’s Brexit vote. A No-Deal #Brexit should not be an option.
I don’t know why ‘this country fought a world war’ is a good thing. Nobody wants hardship, mush less on that scale
your Tweet was quoted in an article by
The same benefits are possible just not to the same extent. How much say is also negotiable. Btw, thec6 tests are the claims the Tories made themselves before the Brexit process started. We simply held them to the account based on their promises not ours, which they have failed.
The latest The Wrexham FM Daily! Thanks to #travel #brexit
Hope with the Brexit fiasco you are staying alive
"Theresa May suffers enormous defeat over Brexit deal vote"
"We all “knew” that May was going to lose but actually seeing it was something else", writes
Forget about #PMQs and #Brexit, give yourself a break and read our latest edition or purchase on #kustomkulture #kustomart #pandkg #magazine
If all VONC's fail we could be in the odd position where the Tories are the only political party pushing for Brexit and Labour is pushing for a 2nd referendum to avoid a no deal Brexit. This could mean those Labour voters who want no deal (eg. lexit) returning to UKIP.
#liveline and now you mention that dirty word #Brexit.... in the ads :(
You couldn't make this up: even the Brexit shambles can be used constructively - as a diversion.
(Nicola Sturgeon calls for second Brexit referendum) -
Brexit: what comes next? The leader of the opposition, Jeremy Corbyn, has tabled what's known as a vote of no confidence in the government. This lets MPs decide on whether they want the government to continue.
Yet another Brexit Moron!
amen! Finally you are shifting away from plastic for fruits and vegetables! Never saw such a waste in continental Europe! Finally you start being a bit sensible... amen... #Brexit effect? Cheers
Tim, words matter. This is not the final deal. This is the Withdrawal Agreement. A nation sick of Brexit needs to know that we have at least 2 more years of this nonsense if and when we leave the EU.
LOL. This is hilarious. Turkeys voting for xmas. "Im from the Valleys" hahaha. What a twonk.
For fear of stating the obvious, our party manifesto clearly stated our intention to respect the result of the #Brexit vote. For avoidance of doubt, the manifesto, upon which you stood on &amp; were voted into Parliament, clearly said that meant leaving the CU &amp; SM. Yes or no?
The PM run rings around the Labour party today, she repeated the question we all want answers for, where does Corbyn stand on brexit? Did he really hand over our trust in his fighting to stay in the EU to brexiteers as support for the Tory brexit? There is a huge audience
Not my view. Remainers lent their vote Labour to weaken the Maybot in 2017, but many won’t again. cannot accept the fact that many and ever more people don’t want Brexit
Banking companies Alert of Impending nineteen thirties-Sort ‘Catastrophe’ As No-Offer Brexit Looms #btc #eth #xrp #ltc
As a Brit living in Melbourne (dual citizenship) I am watching &amp; reading everything associated with the unfolding of this farce. I am saddened that the words “train wreck” appear in my comprehension of everything associated with Brexit.
- the withdrawal agreement was rejected because Parliament is full of remainers, even though the people have instructed them to leave the crumbling EU. #Brexit #StandUp4Brexit #LeaveMeansLeave #NoDealNoProblem
So the Conservatives steal Brexit and you let them off the hook. I hate Labour and most of what they stand for but I'm willing to set Corbyn &amp; Co against them.
At last, some common sense.
He's telling a story the audience want to hear. Populism, I think it's called. #Brexit
Not a million miles away from the truth
REF; Your commons long winded speech.. resign.
Our (all) party political system (s) is outmoded. The solutions we need do not reside in the ideology of any one side. Being forced by uncertainty to talk and come to an agreement has got to be more dignified than what we have been witnessing on #Brexit. Your thoughts? #hope
Just once I'd like to see Russia left out Russia is not the USSR It's like bitching about Chihuahua thinking its a pit bull
PMQs verdict: Corbyn exposes May's empty offer of cross-party Brexit talks
Jeremy Corbyn calls Brexit defeat greatest in UK politics in a century.
I’m learning about Brexit in a class at school and I’m somewhat familiar with the topic, but not very much informed
To break the deadlock on Brexit, the Prime Minister needs to be willing to significantly change her current deal. To gather cross-party support and ownership of Brexit, she should countenance membership of the EFTA.
You can STFU now, Nigel
They all need to be sacked! Clear the slate and start again! And lower their pay cheques!! Bunch of corrupt assholes intent on destroying democracy. We need a revolution and I'd love to see everyone take to the streets! We voted for #brexit. End of. Vote done. #nodeal
No brexit? Or a No Deal brexit?
So 's idea of "cross party cooperation" is to ignore the leader of the Opposition? Are you thick? You must be, because only somebody FUCKING THICK would think this is a clever thing to do. At EVERY TURN you and your party fuck this up, May.
Of course that whopper Jake Berry votes in favour of it.
Prime Minister’s Brexit deal.
Hear hear!!!
Steve Hilton: Original intent of Brexit - restoring freedom and sovereignty - buried by inept bureaucrats | Fox News
Demand General Election #PMQs
your Tweet was quoted in an article by
Corbyn is already being lined up against a wall... and (shot by establishment MSM/RedTories) blamed for #Brexit while in opposition.. Can you imagine what will happen when these infiltrators really have something to work with? When its REALLY down to him? Blimey! Get rid now!
Brexit is a farting corpse...
The latest The Daily Universe! #upyourgame #brexit
People have their political aims and that’s fine. But do not twist the democratic decision of Labour Party Conference to mean something which it clearly doesn’t. The membership is on board with Jeremy Corbyn and his strategy to get the Tories out and negotiate a good Brexit deal
More time just means more people and things will get burned by the dumpster fire that is brexit.
"Take a second look, May urges MPs before Brexit vote" -
So I understand that the massive defeat of the Brexit bill or whatever is a big deal but you'd think British Parliament was literally burning down with just the tabling of a no confidence vote if you watch American news
A rare bit of good Brexit news for musicians... at least until 2020. UK govt pledges free movement for artists ahead of key Brexit vote
China Boosts Netflix as Investors Ignore Brexit Vote #Blockchain #Crypto #Cryptocurrency #Altcoin
OMG. Falling out of interest with twitter at the mo... ... it’s either Bins or Brexit* *mostly Bins actually
It wouldn't be #JustLikeLastTime, it would be 1000times worse under and his cronies. 'The problem with socialism is that you eventually run out of other people's money' - Margaret Thatcher #Brexit #PMQs
#Brexit #VoteLeaveBrokeTheLaw #voteofnoconfidence Over 60's Leave Voter "If we don't see this through, I will never vote again" Gosh, Do you PROMISE!!!!
With all this #Brexit chatter, why not enter our #Competition to win a Ropelet, see our pinned Tweet .#WinItWednesday
Brexit is estimated to wreck the economy by 8% - both Tories and Labour seem insistent on it
There’s only one person who can step in and make a joke out this #Brexit mess...Dave Johns Live at the Exchange. North Shields...18th May
#Brexit = All Brits are under a huge fan=the EU membership,blowing vertically up. #Brexteers produces nonsense which like smelling fecal matter floats over due to the generated pressure. #Brexit will be turning off the fan, so everything will fall,all Brits will be dirty&amp;smelly.
Manning the CNN Brexit live blog again today, keep up with the latest updates here:
David Cameron implied in a speech about the "serried rows of white headstones" that World War 3 would be upon us if Brexit occurred. The last time I checked the UK had not invaded Poland or any other country, and therefore we must conclude this was a lie.
It is telling that despite calling a disastrous general election ; the ridiculously poor negotiations on Brexit ; pulling a vote on the WA ; the eventual voting down of the WA ; being held in contempt of parliament, nobody wants Labour in power.
It’ll probably be Under Secretary of State for Counting Paperclips at the Department of Administrative Affairs. Hacker I think his name is.
A clear margin in a vote with enough facts would be nice to start with. After which a political fight can start to reverse that decision in some future, aka democracy. The trouble is, there is no Brexit that addresses the key issue of Remain, the key issue being no Brexit.
Maybe he could be allowed to sit inside his shed in the middle of the chamber
Do you think the so-called United Kingdom is working? It has demonstrably failed and continues to fail Scotland. Scotland hasn't voted Tory since the 1950s, yet we get Tory UK Govts. Scotland voted overwhelmingly against the farce that is Brexit but we could yet be dragged out
showing us the ropes behind the scenes this afternoon on . He’ll be having a chat to some of us later on about a student’s take on #brexit #pgdomediadifferently #radio #bbc #brexitdebate #ConfidenceVote #birmingham
And the story continues... #brexit
2. Many of the 600,000 people with epilepsy experience additional seizures (and potential Sudden Unexpected Death by Epilepsy) as a result of a change in medication brand. The UK Govt has not yet confirmed that we will receive the same meds post BREXIT. PTO
It’s been delightful discussing this with you, you’re an eloquent speaker for your cause. I truly hope you get to enjoy all the consequences of a WTO No Deal Brexit to the full.
China Boosts Netflix as Investors Ignore Brexit Vote | #Coin
Technology rally leads US stocks gains #Nasdaq #DollarIndex #FTSE #Brexit #Brent
Theresa May is better then David Cameron because she is actually attempting to get brexit through, Cameron set the horses racing, it is may that will or will not bring it across the line. #voteRemain
This is not Brexit.
Lost all sense of fun on Brexit? Read on, if only for the descriptions of Theresa May ('the Florence Foster Jenkins of politics'), Boris Johnson and Arlene Foster. Even I cracked my face. Yes.
how big should be the ballot paper of the second referendum to make sure all the #Brexit relevant points are covered?
#Brexit = All Brits are under a huge fan=the EU membership,blowing vertically up. #Brexteers produces nonsense which like smelling fecal matter floats over due to the generated pressure. #Brexit will be turning off the fan, so everything will fall,all Brits will be dirty&amp;smelly.
I didn’t actually say that there should be a second referendum. I’m on the fence about it. It would be a breach of trust, but is the best way to stop Brexit. Positives and negatives
This has got No Deal written all over it. Scotland wake up! #Brexit
It’s happening. #Indyref2 #YES
One implication: a disorderly Brexit could be very nasty for the Eurozone as well as Britain. With interest rates &lt;0 no ability to offset shock
Immigration was the number one reason to leave in every poll but one, sovereignty second so EFTA is a no no #Brexit
#brexit, during this interview a Dutch truck drives in the background :-)
Worth remembering, as May lists specific aspects of Leave "people voted for" in 2016, what the actual question on the ballot was. She has no idea what specific Brexit people voted for. Nobody does. Because this question is asinine. Hence *gestures at everything* #NoConfidence
Then it will be a no deal brexit, the EU has been prepared for one for months.
Here's what I would ask the PM in today's Confidence Debate. Which aspects of your rejected Brexit Deal are you prepared to move on in the next few days? If she or her Ministers can't name one, how can any MP (Labour, Tory, SNP or DUP) have confidence she can actually govern?
Add in revocation of the UN migrant pact and there’s a double landslide.
Hiding it under the Brexit debacle!
Hands down; , and . Statesmen and Stateswomen who care about the country.
'Hurry up!': How Europe reacted to Theresa May's crushing Brexit defeat
Second Brexit referendum looks more likely than ever
Say it. #BrexitVote
THERESA MAY HAS JUST STATED IN PARLIAMENT THAT JEWISH PEOPLE WILL HAVE TO FLEE FROM UK IF JEREMY CORBYN BECOMES PRIME MINISTER BECAUSE HE WILL PERSECUTE THEM. I AM AFRAID, NOT SO MUCH OF CORBYN BUT OF MAY BEING ALLOWED TO SAY THIS TO TRY AND GET BREXIT XENOPHOB VOTE
Just to take your minds off #brexit for a while... we've got a sale on Tuesday. But the catalogue isn't quite ready yet... so you may as well keep talking about brexit until we get the catalogue ready.
If Brexit wins again, then we leave, straight forward, no dead, we leave, no deal just straight out.
Isn't it a belter that nobody in government gives a tupenny fuck about the DUP and all think they're a bit of a joke, yet it's the DUP cunts that are the ones who'll save her skin. She's a joke and so are they. #DUP #Brexit #PMQs
Steve Hilton: Original intent of Brexit - restoring freedom and sovereignty - buried by inept bureaucrats
Brexit truly represents the people. Not Indy. For a unified UK, out of the EU.
Omg. Just saw a discn ont this exact topic on CNN USA. Abt how ppl are misled towards a certain objective and they dont realize the impact of what they’ve done til its too late. Like US electing Trump &amp; Brexit in UK. All influenced by socmed. All benefiting Putin. coincidence?
Proposal: CK2 mod based on Britannia: the Winter King set in post-Brexit Britain as we revert to postapocalyptic feudal realms.
Theresa May 2017: 'If we don't get the Brexit deal right, your economic security &amp; prosperity will be put at risk &amp; the opportunities you seek for your family will not happen' Theresa May 2019: Brexit deal defeated by 230 votes, the largest defeat in parliamentary history #PMQs
Having another vote isn't undemocratic, in fact, it's the definition of democratic. If another vote is undemocratic, then the one that triggered Brexit also was, as we already voted to join the EU in 1975, and according to that attitude, people aren't allowed to change their mind
Make sense of the UK energy position and Brexit with
You said Peter Foster posed no threat in that regard that you were aware of. Ergo I assume you mean Brexit is no such threat do feel free to clarify though on this and the dismissals
Sponsored tweets for geeks who tweet about Brexit.
Hypocrisy and arrogance in abundance. She didn’t have an issue calling an election in the midst of Brexit negotiations last time.
Steve Hilton: Original intent of Brexit - restoring freedom and sovereignty - buried by inept bureaucrats #FoxNews
Well reasoned arguments by on 'no deal' Brexit
Just stop.I said one word deflection!! Which was to do with Brexit over here!!!! Your lack of brain cells is outstanding.
General Election. Because a no-deal Brexit doesn't bear thinking about and a second referendum won't happen with THIS government.
Looking at a handful of options as to what happens next after the #Brexit Vote defeat for the Prime Minister, and how the property industry may react to each.
Yes they are - on Brexit that is. Same unicorn, same anti immigrant &amp; end of free movement, same red lines
But , it’s daft that we don’t have a plan for no-deal Brexit. There are grand idas but nothing solid . Who is responsible for that?
Go on - stop your bias
Talking twaddle again I see. You will lose the election with Magic Grandad. Don't also enable a Tory no deal brexit.
In which case what we are experiencing at the moment is Brexit spaghettification
Sorry, can't resist Brexit tweet: All those who want them to 'just to get on with it' take note - this is what getting on with 'it' looks like, because 'it' is a bag of shite.
Do you accept the result of the 1st referendum? Yes or No can be the only question
Projection in politics 101
Why can't the leaders in UK give people another chance to vote on #Brexit? Would be much simpler, no?
I recorded my thoughts about the voting disaster on PM's #Brexit plans yesterday...and how the UK could possibly move forward from this: #BrexitVote #BrexitMeansBrexit #Remainers #WTOBrexit #BrexitDealVoteDay
Huge number of animals for sale at Raglan Livestock Centre today - more to do with high price of fodder rather than Brexit - though if we crash out prices will I am sure fall!
Here’s the motion. The #PeoplesVote will definitely be "remaining on the table" as far as I can see at the moment. There’d have to be Lab/Tory backbench rebellion and a few resignations from both frontbenches for it to come off it.
Corbyn won’t help so there will be no majority for anything on #brexit
Yellow belly
Some interesting discussions today at the event. Including some thoughts around #Brexit .
Putting the 'exit' back at the forefront of 'Brexit': a marketplace principle of expressing dissatisfaction through departure ('exit, and when that doesn’t work, exit again) overtaking the political principle of 'voice' .
The Taoiseach says the onus is on Westminster to come up with a Brexit solution that works. Leo Varadkar also says his government is putting in place plans to ensure the Republic of Ireland is fully prepared should the UK leave the EU without a deal. Here's what he's had to say.
Think you car is a write-off &amp; needs to go to someone who brexit.
1) #Brexit isn't in the national interest 2) May's plan was rejected in the biggest Government defeat ever 3) She has no #PlanB You'd think the Comms professionals at would have the sense to just shut up for a few days.
Trump will be gone in, at most, 6 years. Brexit will dominate the UK’s political landscape for at least the next couple of decades (likely of economic decline)
Brexit - Bad for Business, Bad for Britain,
The problem is NOT JUST the PM, but also a largely-Remain Parliament. It can only be remedied by a Gen Election. We should NOT be revoking Art 50, or having a Loser's vote, it should be a GE. Give us a chance to rid ourselves of some Remainers, and try to redress the imbalance!
Brexit, tbh. #ThingsThatAreBadForYourHealth
We have had a Post-Brexit election, which you lost. Constantly having elections in the a.50 time period won't help move negotiations on. Likewise, a party that does not know it's hand from its elbow on Brexit won't be able to negotiate anything better. #getonwithit
The artist walked by...#bolloxtobrexit #brexit #teresamay #parliament @ Palace of Westminster
And your avoiding my basic point re a Labour or Tory government. What kind of individual would passively enable another Tory govt? A UK government can ameliorate some of the short term effects of Brexit, end austerity anyway and plan and develop for longer term growth.
I liked a video Brexit vote chaos: behind the scenes with three MPs
So apparently the only way forward is a customs union, even though that's been soundly rejected by the referendum and the general election? Literally makes no sense #pmqs #article50 #Brexit
Brits in EU demand to be spared from Brexit 'train crash' after May's deal rejected via
I want to say that this is unduly pessimistic and that people are realising that a) their "protest" vote was a dumb idea, b) it was mainly unachievable lies on the Leave side, or c) it's more complicated than they though, and that a competent stand by Remain would swing it…
The best bit is at the end - £39bn we don’t have to give the rotten failing EU just to prop it up a little longer
Nice Mr CorBean
Chance of UK government being dissolved just before Brexit. Stranger things have happened...
Theresa May faces immediate no-confidence vote from Labour after MPs hand her humiliating Brexit ... via Yet another Progressive Liberal being bounced by the people she failed to serve properly. Take heed Democrats your turn is coming in 2020.
Tories just want people to die.
‘NO RENEGOTIATION’ Merkel smashes Brexit hopes and says Article 50 extension is ‘FICTION’
A humiliating Brexit defeat, but May will likely stagger on
No, let them choose between hard brexit or no brexit, because soft brexit has already failed in parliament, and there won't be a better deal in the future.
It's an amazing clip!
Recognise that #Brexit and #Trump are one and the same phenomenon. Here are some articles to inform. Born out of militarized voter targeting and profiling. Used to increase hatred of migrants during democratic election campaigns and the EU referendum.
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
Um...the UK is being trolled about our politics by Americans. That's how fucked we are. #Brexit
Too many lab mps acting like Brexit either isnt happening or is just a minor blip - Brexit is inextricably linked to poverty
So should stand for revoking A50 and stopping Brexit, so we can get on with fixing them.
Corbyn the Mr Micawber of the
In London, again? Im shocked.
Is there any reason to think this position will change if there is a second or third confidence vote before the No Deal crash out which the ERG and the DUP want anyway?
Doesn’t matter who takes over. After all the in fighting and slime ball traitor MPs who are trying to reverse Brexit because they will not except the result of the referendum, I will not vote for them again.
The twin Anglo-American blunders of voting for Brexit and Trump now in full flower. So much for the political-science article of faith that the U.K. and U.S. are pillars of stability.
Brexit is a national embarrassment and will undoubtedly make life very tough for our customers in 2019 - Here's how is at least helping our business customers get ready.
Who's excited about this vote of no confidence then?! Who's excited for brexit reversal??!! Who's just excited??!!
Listening to William Hague talk about Brexit. I disagree with him about pretty much everything. But at least he's eloquent and pragmatic.
Let’s talk: humbled May reaches out to opposition after Brexit deal drubbing
"If you're going to lie, the bigger the better." Goebbels. It's a COMPLETE LIE that the UK negotiating it's own trade deals wasn't a major part of Brexit. Such mendacity&gt;&gt;
We Only Want a Clean Brexit as Voted For. Leaving The EU &amp; Customs Union. We did not vote for any soft deal at all. Nether does anyone want a second referendum full stop. Get Real and Get Us Out of Europe and stop the EU dictating to the UK once and for all. Full Brexit Now.
An intriguing prospect! Could it fly? #MayMustResign #DrainTheSwamp
#BREAKING #Brexit vote defeat brings: 1. general #Elections 2. 2nd #Referendum 3. No-deal #Brexit 4. Stay in the #EU #UK #EC #Irland #Scotland #DailyNews #ECB
I’m confused about a #PeoplesVote supposedly destroying democracy in this country We have a fixed term parliaments act that allows the country to ‘decide again’ every 5 years on who runs the country So why is giving us the chance to ‘decide again’ on #Brexit so bad? #bbcnews
But of course, none of this is ideal. Lab-Lib coalition? Corb eventually bursts a blood vessel with all his shrill, aggressive screaming? + get into the pleasing political version of a lavender Remain marriage? I want this racist Brexit nightmare over.
Pound Settles after Brexit Vote Defeat; Dollar Edges Lower
The anti brexit vote is coming from the urban areas while the pro brexit vote is coming from the rural areas. Think of it this way in American terms. The brexit vote looked like a 2018 map of the house, while the general looked like a 2006 map of the house in the U.S.
A humiliating Brexit defeat, but May will likely stagger on
If May stays at No 10, I’m starting Project Hope, the positive case for remain | Sadiq Khan
BREXIT MEANS BREXIT
What happens now Theresa May's Brexit deal has been defeated?
Does brexit mean brexit?
For our Anglophiles: After Defeat on Brexit Plan, Theresa May Faces No-Confidence Vote, via
It's 6:10am and I just woke up....WTF Maga troll don't know you lost UK Brexit yesterday?
These Are the Stocks to Watch After U.K. Government's Crushing Brexit Loss
My MP Nigel Huddleston so blatantly putting career before country with his pre-planted statement. Disgraceful. #Brexit
#brexit please no delay. kick UK out. with a high fence around it. including N ireland
Germany learned something from WW2, didn't it. Britain thinks it won it. #Brexit #PeoplesVote
via 10 Brilliant things that have happened since Brexit Vote
Bloomberg TV retweeted: LATEST: The U.K. stands at its most dangerous crossroads in decades after Parliament emphatically rejected Theresa May's Brexit deal, and will vote later on whether to oust her government ..
Agreed
Jeremy Corbyn is a pretend remainer, his EU voting record proves this. If there is a G.E. Labour`s manifesto states they will campaign to leave the EU. Party before country. #MotionOfNoConfidence #NoConfidence #NoConfidenceDebate #HouseofCommons #Brexit
If Corbyn loses, Tories would probably have a low majority and hold the can for Brexit, while we get the chance for a real opposition. Both results would be disastrous, but this is what our vapid leaders are dragging us towards.
Brexit vote: Why the landslide defeat of Theresa May's deal matters to the U.S. -
No she does not. She needs to fulfill the will of the British majority that voted leave. When you pull of a Plaster you yank it off .You don't pull at it slowly prolonging the pain.We need to get Brexit done and move on.
That’s easy. Gove is the adult trying to make the best of a difficult job, compromise included. Boris is an adolescent egotist, advocate of fantasy cake-and-eat-it Brexit, screwing us all as well as a nice young woman half his age.
Labour need to get Richard Burgon away from live TV, he comes across awfully day in, day out
No deal + general election = unprecedented chaos seen on such a large scale in this day and age in the west. I regret brexit but let's get this over with now. I've had enough. #BrexitVote
Asian shares on defensive, sterling braces for Brexit vote
FYI: Worst case senairo, the no confidence vote fails and May calls for a second referendum. Brussels will not budge an inch, so look for kaos to reign. A WTO rules brexit in march, is the best deal for the British people.
Any answer would invalidate brexit. That is the entire strategy that's been pursued thoughout. And the government have played along with that...
When you ignore people's genuine grievances and concerns, calling them everything from wrong to fear mongering to outright dismissing them, you get #Brexit. The majority of those who voted voted in favor of Brexit. It's the government's job to fullfil that vote.
A historic loss in the House of Commons yesterday, that seems like a record - but not sure if I'd be proud of it. (Fact check she is meaning since 2010 not just Brexit)
Brexit #ThingsThatAreBadForYourHealth
Spanish PM in speech on the Future of Europe in the European Parliament says that “with Brexit nobody wins, we all lose” &amp; withdrawal agreement is the “best possible”. NOT what he was saying in November. Note difference: “With Brexit we all lose, but on Gibraltar, Spain wins”
Hear, hear!
UK's May faces no-confidence vote after Brexit plan crushed
There is evidence that suggests the result of the referendum may have been compromised by illegal cheating. Until the outcome of investigations is known, there is enough uncertainty about the reliability of the result to justify pausing the Brexit process.
Worse defeat in history going into the history books for all the wrong reasons #Brexit #BrexitChaos #BrexitShambles
Watching this live. Incredibly divisive...#Brexit
Take no deal off the table | Friends of the Earth #brexit #NoDealBrexit #petition
They should have never allow to let basically ignorant people vote on such a complex matter as brexit in the first place.
I'd vote for Mr Flibble if there's a general election soon. He certainly wouldn't have done any worse over Brexit.
#British politics goes over a cliff, #Russian Instigated #Brexit Winning
The seemingly only way to sort the Brexit mess is to remove May from the equation. And the only way to do that appears to be a full all out general strike.
BBC News - Brexit and no-confidence vote: Corbyn targets 'zombie government'
rahh even John Bercow is looking extra frazzled today trying to calm down the no-confidence debate... Brexit is not a respecter of persons truly truly
Fed up with hearing about #TheresaMay, #brexit etc and #lufc, #SpygateLeeds, #crying Frank Lampard so off to see this aft followed by a fish &amp; chip tea
That's a Wrap via #CautiousInvestor On 10th anniversary of #Miracle Landing by Sully - even over #BREXIT news $DJIA 24,065.59 155.75 0.65% $SPX 2,610.30 27.69 1.07% $NDX 7,023.83 117.92 1.71% #Gold 1,288.90 -2.40 -0.19% #Oil 52.11 1.60 3.17% Update
if a no deal Brexit situation becomes the new reality in Europe, a key issue is the rights of the EU citizens living in the UK and the UK citizens living in the EU. A no deal situation will leave them rightless....
What will that actually achieve with regards to Brexit?
It astonishes me how few MPs have the vaguest clue how the #EU works or its aims &amp; judging by the debates against Parliament's best endeavours they now have no option but WTO Terms Deal. Alternativel a #Peoples_Vote choice being Leave on Parliament's defeated terms OR WTO Terms.
It's going well, isn't it?
reminds me of Josh's secret plan to fight inflation
Brexit meets cricket... gold!
On the decline of the English Speaking Peoples.
That's sad! Hope there's enough MPs to see the wood for the trees now that the Meaningful Vote is history.
Dollar #gold unmoved by latest episode of #Brexit 'soap opera' as #Fed and #ECB set to keep rates unchanged 'at least' until 2020
If someone would have told me, I wouldn't believe, what happened with #Brexit. A whole Nation betrayed by Nationalists and sold out by their political representatives. Confidence cannot be restored for decades, neither internally nor outside. Except into humor, thx
Could you imagine it, another #Labour government, now do you want it, then get the deal done, give us #Brexit ASAP
Yeah. That'll do it. She doesn't listen to her own MPs, the opposition, the CBI, the unions, small businesses, the City or the Bank of England, but if you can knock up an avant garde hat then you've got her ear.
To Be Honest it’s plain and Simple. regarding all we know, #PeopleVote should have a say with 3 options: No deal, No Brexit, May’s Deal. I Think it’s fair...
Bon les copains UK, moi qui vous aime vraiment so much « Should I Stay or Should I Go? » #Brexit
General Election is on the way, powerless PM warned by allies
Behind the scenes this afternoon on . He’ll be having a chat to some of us later on about a student’s take on #brexit #pgdomediadifferently #radio #bbc #brexitdebate #ConfidenceVote #birmingham
'A hard Brexit is what the people voted for'
All the experts said the economy would implode the day after brexit All the experts said we should join the Euro
True. #abitofhumilitywouldntgoamiss in the current climate
The level of discussion in my gym changing room about Brexit and politics is abysmal. Mostly working class and retired gents but not one would back Corbyn. Ominous.
So after today, here's where we stand. 1) May's Deal- dead 2) No Confidence in government- dead 3) No GE then So where does that leave us? A People's Vote? Would the Tories call one? 29/03 is nearly 2 months away, &amp; the only certainty is No-Deal Brexit.
People in Macclesfield are less than impressed with pretty much everything though though tbh..
“again”
i mean im fine with everything as long as bts acknowledged uk’s existence yeet
Pretty bad, the actual government is shit, just a bunch of idiots honestly. People my age are going abroad to find job opportunities, especially in London but with the brexit we don’t know anymore. Personally I hope I’ll be able to move to switzerland one day.
The pound rose after the vote last night. That means that the financial markets think we are one step further from Brexit and one step closer to Remain. That should give us all some comfort. But there is still so much to do and I know how awful this is for my EU27 friends.
There we disagree. I think a country should be run with compassion. Political asylum &amp; the refugee status of North African migrants are an issue for the whole EU. #brexit won't stop illegal immigration.
British banks survive PM's Brexit vote defeat despite share price losses
The leaders of the Liberal Democrats and Green Party: Anti-Brexit electoral pact between Liberal De... via
#ThingsThatAreBadForYourHealth #Brexit #Trump #Putin Being told to #getoverit Lack of a #Saltire on my #Passport #MyalgicEncephalomyelitis and #fibromialgia and no one #understands ! #facebook #FakeFriends Boy I could be here all day!
Yep, he nailed it.
Me too. I fear the political elite are determined to stop Brexit at any cost. I now favour leaving with no deal - and feel it would be much easier to negotiate on this basis. If they do find a way to stop Brexit - huge social unrest and riots lie ahead.
Hard #Brexit is best #Brexit
Politics: Local MP calls for People's Vote after MPs reject Theresa May's Brexit deal
Ryan Tubridy's whining and bad comedy Brexit monologue was why I turned off the radio at 9.10am this morning. I certainly didn't want to hear it again as a "promo"
Lmao you think they'll stop brexit now? Haha. Get over it, remoaner.
As a Remainer who thinks there's a real risk we could lose a 2nd referendum, this is still bunk (no guarantee the people who voted were even in Sunderland). YouGov's superpoll showed about 30-31% support for no deal in Sunderland rising to 53-55% in a straight choice vs Remain.
PMQs verdict: Corbyn exposes May's empty offer of cross-party Brexit talks
Boris Johnson - ‘not so much a statesman as an Oxfam donation bag torn open by a fox’ Marina Hyde in top form on that #Brexit vote.
If true, a complete and shambolic dereliction of responsibility. Labour leadership doesn't care about about party membership's views or country's prospects. Time to #BinCorbyn #Labour #Brexit
It's what is right for the country It is time for may to step aside she failed to get a good deal through she's derlude if Corbyn gets in Brexit still needs to happen we need someone that will stand up to these idiots in Brussels not give us a poor half deal or worst a no deal
Theresa May gave a speech asking MPs to back her Brexit deal in a factory awarded £429,000 by the EU
Dittatrice
#Brexit = All Brits are under a huge fan=the EU membership,blowing vertically up. #Brexteers produces nonsense which like smelling fecal matter floats over due to the generated pressure. #Brexit will be turning off the fan, so everything will fall,all Brits will be dirty&amp;smelly.
Brexit knocks stuffing out of Build-a-Bear
When your pay cheques in the immediate future are at risk, and you fear you may be classified as a third-country citizen overnight, removing the option to find work remotely connected to your skills where you live, then yes, worrying about Brexit supersedes most other issues.
I had just finished listening to the minisode where you discuss brexit when news of the no confidence vote broke.
Bc he wants Crash-out Brexit instead of hard? It's difficult to see the small difference instead of the big overlap.
Whatever happened to no deal is better than a bad deal #Brexit
When are eu funded #bbcr4 #TheBattlesThatWonOurFreedoms going to do a show on the battle to free Britain from the #EU? #brexit #ManagedNoDeal #BrexitDeal #BrexitVote #r4today #worldtonight #worldatone #newssummary #ThinkingAllowed
France preparing for a WTO exit. Let's get on with it.
Much has been written about the #Brexit fiasco. I found this piece by on the legacy that brought us to the current state of affairs particularly insightful.
No we desperately have to stop brexit because stopping brexit will be the first step towards alleviating those problems. Brexit will make all those problems worse, all of them. So we should stop brexit, now, dead. As in ... Stop Brexit. Did I mention? Sorry, Stop Brexit. #FBPE
The result can't be implemented, without tremendous damage to the nation. If it is impossible to deliver on the result as promised, then #Brexit should be stopped.
How dare Jon Snow attack while one of the people who inflicted pain and suffering on millions of people is standing in front of him. Would he have done the same if it were a male Lib Dem stood there? Sexist pollock.
May, like Cameron, is concerned more for than UK. She must be prepared to relax her red lines. If not Parliament MUST take over. #Brexit
No support is needed for actual brexit since you lot have already voted to ok it.
Brought it you by Steve Bannon and Cambridge Analytica. “Nigel Farage threatens a ‘people’s army,’ claiming dangerously that ‘parliament is against the people.’ Boris Johnson stirs conspiracy paranoia by warning the ‘deep state’ is blocking Brexit.” Sound familiar?
Suggest he turn his attention to negotiating between EU and UK on Brexit and show that his negotiation skills are not just bravado.
So if a second referendum gets the go ahead what happens if people vote for Brexit again? Do we just keep having referendums until the remain side win? What happens if remain wins a second referendum? It’s then 1-1. Do we have a 3rd referendum #BrexitPROBLEMS #brexit
I don’t think so. It is about a captive pool of workers...when they have total control of workers they can drive down wages and standards ... the main purpose of Brexit
Only a General election can extend Article 50!! And here is why... #Brexit #BrexitShambles #GeneralElectionNow #Article50
The thing that gets me about this whole #Brexit thing, and correct me if I’m wrong, is that the whole leave campaign broke the law correct?! So their whole campaign which would have swayed millions was based on lies and complete bullshit?
May’s Brexit Deal Failed. What Happens Now? via
Despite Anna Soubry's claim to the contrary on a recent Question Time appearance,Remainers did suggest there would be an immediate Brexit recession. No recession to date, in fact the OECD now believes the UK economy will grow 1.8% this year, up 0.1% on its pre-referendum estimate
Technical study w/SP500 major H/S market top formation, of course macro-political data will shape trajectory lower. Corporate debt, China trade, Brexit, global macro etc... Have a plan!
form the outside the Brexit seems like a very deal for you guys. You dont think tradingpartners are gonna be nice about it.
Great answer
. #NewPower This link has Jan 16 CEO Daily of next to last tweet, where the “only positive solution is” global.
IMO being a Marxist is not a problem, but of course anti-Semitism disqualifies. No-deal will be a disaster for both sides. So many things went wrong. The impact of no-deal Brexit on Europe will be devastating.
You can’t have three choices on the same sheet. Brexiteers could reasonably claim it’s unfair and you might not get 50% for any. The answer is two separate either/or questions. One is: brexit or stay. The other is: if Brexit, which type.
I would've cut the footage to just show him running off to be honest. That's how we remember him, so why not?
I voted labour tactically. I want the tories out. I want Brexit stopped.
Is it true the BBC are moving to Brussels after Brexit? Brussels broadcasting corporation
Most Brexit thread I've ever read
Indeed he does. Respect.
Different reasons. She wants hard brexit
Go behind the scenes with three MPs caught up in Brexit vote chaos – video
Labour plan is no Brexit you fucking wank stain, of course, we want them in because there's nothing worse than 48% of us being dragged from the EU against our will.
Thanks so much I'm sick and tired of hearing "but the people's vote must be respected!" Brexit was forced on us and nobody involved in that campaign respected the people
What a horrible horrible woman
#PMQs I have lost track of how many times has said she will be talking to members of all parties. I haven't once heard her say she'll be listening to them replying. #Brexit #Brexitvote
Steve Hilton: Original intent of Brexit - restoring freedom and sovereignty - buried by inept bureaucrats Piss on the beaucrats they work for the people &amp; people voted to leave the now socialist/communist EU
80% of parties stood on brexit. See its easy to make up figures.
The challenge for MPs is this: are they capable of breaking free of the adversarial and attritional nature of party politics and thinking diffferently/cross-party I’m pursuit of a #Brexit solution? The future of the country rests on it.
they'll vote for hard brexit man. we can do that without a referendum
I will say Corbyns blind spot regarding chemical weapons scares me as much as Brexit scares me.
Industry calls for certainty after Brexit deal rejection #News #Fashion
No deal must remain; another ‘people’s’ vote that, we know in reality is a second stab at a win for those who failed to get their own way the first time round, cannot be an option.
Theresa May's Brexit deal has been defeated. Now, to stop a No Deal Brexit, we need more time. I’ve signed the emergency petition calling for Article 50 to be extended or withdrawn. You can sign it, and sign up to hear more from , here:
'I don't trust the government to look after me or my dog': meet the Brexit stockpilers
Obviously because not having any clear #Brexit policy knows he's on dodgy ground #pmqs PS never 'squirms'!
Hes scared to death of a no-deal brexit, but its the only way to leave this EU rabble.
Yeah... What a year to be alive!
BBC News - Brexit: What happens now?
British politics goes over a cliff
TURMOIL IN BRITAIN: British Prime Minister Theresa May faces a no-confidence vote after a resounding defeat of her proposed Brexit deal with the EU. Britain is supposed to leave the EU in 72 days, but exiting...
Search on for Brexit consensus after May's crushing defeat
The Bank of England is one of the most powerful institutions on earth. My piece on its 325-year history, from the Glorious Revolution to Brexit, in the :
Penguins and Brexit,
New referendum vote on Brexit!
Warnock wants a HARD BREXIT
You've not gone anywhere in particular, you're just gone. You're beyond. You have transcended reality and are now one with the glorious Brexit realm where everything is possible and Britannia still rules the waves.
Dominic Grieve tables two Bills in the House of Commons to pave the way for a fresh referendum on PM May’s #Article50 negotiated #BrWRECKSit agreement. #StopBrexitSaveBritain
Possibly the most hateful man in the country and that’s with #owenjones being on TV every 5 minutes!! #Brexit #UKIP
Are you prepared to give up your job for #brexit Charles? You are already 20% poorer because of #Brexit
Parliament is deadlocked. Brexit is in chaos. The people must now be given the chance to fix this mess. That's what's . Sign the petition at #LetUsDecide
British expats buy cheaper pints as Brexit chaos threatens Spanish idyll: -
Hallelujah? Brexit is a good distraction from Tottenhams problems right now Gary
Second panel session of the day at The Future of Immigration Post-Brexit: Developing New Legislation and Promoting Successful Integration chaired by and organised by
U.S. Futures are Higher as Earnings Help Lift Stocks #Earnings #Banks #Brexit.
As Brexit deal goes down in flames, an exasperated Europe wonders what Britons want. via
Search on for Brexit consensus after May’s crushing e/us-britain-eu/search-on-for-brexit-consensus-after-mays-crushing-defeat-idUSKCN1PA0LR
Spot on. Whole point, and dividend of EU membership is the co-operative myriad ventures that facilitate research, thinking, knowledge and security. I have no time or respect for ppl who support a no-deal brexit. All it shows is that they're culturally neaderthal.
Brexit arrogance personified! brexitsplaining the backstop... to a former No 10 adviser from... fucking Northern Ireland. Where do these people get their chutzpah?
Churchill's grandson on #Brexit SAD.
Contender for “best Brexit tweet”?
Bad weather, Brexit, broken morale... yep, back in Blighty! #sadface
A cage of red lines is a pretty apt phrase. #Brexit
New York Times weighs in on Britain's stalemate on how to leave the European Union. "Hold a Second Brexit Referendum" / NYTimes (editorial)
r u mental ??? am havana fuckin ball
Putin didn’t even have to use his AK. He would say it was a good day.
UK pound rebounds after May's Brexit plan defeated in Commons from The Financial Times via
We Only Want a Clean Brexit as Voted For. Leaving The EU &amp; Customs Union. We did not vote for any soft deal at all. Nether does anyone want a second referendum full stop. Get Real and Get Us Out of Europe and stop the EU dictating to the UK once and for all. Full Brexit Now.
Have you not heard German MPs want to come to UK to discuss Brexit, bypassing Brussels, as they are terrified about the trade they will,lose through No Deal. Seems we know the news before you lot catch up! Are you fit for purpose any longer?
You are the Government. You can't sort Brexit. You created the hostile environment, cut police numbers, starved education and health of proper funding, treated vulnerable people with contempt, in fact messed up everything …...
Fuck off you gammon go shag a pig
British expats buy cheaper pints as Brexit chaos threatens Spanish idyll
Benched by Brexit, Britain seems unable to think of much else — and the political brawl is far from over
Maybe I'm becoming a moderate in my old age but they'd have a point: Norway is moderately worse version of EU membership. 'Formally' is the operative word. But regardless it's worth wargaming a 2nd ref around Remain/Soft/Hard Brexit. I'd guess Remain/Soft would be well ahead.
They WANT a hard brexit though as it will forward along a united ireland. They WANT Britain in the shit.
This dickhead fucked everything up and then ran... and took all money he fleeced and is chilling.... #dickheadDavidCameron
Plankheads
A #PM in #UK #politics is "primus inter parens", or 'first among equals'. Theresa May seems to believe she was appointed by God. There has to be #Brexit dark money behind her as she sure as hell ain't on the side of the country. #NoConfidenceVote #pmqs #ToriesOut #PeoplesVote
British PM faces confidence vote after Brexit humiliation
Brexit is as undefined as Nigeria's clamour for restructuring. No targets, definitions and expectations. Just noise.
Go fuck yourself
British PM faces confidence vote after Brexit humiliation
With her red lines (which she has constructed herself, and are not known to be the ‘will of the people’), she has painted herself into a corner as if it’s the fault of the room. She will see the UK default to No Deal Brexit unless she drops her red lines. She’d better change.
Despicable little man, time for to deselect him, Grieve + few more. None of them respect democracy
What's wrong with good British letter boxes? This is more EU meddling! Come Brexit, England will have subterranean letter boxes and the postal workers will relish the pain knowing they are in a free Britain!
Roger, with respect, not only did the referendum of 2 years ago not put the current Brexit proposal to the Electorate, Parliament (the people we elect to decide detail for us) specifically decided to pass legislation which deliberately limited the effect of that referndum by law
She’s not the worst ever. Handed a tough gig because Cameron didn’t have the balls to deliver Brexit. Quitter. Tony Blair did far more damage, and for me is by far the worst we’ve had.
Only a General election can extend Article 50!! And here is why... #Brexit #BrexitShambles #GeneralElectionNow #Article50
David Cameron is a CUNT #RevokeA50 David cameron says he does not regret calling Brexit referendum
Sums it up puur-fectly.
It’s now famous for its infamity, it’s unique in all Christianity: the government’s seat in Downing Street, also known as Costa Calamity. On the utter shambles the British parliament and cabinet are creating over #Brexit.
Once May is gone as PM her political career is over; and her ability to complete her mission (set by the EU) to destroy Brexit will come to an end!
I believe in the markets completely so I've had a quick look at for a few good money making bets this year.. Bookies and casinos are never wrong (unless you are owned by ) 1/x
After parliament’s rejection of the PM’s deal, what next for Brexit?
Crackpots one &amp; all
BREXIT LEAVE MEANS LEAVE Hi Vis safety Vest via
Goldman Sachs says 'No Deal' Brexit Risks Fade Further in Wake of Vote #brexit #uk
Well now they’ll have to be signed during an extension of Article 50 period. When it is abundantly clear they should have been set up ready to be signed (within the 2 years we’ve had) had a WTO Brexit ultimately prevailed.
"Spread division" Says May. Really? Your party gave us fucking Brexit, you moron.
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
This started as a bluff but he now actually believes it. What he doesn’t realise is that the EU27 are fine with giving him his No Deal Brexit, good &amp; hard.
I liked a video Brexit 2: May &amp; Trump vs Truth, with Stephen Fry
Posted...
Actually agree with you, if she doesn’t go and replaced by a brexit pm ,the tories are finished and we as a nation are fucked!
Steve Hilton: Original intent of Brexit - restoring freedom and sovereignty - buried by inept bureaucrats #FoxNews
the Tories behavior has been absolutely crazy. everyone who campaigned for brexit then jumped ship and May, as you said, is taking the fall.
Nigel Farage: A British Bulldog aproach to Brexit A British Bulldog stand up tobthe EU Dictators - Sign the Petition! via
Lloyds share price outperforms after Brexit deal defeat #lloydsshareprice #lloydsnews #BrexitVote
UK MPs crush EU divorce deal: LONDON: British lawmakers defeated Prime Minister Theresa May’s Brexit divorce deal by a crushing margin yesterday, triggering political chaos that could lead to a disorderly exit from the EU or even…
Luxembourg reacts to May's historic Brexit vote defeat
But his expensive wife takes priority over tax payers! Go figure... Oh, and my aunt and uncle are now mon tante et oncle thanks to this Brexit bullshit.
Our (all) party political system (s) is outmoded. The solutions we need do not reside in the ideology of any one side. Being forced by uncertainty to talk and come to an agreement has got to be more dignified than what we have been witnessing on #Brexit. Your #wednesdaythoughts?
Why aren't you pointing out that 20 minutes earlier May said that the British people voted for Brexit for a variety of reasons. Thereby, highlighting the selective use of words by our "so called" Prime Minister. Also, she is the living embodiment of mendacity.
Indeed
#voteofnoconfidence nothing like scare mongering from our lets stick to facts -you did not ask the other parties to support getting the best deal for #Brexit &amp; now that your job is on the line you are trying to deflect from the real issues &amp; policies you created
This is how politics should be done!
Powys Lib Dems urge County Council to make plans for a possible 'worst case scenario' following heavy defeat for government Brexit deal in Commons vote
The government’s Brexit deal seen in the wild #nolegtostandon
Absolutely. A few hundred MPs playing politics for their own benefits rather than carrying out the will of the people, for which they are paid. Why they ever required a “deal” is the mistake. We should have planned a complete exit two years ago.
Scrap the licence fee
finding a #Brexit deal is like getting a secure password: it's supposed to be easy but there is always a number or special character missing (there is nothing special about Theresa May's character) Let's support #PeoplesVote
Quelle surprise *EU DIPLOMAT: REPORTS DUTCH WANT BREXIT CONCESSIONS ARE WRONG
Want to read the whole of yesterday's debate on Brexit? Find it in Hansard:
Really!?! Last time I looked, Survivor: Afghanistan was in its 19th season with no end in sight.
SNP should (still) offer to back May’s British Brexit in return for Westminster’s permission to hold second Scottish Independence Referendum
I've gone full circle and am starting to be impressed by UK politicians ability to constantly throw spoilt child tantrums if the world doesn't match their sense of #Brexit entitlement. Tactic: be such a d*ck that people will capitulate just to get away from you
#Brexit Uncertainty to Continue for at Least Another Two Months -- A Statement from The Conference Board:
British expats buy cheaper pints as Brexit chaos threatens Spanish idyll - Reuters
Can we just stop dicking around and revoke A50 immediately? It's the only way to end the chaos. Even if you want to leave this can't go on. Can always return to #Brexit later - assuming anyone can create a coherent, viable plan for us to vote on.
#Grenfell - #TheresaMay refused to listen. #Universalcredit - TheresaMay refused to listen. General Election 2017 - Theresa may refused to listen. #Brexit - Theresa May refused to listen. She has a history of non-engagement with others and the electorate. Get her out now!
Behind the scenes this afternoon on . He’ll be having a chat to some of us later on about a student’s take on #brexit #pgdomediadifferently #radio #bbc #brexitdebate #ConfidenceVote #birmingham
Tickets and Air b'n'b booked! Mans flyin from Dublin to London for birthday bash at !! While I'm there I plan to record a send so hard against Theresa May that it makes your mum DM me her number and solves this #Brexit madness!
Shutdown, Brexit wobble the West
Still no idea of what a ‘jobs first Brexit is’, and I suspect outside the Corbyn clique, neither does anybody else
They could have done this post-brexit
The latest The Moonis Daily! #brexit #spidermanfarfromhome
Thank God is here to tackle the burning issues! Get them on . Give the people what they want to hear
"..... it would bring chaos, division and delay." Just what does she think she and her government has brought on this nation?
Here , we don't like getting all political but in honour of the #brexit debacle we're going to add a new cake recipe to the site this weekend. We recommend serving it in the #brexit style
I’d like to know the same thing Belgium
EUR/GBP Technical Analysis: 0.8840 target hit as Euro bulls attempt a counter-attack #EURGBP #Technical Analysis #Brexit
The fact he lost an election is fact. The fact he trails May as choice for PM is fact. To me that shows he is useless, The fact you can’t provide me with a single link where Corbyn promises a referendum on his Brexit shows you are disengenuous.
Evidence to date suggests not. Sadly.
Fear v reality: have Remain predictions come true in the two years since the Brexit vote?' | via
British politics? Who is behind the steering wheel? #Brexit
Analysts raise EU carbon price forecasts, but warn short-term prices will be volatile due to Brexit uncertainty #EUETS
John Snow is a little wretched toddler. Unbelievable considering Brexit looms. Instead he'll have a tantrum.
#ThingsThatAreBadForYourHealth: Making myself watch the clusterf*ck that is #Brexit on a daily basis.
People in Macclesfield are less than impressed with pretty much everything though tbh...
If BRexit had been BRanded BRemain
Steve Hilton: Original intent of Brexit - restoring freedom and sovereignty - buried by inept bureaucrats
Petition: Brexit re article 50 it must not be suspended/stopped under any circumstances
Say what you like about the brexit debacle, but at least it hasn’t lead to war and belligerent occupation of a foreign state... yet
Brexit
Petition: Brexit re article 50 it must not be suspended/stopped under any circumstances
Just in case you were wondering if the Prime Minister was thinking about growing up and acting like an adult...
We Only Want a Clean Brexit as Voted For. Leaving The EU &amp; Customs Union. We did not vote for any soft deal at all. Nether does anyone want a second referendum full stop. Get Real and Get Us Out of Europe and stop the EU dictating to the UK once and for all. Full Brexit Now.
A Brexit dividend?
Solution to 'disastrous' Brexit vote in the hands of Westminster, Taoiseach warns
In a political system all based on class war how can you ever really have any accord about anything? #Brexit #UK
I don’t think brexit will affect the cheese price, although cork is pretty shifty on that front
#UnitedKingdom | British lawmakers defeated Prime Minister #TheresaMay's #Brexit divorce deal by a crushing margin Tuesday, triggering political upheaval that could lead to a disorderly exit from the #EuropeanUnion.
Anything Wall St doesn't like is Putin.
Well she's had her cards? Also take a good look at this, all pushed without Parliamentary debate? So much for our Constitution eh?
Theresa May lost the Brexit vote because Brexit was a lie - Vox
I think you're right, it's a shill account because it only ever tweets about Brexit.
#Brexit = All Brits are under a huge fan=the EU membership,blowing vertically up. #Brexteers produces nonsense which like smelling fecal matter floats over due to the generated pressure. #Brexit will be turning off the fan, so everything will fall,all Brits will be dirty&amp;smelly.
Wot, no 'General Election' choice? The state of this lot...
British #food industry calls for a postponement of #Brexit: via
Its only now, because of Brexit, are we realizing the mess a government can secretly tie it's people into, what started as an Economic Market, as been turned into a money grabbing, power hungry monster, that won't let you LEAVE
Only a General election can extend Article 50!! And here is why... #Brexit #BrexitShambles #GeneralElectionNow #Article50
That’s her standard and wants Corbyn to help her but he will not do that until the choice is no Brexit and she has to force May to reject no deal
Why the left should champion Brexit
Brexit: EU opens door to further trade negotiations if Theresa May ditches red lines
"My deal delivers the Brexit people voted for, a country that works for everyone, a fairer Britain" But Mrs May we voted leave, not for a deal "My deal delivers a country that works for everyone delivers, delivers, delivers, delivers, everyone, fairer" NURSE PLEASE COME QUICKLY
Prime Minister Theresa May’s record defeat in Parliament over her Brexit divorce deal provoked a curious response from markets: Optimism. #Brexit #makets #stocks #volatility #Referendum
Tariffs are an issue currently - changing scope of projects. Brexit is also something to watch. Could give Jax a lot of opportunity in the international market, said .
Ah, the old “we fought a world war” false equivalency that people who can’t really argue for Brexit in any cogent way rely on. As a Welshman,it baffles as saddens me that the country voted leave when so many places here have benefitted greatly from the money the EU sent their way
‘Is she for real?’ This Morning viewers stunned by woman stockpiling food for Brexit
Brexit uncertainty hits house purchases
Cameron bought time as PM by pandering to racist element at GE; called referendum blindly thinking the result would be Remain, allowed the lies to be propagated which meant Leave won; ran for the hills when it went wrong. What’s to regret??!! #Arrogant #Selfish #Coward #Cameron
Brexit likely to be Britain's greatest disaster #Brexit #Britain #Disaster #UK #Government #Policy
100 Years Back ! #Britain use to decide others fate ! Today #Britain is unable to decide its Own ! #Brexit Or #NoBrexit ! Time &amp; Fate is no bodies friend ! Respect When you have ! Do Not Disrespect Where its not !
Can we just have the #NoConfidenceVote now? I'm not sure I can bear it all afternoon #Brexit
Solicitor General calls for free vote on Brexit #quegal
Dangit, I follow so many #dnd folks on here that I thought this was a parody ad about how opening a business in Barovia is less isolating than the post-#brexit UK.
For once I agree with , changing the captain on the Titanic AFTER it struck the iceberg would not change anything. A majority of the country DID NOT vote for THIS scenario and therefore #Brexit should be cancelled. #VoteLeaveBrokeTheLaw #StopBrexit
There must be a Brexit no deal on 29th March! If not, then peaceful civil disobedience should prevail.
is either as stupid as she seems, pulling the UK out of its largest market out she's played a remain blinder, making Brexit such a cluster fuck that only lunatics would vote for it
Brexit Canceled Following Poor Ticket Sales
Listening to overpaid posho fuckwits moaning about fucking Brexit. No one cares anymore!!! #ThingsThatAreBadForYourHealth
Roast neighbour lard... #brexit
The French port of Dunkirk is in negotiations with major North Sea ferry operators over the provision of post-Brexit services connecting the European mainland with the UK
Portugal’s tourism boom halted by Brexit, airport problems #travel #news
Time the people took over and show these treacherous MPs what we think of their definition of democracy....they are so treacherous and corrupt, they really are pass their sell by date!
your Tweet was quoted in an article by
MPs should be barred from using the word 'Brexit' until the situation is finally settled.
Best Brexit comment there has been
This must be@#Bigniges cousin
If Corbyn wants to convince me to vote Labour, he needs to tell me what he's going to do about Brexit, not about how incompetent he thinks Theresa May is.
Diane Abbott has left the chamber because she thinks it 3.15 and she needs to feed her face. Correct!! She thinks it’s #EU time. #brexit. #conservatives #Tories #labour really. For the daft. It’s 2.15. Not put in 24hrs. Diane can’t count that high.
#Islam #Brexit #AFD #London Peter Townsend's books. Soon on Audible and Itunes. Sign-up for updates here:
The U.S. and Britain were bitten by the same venomous snake. An antidote is urgently needed. #StopBrexitSaveBritain
here she said : they will do brexit NO matter what. but she won't have the support of the house of commons.FUCKED UP#PMQs
What's the point? Conservatives are very, very unlikely to vote No Confidence in May, no matter how many times you ask. Broken record politics is getting exhausting.
bbc etc have treated this whole ordeal as political theatre between warring factions of MPs for weeks... it really is no wonder that nobody knows what's going on or understands the ramifications of no deal brexit when it is covered as if we are unaffected, uninvolved bystanders
Pound wobbles after May’s Brexit defeat, a ory/pound-wobbles-as-uncertainty-swirls-after-mays-brexit-defeat-2019-01-16?mod=newsviewer_click
#Brexit = All Brits are under a huge fan=the EU membership,blowing vertically up. #Brexteers produces nonsense which like smelling fecal matter floats over due to the generated pressure. #Brexit will be turning off the fan, so everything will fall,all Brits will be dirty&amp;smelly.
This is why we voted #BREXIT isn't it . Who are they to tell us where to put our letterboxes #fuminghun
so fake news day #3
"...don't think Brexit would make much difference job wise.." Apart from the largest private employer in your area (Sellafield) losing out on lucrative decommissioning orders from places like Germany and Sweden once we leave Euratom.
Why the left should champion Brexit.
As though voting for May’s Brexit deal despite his constituents in #Croydon voting to remain in the EU, “isn’t putting party interests ahead of national interest”
Every time I hear the words #ConfidenceVote
Government ‘sneaks out’ £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote
At last, ....someone who knows how to deal with Brexit.
Link to my today's short vlog on #Brexit's consequences for Slovaks living in the UK (in Slovak)
Opinion: Why Jeremy Corbyn may be regretting Theresa May's devastating defeat
Labour MPs must not speak to the government regarding brexit until the government approach the shadow front bench ! She is trying to divide the Labour Party and it will be treacherous if MPs speak to this rotten government!
Britain + exit = Brexit
At least one American journalist has an idea about Brexit. Steve Hilton: Original intent of Brexit - restoring freedom and sovereignty - buried by inept bureaucrats | Fox News
Yeah. That'll do it. She doesn't listen to her own MPs, the opposition, the CBI, the unions, small businesses, the City or the Bank of England, but if you can knock up an avant garde hat then you've got her ear. #BrexitVote #Brexit
but the 2 options left are 1) no brexit and 2) no-deal brexit. Both are not what they want either. Corbyn indeed looks like the core issue here. What a mess. :/
EUR/GBP Technical Analysis: 0.8840 target hit as Euro bulls attempt a counter-attack #EURGBP #Technical Analysis #Brexit
We Only Want a Clean Brexit as Voted For. Leaving The EU &amp; Customs Union. We did not vote for any soft deal at all. Nether does anyone want a second referendum full stop. Get Real and Get Us Out of Europe and stop the EU dictating to the UK once and for all. Full Brexit Now.
If Mrs May sincerely pivots to no-deal it is not impossible that she could stay for a while. Which would be good on the brexit outcome, probably a shame on the nanny state side.
If Labour had a leader with any credibility it might win the no confidence vote today. I would not like to support a general election only to find both major parties are pro Brexit. Nor would any of the remainer conservatives.
So that's a yes then? You may be surprised to hear that for many thousands of people at risk of becoming a victim of their social murder, brexit doesn't feature at all. It must be nice to have that level of luxury in your life that you can just abandon others to die.
Hard to fault this argument.
Brexit
I’d like to get a first in my degree without going to a lecture and win the euromillions but that’s not going to happen either
EU to lose £500bn and UK to gain £640bn in no-deal Brexit, economist claims
But the HoC is full of remainers they only do lipservice to Brexit
The reason the UK is a mess is because of neoliberalism. The only thing #Brexit offers is more neoliberalism.
The Tory/DUP Brexit agenda seeks to shove our economy over a cliff edge. As the Brexit pantomime continues, it's clear, the backstop must be protected. #Brexit
if Merkel is wrong again, we loose the EU Project. how to set-up a winner ? En marche...
Here's, hopefully, a helpful rundown of the Brexit catastrophe.
If Mrs May survives the vote then she says she will present parliament with a different Brexit plan on Monday. If parliament doesn't change its mind then there are a few different possibilities. If nothing else happens it will be a no-deal Brexit
We voted out of Europe we should stick to it. Fuck them all Brexit means brexit.
Just in the door here of surely my #Risotto can bring moments of #brexit relief today with
At times of national troubles and crisis, with No Deal Brexit looming large.... we need something to raise our spirits, to make us smile. So come on we've waited far too long already.... Isn't it about time to bring back the Eccles to the menu ?
Brexit brought it you by Steve Bannon and Cambridge Analytica: “Nigel Farage threatens a ‘people’s army,’ claiming dangerously that ‘parliament is against the people.’ Boris Johnson stirs conspiracy paranoia by warning the ‘deep state’ is blocking Brexit.” Sound familiar?
Fabulous statement WE WILL NEVER SURRENDER
"All was going well till the word Brexit appeared." -- Feature: Border residents waiting in confusion for Brexit results
Labour summed up! Borrow, borrow , borrow...........borrow, oh no money.... left slink away.
Imagine the uk with the I.r.a parasite and the maths genius in charge of our security won’t be long till we are a sharia state #dangerous #brexit #BrexitVote #BrexitShambles
Thanks Junket we off to WTO and we will succeed after a few years watch U.K. grow EU prob be gone nxt 5 10 yrs and U.K. will fly, enough is enough when we where I EU there was sarcasm nearly every day we better off sort y self EU we do sort our self out
The one thing Brexit has taught me is that I want reasonably definitive answers on a lot of issues rather than "it'll be alright on the night style politics". I voted No in 2014 mainly over lack of transparency over alot of these issues
Morning Brief: Britain on the cusp of a general election and delayed Brexit via
Pro HARD #Brexit Theresa May just waffling on about anything to hide the fact that yesterday's revel of EU plans to stop tax avoiding. Have blown it open that #Brexit is about keeping UK as a Tax Haven &amp; if Tories used VETO POWERS it would show them as tax avoiders
This is what we call prioritising! Have the government got collective ADHD!? Developers get it sorted, postie's everywhere are putting their backs out! #BrexitVote #Brexit #BrexitDebate #BrexitChaos #brexitshambles
I'm an American and Brexit makes me sad. I always felt you all were on the leading edge of building a global community and breaking down nationalism in a visionary way. I know there were problems, but still.
Shock! is a liar She lies so routinely it no longer shocks, but it should Her, have appallingly downgraded our once famed democracy beyond belief In just 2 1/2 yrs The world cannot take us seriously any more #Brexit built on lies
RIGHT PACK IT IN NOW YOU'RE GETTING FUCKING BLUE PASSPORTS YOU SHOWER OF UNGRATEFUL SHITE. #Brexit
The only solution now is not to Save Brexit and Stop Britain working... it is a strong leader to stand up to Brexiteers and simply Scrap Brexit to Save Britain's economy, jobs and ability to influence the world
Join rally in Central London on 19 Jan 2019 to march in solidarity with all those affected by years of austerity &amp; impact of #brexit! For more details: #WeAreChange
According to the #Brexit #backstop is not a bug it's a feature ...
Oh that is on the agenda.
Theresa May playing the IRA card when the RUC and British Army murdered far more innocent people. A disgusting Right wing attack on Corbyn. #brexit
The country in chaos, which hurts everybody. The chaos must be stopp. The sane way is to just stay in the EU. Once the chaos is stopped, we can debate more calmly the real issues that all the people of the UK face and develop new solutions, cross party. Brexit's only a catalyst.
What does this "great deal" actually mean? Even described the six tests as "bollocks" , and no #Brexit deal can confer the same advantages as remaining. Time for to be honest about that like
What an absolute twat
No I was talking about conference. Delegates decided the course of action, we are watching closely There are a few polls saying Labour will be destroyed at the election if they continue or enable Brexit. #PeoplesVote
So there's a majority for both main parties that support brexit? That's surprising.
Good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
Brexit brought it you by Steve Bannon and Cambridge Analytica: “Nigel Farage threatens a ‘people’s army,’ claiming dangerously that ‘parliament is against the people.’ Boris Johnson stirs conspiracy paranoia by warning the ‘deep state’ is blocking Brexit.” Sound familiar?
Goldman Sachs sees greater chance of Brexit being scrapped altogether after historic defeat #Eurobiz #Europe
I have signed the People’s Vote Petition to demand a vote on the Brexit deal.We, the people, have the democratic right to determine our own future: #PeoplesVote
So does Bob Geldofs house. Is that a coincidence, or has he really got a God complex? #Brexit
Makers CEO discusses how #brexit could speed up digital transformation, and how the #apprenticeship levy can be used to train diverse talent for growing tech teams. #digitaltransformation #training
UK government faces no-confidence vote Wednesday after Brexit defeat
Difference is that the Brexit lies are deliberately aimed at subverting and damaging this country and its people!
(who are btw the most likely to endorse any nocon motion) support a motion antithetical to the brexit they've been trying to create for the past two years? the simple fact of the matter is that even if corbyn endorsed a #PeoplesVote today he's still a more nightmarish (2/3)
He’s no parliamentary performer is he?
#brexit - about time ! Ditch Jeremy and go ahead guys!
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK - CNNPolitics
This is more apt than ever after last night's fiasco. Why you must avoid sounding like a politician in your marketing: #marketing #business #startup #sales #entrepreneur #advertising #corporate #smallbusiness #writing #smallbiz #politics #sme #brexit
BBC News - Brexit and no-confidence vote: Corbyn targets 'zombie government'
Just commented on : Varadkar says Brexit 'ball is in Westminster’s court' and there are no plans f -
. will you be supporting a #peoplesvote? We know the ref was built on lies, we know there were crimes committed - some of which are STILL under investigation. Regardless of any of that, this was not the #brexit people voted for. Time for a #peoplesvote
Some good MPs &amp; MEPs have signed this like &amp; . I hope they’re listened to. These are local champions who know stopping Brexit and stopping Austerity go hand-in-hand
That’s true. It will add to the #BrexitChaos . #NoConfidenceMotion #Brexit
He should regret starting this mess...
Can’t believe I got a ban. Seriously?! I’ve got two clowns, a circus, and pain to maintain. Like I can be arsed with you. You twat! I would say act your age, not your shoe size. Although, once Brexit is complete, 10 might fit you well. X
I don’t quite understand why all the Tories are now blaming Labour for this Brexit shambles when you’re the ones running the show. Well, I do, but it’s not going to wash.
Brexit Gets Flushed Down The Drain As U.K.s May Suffers Heaviest Parliamentary Defeat In The Democratic Era
#camchat are you making any specific arrangements for a no-deal Brexit?
How much more difficult will it be to recruit the right #tech employees with all this #Brexit uncertainty? #startups, #funding, #location, #recruitment #AI #ML #Robotics #STEM #TechDiversity #womenintech
Yes May has NO shame. It's like nothing has changed. She is unable to unite the country, she just wants to plough on with this shambolic Brexit. It's rubbish.
We in the west are asleep at the wheel. We need to regain conciousness and realise that the Cold War did not end and at the moment we are not winning. #russia #putin #Brexit
Started by deselecting all LFI MPs. That includes Chester’s Mr Christian Matheson. He supports genocide. We can do a lot better than this!
As Prime Minister Theresa May attempts to forge a consensus on a #Brexit divorce agreement, opposition Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn said she was leading a 'zombie government'. A no confidence vote is set for 19:00 GMT. Follow our Brexit coverage …
Were voters under the impression Britain would get a good exit deal?
There's a difference between being a "bloody difficult woman" &amp; being completely blind to all options other than those to which you have put your name. #theresamay, despite her accusation of the same to others, is not acting in the country's best interests. #PeoplesVote #Brexit
#Brexit = All Brits are under a huge fan=the EU membership,blowing vertically up. #Brexteers produces nonsense which like smelling fecal matter floats over due to the generated pressure. #Brexit will be turning off the fan, so everything will fall,all Brits will be dirty&amp;smelly.
stating that campaigned the last election on a #Brexit ticket as though it was a badge of honour. Can’t see him changing his tack for anybody, including his own party members. #FBPE #FinalSay #PeopleVote
As Theresa May ends her speech in no confidence vote here is her twin track #Brexit strategy: talk to DUP (want scrapping of NI backstop or UK exit mechanism) in hope EU will listen and embark on U-Turn 1/
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK America, don’t you see what happened here!! Pay Attention!!
always delivering for the people of the UK #Brexit
Sometimes it's best of you to admit that you were wrong and listen to the voices telling you that you're going to be worse off, brexiteers
Good work. Encore suggestion (apologies to Jimmy Cliff) We can stop it if we really want (x3) But we must try, try &amp; try for a Peoples Vote Brexit damage we must fear Win or lose you're 'bout to get your share Did you vote to make things worse? Plain to see, Brexit is a curse
The Prime Minister's told MPs staying in the EU is not an option - after losing last night's vote on her Brexit deal. #HeartNews
"My deal delivers the Brexit people voted for, a country that works for everyone, a fairer Britain" But Mrs May we voted leave, not for a deal "My deal delivers a country that works for everyone, delivers, delivers, delivers, delivers, everyone, fairer" NURSE PLEASE COME QUICKLY
Chucky from telling us we need leadership, channeling his inner Mrs May #brexit
Corbyn accuses May of being in denial over Brexit deal in PMQs
The top 40 horrors lurking in the small print of Theresa May’s Brexit deal
Thank God!
How can any decent person listen to this dreadful man?
Labour make a Brexit decision? Shome mishtake shurely
Shows what a load of cobblers the phrase is 'cometh the hour, cometh the wo/man'
Theresa may should allow people to talk in the House of Commons and not back down if they want to speak. Also she hasn't answered the question . She should say no to brexit and not go through with it as it didn't work
A surreal micro general election campaign currently playing out in the Commons at the moment, inc arguments about Labour govt response to 2008 crash. In between the noise PM not budging at all on her Brexit red lines
It's also not what people pick when surveyed about the possible paths forward. People choose Canada every time. Remain and Leave Conservative Voters polled by Lord Ashcroft each rated the UK being able to make its own deals as a high priority.
Anyone else notice the massive number of blatant liars on the phone ins? "I voted Remain but now Brexit means Brexit, I'm right behind the PM, she's doing a fantastic job negotiating on behalf of GREAT BRITAIN, the EU are treating her with contempt and we must leave with NO DEAL!
Learning so much about politics with the Brexit debacle.
From a #gvc global value chain perspective, #Brexit is going to make UK worseoff especially in its #Automobile #Chemical &amp; #Steel sectors which are the closely integrated with EU and EU-UK trade cost will be largely magnified in GVCs. See new research on
How &amp; why the PM hasn't resigned yet is beyond comprehension. #ResignNowTheresaMay #PeoplesVote #BrexitShambles #VoteOfNoConfidence #PeoplesVoteNow #GTTO
An Irish perspective - Ball still in UK's court as Brexit deadline looms via
They’re just afraid they’ll lose in the wake of shifting public opinion, revelations of the misdeeds to the leave campaign and the mounting obviousness of how bad Brexit is going to be for the country. They won in 2016 and it must not be taken away from them! They NEED this.
It's more like Transformers with Megatron morphing into an Austin Martin.
Ah thank you President Macron- at least you can answer my questions on Brexit!
Shadow government roles. Rules.
EU 'in no mood' to renegotiate Brexit deal as chiefs demand UK axes 'red lines'
The latest Basin PBS Daily! #brexit
Under populist loneliness / Brexit emptiness
British parochialism (to use a mild word) Plus decades of misreporting the EU, Plus forgetting about Scotland and NI, Plus useless political leaders: Voilà! The perfect recipe for #Brexit.
Bravo, a solution to all the Brexit contradictions is finally here...
#Brexit = All Brits are under a huge fan=the EU membership,blowing vertically up. #Brexteers produces nonsense which like smelling fecal matter floats over due to the generated pressure. #Brexit will be turning off the fan, so everything will fall,all Brits will be dirty&amp;smelly.
Particularly puzzling, given that the leader of the opposition is mostly in agreement on Brexit, a fact that would be exposed to his detriment through direct interactions.
A 'no deal' Brexit is best for Britain and the United States #FoxNews
Probably worth a shot. We’ve let the war of 1812 go unpunished for two centuries.
Did they ever manage to put through a hard Brexit? Really just want to see them 100% out of that EU mess.
Nick Crafts: "The banking crisis and Brexit are usually seen as two unrelated setbacks. In fact, there is a close connection between them (...) through fiscal consolidation (...)" Brexit: Blame it on the banking crisis | VOX, CEPR Policy Portal
this report suggests EU citizens are sound asleep... they don't mind a fourth Reich, as long as they call it something else.... neo-liberal globalism
Truer words never spoken re #Brexit.
The original Brexit referendum has no value since it was voted on based on sweeping, grandiose promises that turned out to be utter lies. Why is this such a difficult concept to understand?
#GistAfricah: Theresa May suffers historic defeat as parliament rejects fresh Brexit deal
"Getting a general election is our priority…we want to sweep the government away." tells his party’s policy is to keep all options open including campaigning for a public vote. #Brexit #emmabarnettshow
Camermoron left a great legacy ! He has three achievements I think he should be very proud of:- The women pensioners NOT , Libya and off course Brexit
Farage is "Mr Brexit" for very many people. Not so toxic as current ukip. Assured to get huge amount of free publicity. Also might not be figurehead of new party. Other 2 questions i already answered.
Gives with one hand,..takes away with the other...but May doesn't mention the latter when she bigs up the Tories at PMQ today!
Come back, David, and save us all
May is a Remainer trying to avoid hard Brexit, pleased no one. Leavers outlandish claims should of been dispatched quickly by the Remain campaign, they weren’t. I think Brexit will be overturned by Parliament albeit in the guise of a 2nd ref, they are too spineless to do it
The FM moving on is a Unionist fabrication to deflect Scots from the Ubbershitshow that is #Brexit.
If you still support Brexit, no point in a GE. Financial hit to the country will prolong austerity for years.
Brexit pales into insignificance next to that news. Thanks. New signage? cost?
Well done you, you have done us proud Andrea.
That's one way to put it...
Some reflections on the relationship between the constitution and Brexit negotiations in light of yesterdays vote
don't you think it's clear Anna
The deluded former Treasury Sec. #LiamByrneMP, has just suggested that his 'medal of honour' should be the fact that whilst in office, he prevented a recession from becoming a depression. This is what a #Labour MP boasts about as being an economic success. #Unbelievable #Brexit
Why will they be affected by brexit when the government has assured them their living status won’t be affected?
Was contacted today by the Tagesspiegel to provide an opinion on Brexit. Unclear how I ended up on their list of subject experts, but sure, I am DELIGHTED to say what I think about Brexit to anyone who will listen.
OMG And some want another referendum? The flipping MPs can't agree!!?
Eurotunnel firm seeks border answers over #Brexit
Well said. Trust backbenchers will not engage with this charade:
The EU's strategy has always been to reverse #Brexit. That is not going to change. We may soon see a new political party, whose agenda is to promote the interests of the EU in Westminster. #PeoplesBrexit
“I think it’s going to be a quieter quarter than normal. You’re not going to get sacked for not doing a deal in Q1 if you’re a buyer.”
This news will get buried under the Brexit vote but it’s staggering: the Tories’ disability benefit ‘reforms’ have ended up costing the government £4bn *more*, all whilst pushing disabled people into poverty.
You don’t have any problem with Corbyn essentially abdicating any real form of leadership in the Brexit crisis? Brexit will crush the British working class and Corbyn has done nothing. His wishy-washy stance is disqualifying. But I guess it perturbs a children’s book author?
The time to get rid of May was 12 months ago when it was clear to everyone she wasn't going to handle #Brexit right as much as I want her gone it's not gonna help the predicament were in...
Just want to say ! SHUT THE HELL UP Sturegon and we don't care one bit what you think about Brexit in fact about anything you say at all
City chiefs call for Brexit delay after PM’s deal is rejected
Solicitor General calls for free vote on Brexit #quegal
I don't get brexit the people voted to get out of the European Union and now the old government can decide what the f**people want the people want to get out this is not about the government it's the people people vote you in and they can vote you the f** out ask the Republicans
Hold a Second Brexit Referendum via
5 things to know for January 16: Brexit, William Barr, Kenya, El Chapo, shutdown - CNN
Didn't think I could like David Cameron any less but then he stole Tommy Robinson's hair.
"[In the event of a no deal Brexit] The government is not currently making plans for checks along the Irish border, Mr Varadkar told reporters in Dublin." There's no need for an Irish backstop, and there never was.
If Brexit has highlighted one thing, it’s just how incompetent a good portion of our politicians are, when it comes to the crunch. #Brexit #Brexitdeal #MayDay
Well, Brexit has dented the British economy significantly, has soured relations with our neighbours, including Scotland, who must in any case be regretting being lumped along with Brexit. Britain is at the back of the queue for any trade deal. Peace in Ireland is threatened, etc.
Note that the UK's BREXIT mimics Trump's America First in so many ways .... and is FAILING just like Trump's diplomacy is isolating the US, alienating allies, giving away the store to RUSSIA!
However, this is not what Labour spokespeople have been saying in the media recently. A magic deal splitting access to the market without FOM has been muted. This is a non-starter.
#Brexit I call utter, stinking, festering bullshit.
worse still, Brexit vote will most likely happen again, and we'll be doing this for the next 45 years
From Remoan press.
Whether you like it or not Tommy Robinsons vote in the referendum was just as valid as yours. Do you see YOUR hypicricy here. Is it better than the Left wing intellectual response who say it is we who voted for Brexit have crawled out from under a stone.
That's fewer than 100 MPs and most only started calling for it a year and a half after trying to get brexit done. Indeed, parliament still, as of today, has not voted at any stage against brexit. It's just they are deadlocked on what kind of brexit. And the way out is a ref.
Trump and Brexit are two cheeks of the same arse.
The president of the Confederation of British Industry, John Allan, urges politicians to come together to try to find a way out of a perilous situation. He says businesses are hugely concerned at the prospect of a no-deal #Brexit - and trading on World Trade Organisation terms.
EU Expresses Horror at Brexit Vote, Refuses to Reopen Deal
Racist attacks that were directly attributable to Brexit? No. It seems you're unable to back up your assertion. Hardly surprising. Consider that before branding people as racists in future.
the tories would rather let the uk sink into the ocean than have corbyn as pm
I can't believe Theresa May is deluded enough to say she's proud of her track record when it includes the appalling ways she's handled Grenfell, Brexit, the Salisbury poisonings, homelessness + reducing her own majority, held in contempt of parliament &amp; biggest defeat on a vote.
Also her response: 8. Fear-mongering 9. Wreak the economy 10. Descrimination 11. Espionage She is good at playing politics..the whole bandwagon was just parroting the same topic. #brexit #MeaningfulVote #RevokeA50
She is the only true brexit prophet!
No single vision of Brexit ‘won’ in 2016. But instead of building consensus the government ran a secretive process, produced a deal no one likes, and we’re still clueless on what Brexit means. Forcing a Brexit picked by a handful in Westminster on the public is not democracy.
I wouldn't go that far. watching the debate I see a lot of genuine integrity on both sides, but I do think those who would stop Brexit aren't looking at the long term ramifications of so doing.
After yesterday's historic #Brexit defeat, we share our thoughts on what a #NoDealBrexit could mean for data transfers. Read the blog post here: #PeoplesVote #BrexitVote #NoConfidenceMotion #NoDealBrexit
This is important
Axios: Second Brexit referendum looks more likely than ever. via
Worse then bloody brexit this!
At same time try to talk to Labour MPs in Leave-voting seats who need Brexit with a Labour-friendly face. If 130 of them come over PM can win without EU move on NI backstop 2/
Business agility essential before, during and after Brexit, says industry insider
#Brexit now, negotiate later.
#Brexit = All Brits are under a huge fan=the EU membership,blowing vertically up. #Brexteers produces nonsense which like smelling fecal matter floats over due to the generated pressure. #Brexit will be turning off the fan, so everything will fall,all Brits will be dirty&amp;smelly.
True, the Mercers and Bannon were ideological supporters of Brexit, perhaps they gave their services to the 'cause' for free.
Brexit, food and farming –Uncertainty sees growth in buying local and British.
Tory chat. -Do you like her deal? -No. -Do you think she can negotiate a better one? -No. -Does she believe in Brexit? -No. -Can she unite the country? -No. -Do you think she is a good PM? -No. -So are you going to vote against her? -Of course not. Why should I? #ConfidenceVote
Tickets and Air b'n'b booked! Mans flyin from Dublin to London for birthday bash at !! While I'm there I plan to record a send so hard against Theresa May that it makes your mum DM me her number and solves this #Brexit madness!
The transport department does seem to be the dumping ground for the most useless members of Cabinet - Grayling is the 2010s answer to Geoff Hoon. Suspect Brexit is similar to this research,where most ardent campaigners against transgenics know the least :
Ken Clarke supports Labour’s Brexit position but rest of the Tories still will put party ahead of country and media will support the Tories and pass the blame to Labour
"Left-Remain is a status quo position, while #Lexit has never been given any convincing programmatic explanation." (Apply that to Greece circa 2015...) offers a lucid explanation for the British Left's failure to impact on the #Brexit debate.
#voting #BrexitVote #brexitdebate #BrexitDeal #Brexit #TheresaMay #EU #UK #London #UnitedKingdom #VIdeo #fun LEAKED: Footage From Inside No. 10 Downing Street! via
But that will never happened so the only way to get the Labour manifesto is to leave the EU with as soft a brexit as is possible to negotiate. How close a relationship we get will show how far the EU is willing to bend on socialism and sends a clear message to every member state.
Yes, &amp; to get a deal like this through HoC would lead to splits in both main parties. Personally, I don't think a united #Tory Party that had lead us to a hard brexit &amp; therefore recesssion would fare well at a #GE either!
Want to read the whole of yesterday's debate on Brexit? Find it in Hansard: #Brexit #Brexitvote #Hansard #NoConfidenceMotion
What do you think needs to happen now?
A big mood from Alan today
Explanatory!
Whatever your view on #Brexit, must surely be enjoying some record viewing figures at the moment. #silverlining #brexitdebate #BrexitVote
Why does just let nutters come on her show and tell lies utterly unchallenged?? Norway &amp; Sweden are both in Schengen for heaven's sake! &amp; as for a "clean" WTO Brexit, how about explaining to your listeners what that will mean? Why wasn't she challenged? Shame
"the government who are fighting poverty and injustice", shit I must have totally missed that, Theresa! I thought you were the party of biting austerity and cruel punishment... awks. #Brexit #NoConfidence
We've all had enough #Brexit, but this is an interesting case to watch for anyone whose business has European links..
This is a government that brought its Brexit deal in front of Parliament and lost by majority of 230 - something which is quite unprecedented says
Isn’t it reassuring when someone realises the nonsense of their prior position and becomes pragmatic rather than entrenched? It’s a shame &amp; can’t do the same. #brexit #StopBrexit #StopBrexitNow #Peoplesvote
Finally waking up to the simple fact that brexit is the shambles it always was going to be? Or do you just don't like reality?
PM faces vote of confidence after MPs reject her Brexit plan by majority of 230
Go on then, explain the brexit policy they’ve developed with the membership. I’ll wait.
I think hard brexit is inevitable unless there's a GE.
The clearest explanation I've read so far
I’m one of Mary’s constituents- we voted not two thirds to leave. She has consistently voted to remain at every turn. How is that democratic? Btw there is no soft or hard brexit. We are fully in or fully out
everything that woman tells you she has done positive for the UK people should start with ''if you are wealthy you get .................'' good education, great health care, looked after in your old age.. i detest her and her party more than i detest Brexit
“Well, I’m afraid to say Nicola but this Auld English Brexit, with a hint of Welsh, is sadly worth fuck all to you &amp; I wouldn’t bring it to a Scottish auction anytime now. I’m afraid you’ve been swindled out of the thruppence &amp; several thousand jobs that it’s cost you” Expert
Hi Stephanie I work at - keen to speak with you re: Brexit - if you see this can you follow back so I can DM you? Thanks very much
She should have resigned months ago.
We must remember to thank #DavidCameron for the Headache he gifted to the #UK in the form of #BrexitShambles
Theresa May has hours to save her premiership as she faces a vote of no confidence which, if successful, could topple the government.
Fucking #Brexit what an almighty cock up! Rather than an across parties approach and showing the EU a united front (even just for show) we've become fractured and interested only in point scoring, giving the EU all the power. Best just call it a bad do and not bother
sounds familiar given she has brought all that to the UK in recent months with her disgusting ignorance relating to other parties and her constant lies.
. states that the house has been excluded, from the outset, in a meaningful way in helping to determine the principles on which the Brexit deal should of been negotiated. #NoConfidenceMotion
Anyone who still can't see the malevolence of the #EU is out to destroy the very fabric of our civilization. Aka = the enemy #Brexit #Nexit #GiletsJaunes #YellowVests #GeleHesjes #Brexit #Nexit #AfD
No-Deal Brexit Would Be Really Bad For Scotch Whisky via #vacation #travel
This isn't breaking. This is three fewer than had already self declared.
Except that the producers, directors &amp; financiers of #Brexit are the same as those that put Trump in place Bannon Cambridge Analytica Putin Themes: xenophobia, nationalism, isolationism, fear, lies, bribery, threats Goal: Destabilization of US, UK, &amp; Europe Endgame: ???
We’re trying but we attack Brexit and need help from Corbyn. Its not forthcoming as he’s a brexiteer himself
Yesterday’s vote further undermines the credibility of the Tory Government and UK political system. UK Gov has had over two years to negotiate with the EU and has failed to agree a deal that satisfies anyone. UK system is not working. #Brexit 1/3
"If all EU staff in the UK were required to be on a Tier 2 visa (like all other immigrants) after Brexit, universities could face a bill of £32.5 million in fees in the first year"
UK system is hurtling Scotland towards economic catastrophe risking livelihoods with a no deal #Brexit. The Tories must go and SNP MPs will vote to remove the Gov which we called for months ago, but Labour is only doing now losing us precious time and bringing no deal closer. 2/3
I can’t foresee how any Gov can negotiate a deal that will satisfy MPs. Things are unlikely to progress well. Scotland must look at what Westminster is doing with our economy and communities through #Brexit and austerity. We have to consider independence again. 3/3
Yeah, the newspapers are quite scathing. #BrexitVote Its no deal or #NoBrexit. gets the headline of the day with "Brexinct: May's Brexit deal dead as a dodo"
European Commission’s Juncker tells May: ‘Time is almost up’ Macron: EU won’t help fix U.K.’s ‘internal political problem’
" EU #Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier warned there could be no changes to the existing, legally-binding arrangements on the backstop, "
I couldn't agree more with this. One reason I'm proud to be British is our history of being inclusive and united with allies - not individualistic #Brexit #BrexitVote
Rubbish - the people spoke twice (ref &amp; GE). If you con us out of Brexit (even softer / worse than terrible Therexit) we will never vote Tory again and look for another force in politics to begin. #nodealbrexit
#Brexit #FFS The morning after the night before. A Good Burgher of #Calais trying to come to terms over wtf has happend over the last few years! #BrexitShambles With apologies to Rodin!
via EU and UK are nearing a 'no deal' Brexit neither want: Moscovici Reuters World News
All true. What is Corbyn's position on Brexit by the way?
The latest The Pascal Jacquemain Daily! Thanks to #peoplesvote #brexit
How is it preferable? Labour MP's are subject to the voters at large. Much better than current rules which give all the power to a tiny minority of Labour voters. Brexit is a great example of this. 80%+ of Labour voters are Remain, but the majority of "party members" aren't.
Possible to know same amount about Brexit by trying to hide from it as by reading up on it via @
The latest Daily Informer! Thanks to #news #brexit
via Brexit bedlam: May's EU divorce deal crushed by 230 votes in parliament Reuters World News
The defeated #Brexit deal sent the $GBPUSD higher to finish in positive territory after trading down 1.3% prior to the vote, but #volatility remains at a relatively low level despite the historic event. Read the full analysis here: #UK #GBP #USD #Forex
Once the #NoConfidenceVote has been beaten by at least 100 votes, is it possible to have a No Confidence vote in the Opposition? They have been appalling because their leader has NEVER given a proper lead on Brexit, and his Party's antisemitism is a disgrace to humanity.
Exactly what he said!! WE HAVE THE POWER! NOT THE EU!! take note this is how it needs to be done!
Yes, it's unbelievable, I just feel totally helpless to do anything about it, I voted that vote will be ignored.
Wriggle wriggle wriggle. And if all else fails just don’t answer the question James O'Brien's Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote:
Cameron says he doesn’t regret calling BREXIT referendum #brexit
Good Lass.
May is so arrogant she is hell bent on causing the most damage in self gratification
Corbyn admits he has no plan for Brexit while 71 Labour MPs are joining a campaign to force him to back new Brexit referendum. #PeoplesVoteNow
Ahhh going for personal attacks, none of which are true of course. Wasn't it that stinking witch Maggie who suggested you've not a political argument left when you start personal attacks? #Brexit
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
WE DON’T NEED BREXIT - WAKE UP!!!!!!!! Seriously.
"... this has been seen from the beginning as a sort of hospital pass to be managed rather than this great opportunity for renewal and reform of politics in this country" with a typical and much needed 'can-do attitude'. Exactly what is needed
What Changes Will the #EU See in #2019? #Brexit; #trade #migration #populism #relationships
The PM's told MPs staying in the EU is not an option - after losing last night's vote on her Brexit deal. #CapitalReports
Have followed you for months now. However know what you’re against but still don’t know what you’re for. Are you saying you don’t have starting position on Brexit?
Labour's #Brexit policy is by far the most dishonest of all major players
This would be the final vote on Brexit. There is actually something to vote for once parliament has sorted out what it wants. This of course should have happened in the first place instead of this mad rush to get out in two years.
I will not be surprised if we hear talk of another #referendum but on the question of #proportionalrepresentation within a few months. People will realise the futility of voting for the least objectionable candidate after this fiasco.
more people late to the party
Oh do one Dave, you tosser
He's #FBPE Full Bullshit Promoting Extremist. It's not about #Brexit but hating the poor, disabled, vulnerable and of course, #Corbyn4pm.
Do your constituents realise your party supports Brexit.
Sorry for the long sequence of tweets but seriously as an advocate can you imagine the fun to be had cross examining our politicians on their previous inconsistent statements ? It’s like manna from heaven. And that’s without the bad character application !
Don't know how or why Youtube has only just recommended this to me considering they think I'd like next to watch Jordan Peterson own a feminist. Better late than never I suppose.
Very good.
British Lawmakers Vote Against EU Deal, Throwing Brexit Into Chaos
UK to confirm membership of WTO Trade Facilitation Agreement post-Brexit
Well this is #awkward Germany says EU ready to talk if UK rejects Brexit deal
Corbyn isn't going to go anywhere and I suggest there might be more chance of building support for stopping brexit if remain supporters stopped attaching the opposition at every opportunity.
Brexit endgame: Parliament votes down Theresa May’s Brexit deal | Khalil Humam -
City chiefs call for Brexit delay after PM’s deal is rejected
The Motion of no confidence debate sees May in full robotic mode, not answering questions, showing no remorse or humility after her massive defeat yesterday. Deeply depressing. She should resign. #Brexit #Remain
Parliament is deadlocked. Brexit is in chaos. The people must now be given the chance to fix this mess. That's what's . Sign the petition at #LetUsDecide
I don't understand why Congress would ignore the Will Of The People. We have Pelosi, Funding International Abortions. What was it? 12.5 Billion? Evil in my opinion. #PROLIFE #SAVEOURBABIES. Stop Killing Our Babies. Be an Adult and use Protection.
Uncertain about how #Brexit affects your company's participation in the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield? #RBLaw attorney John Conley breaks down new guidance from the Commerce Department regarding these questions on The Privacy Report blog:
So bad it’s good: Why markets see a silver lining in Theresa May’s Brexit defeat | -
BBC News - Brexit and no-confidence vote: Corbyn targets 'zombie government'
You cant hold her responsible for an EU that wont concede anything to get a deal passed Solidly stuck to her guns tho and her aim always clear and unchanged The defeat was more a mistrust in EU post brexit rather than the actual deal yet Jeremy still has no clear plan
A plan
THERE WOULD BE UNIMAGINABLE PROTEST
Brexit vote: Donald Tusk suggests UK should stay in EU F**k off. the British people will fight for brexit so unelected people like you can't goven us #brexit
Ergo ‘Unable to grapple with dissent and disunity in his own nation, President Macron tries to deflect attention onto the shitshow that is British politics’
#Insurance experts have called for clarity after PM Theresa May’s #Brexit deal was rejected by Parliament yesterday: "“We would like some clarity as to what the next steps will be sooner rather than later, bearing in mind that as things stand we leave on 29 March"
Hold a Second Brexit Referendum - Roger Cohen
The latest The Peter English Daily! Thanks to #brexit #peoplesvote
1st- you swore to uphold America’s Constitution. 2nd- you replaced our flag w/that of Palestine. 3rd- this shutdown has now shifted to the Dems. Refusing to go to the negotiating table falls squarely on you. 4th-We don’t have Brexit, but Dexit.
Personal obsessions - some dream of Ferrari, some dream of Olympic gold, some dream of Nobel prize, some dream of second #Brexit referendum. But all those are dreams of the top 10%. The bottom 10% dream of having their own bed at night and breakfast in the morning.
... “nor not being around to pick up the pieces”..... #BrexitShambles
"One day this must end, It isn't real. Still I'll enjoy a hearty meal before tomorrow's execution" - Sunset Boulevard #BrexitVote (i'm on a roll)
"The YouGov poll shows reveals that if the choice was to remain in the EU or leave under the terms of Ms May’s deal negotiated by the government, the result would be 63 per cent to 37 per cent in favour of staying tied to Brussels."
May after her #Brexit deal defeat. HoC a throw-back to the times of Shakespeare.
Brexit isn't a stag do. On a stag do you'd invite Boris Johnson. Is that what you'd prefer. If it is a Stag do the wife's brother would be wise to smash the groom's face in and tell him to call the wedding off.
#Brexit Alliance, because that would be the only way. The cam sort their differences out once in parliament.
May is bad but Corbyn is worse, where do we go from here? #brexit #may #corbyn #parliament
Hero. What an absolute hero. A straight talking no nonsense Yorkshire lass #BrexitShambles
"It's like turkeys voting for Christmas." #Brexit
‘Deeply frustrated and disappointed’: What does Brexit uncertainty mean for food and farming?
Tricky bit: highly unlikely 130 Labour MPs will defy Jeremy Corbyn and support a #Brexit deal solely proposed by Theresa May even if she offers major concessions on workers rights 3/
Why would he regret it? Fact is in or out of Europe these situations will never have an impact on individuals lile Cameron, May because they will always have oppurtunities that the majority of us will never get. Westminster governs for the minority and tricks the majority
I love how in the article he states what Britain has “given the world” but conveniently leaves out the part where it did that after it colonized those territories
Seriously? That is when you sound like the government. A new customs union of our own making?? A very close relationship with EU??? Will the fantasy of a "better Brexit" ever end??? It isn't any less noxious when peddled by the left.
Executives from some of the biggest companies operating in the UK rounded on cabinet ministers on Tuesday night after they refused to rule out a no-deal Brexit in the wake of Theresa May's crushing Commons defeat.
Smart direct blunt thread by : "To understand where we go from here in Brexit we need to understand where we are. […]"
No, he’s just someone who’s POV you agree with ie cancel Brexit and stay in the EU
"The probability of a no deal has diminished while the chances of a delay in Article 50, a second referendum or even, at the margin, no Brexit at all, have all increased. The consequence of those scenarios has encouraged sterling to rally despite the PM s…
More lies or incompetence? #Brexit
And that might be the outcome of the only path out of the deadlock. What's the alternative? Cary on brexiting forever but never actually brexit?
Assignees to be hit with post-Brexit social security bill #Compliance #CzechRepublic
Theresa May Loses Critical Brexit Vote, U.K. Heads Towards No Deal -- So poor lady lost the game. via
The PM keeps talking about making sure she delivers what the public voted for in 2016. She ignores the fact that the public did not vote for a Brexit costing £39BN, or the Irish backstop. Two issues of many issues, this now needs to go back to the public in a #PeoplesVote vote.
The tories over 2 years couldn't get Brexit right. What makes the British public think they'll get domestic policy correct?
#Varadkar in #Ireland sounds like something out of Blackadder. Do you have a Secret Plan? No.
I am sorry but I really don’t follow your argument.
#proxyvoting IS OVERDUE!! This has to be changed! should not be put through this! #GTTO #GeneraElectionNow
Theresa May suffered the worst defeat of any government in history last night. That’s no exaggeration. A majority of 230 MPs voted against her Brexit deal - bigger than anyone was expecting - with 248 Labour MPs,...
After Defeat on Brexit Plan, Theresa May Faces No-Confidence Vote - The New York Times
But the deal was not Brexit.
Eurotunnel calls out market distortion as UK prepares for hard Brexit
#Luxembourg business groups voice concerns over #Brexit #UK
Brexit primer courtesy NYT.
This is a good article, really balanced.
Theresa May’s Brexit Deal Walloped in Biggest Parliamentary Defeat in British History via
Post Brexit Cork will control the supply of cheese and tea. I wouldn't rule out them holding us to ransom.
Hitler had no regrets invading Poland. Den had no regrets marrying Ange. Trump had no regrets partying with Russian hookers
FURTHER clarification: long-term interest rates (10Y say) = the KEY variable NOW, not saying it's always the only variable that matters! Headlines scream Brexit, trade wars, corporate profits, employment, yield curve, inflation... For now, all noise. FOCUS on 10Y yields!
Nope. Managed not to miss it.
LATEST: says funding negotiations for 2019-20 contract have already been delayed by #Brexit &amp; after last night's #BrexitVote defeat, it is "concerned" delays will continue: #pharmacy
POLL: How would you vote in a second Brexit referendum?
Hearing from industry insiders that RTÉ have commissioned the team behind Channel 4's 'Brexit: The Uncivil War' to dramatise the behind-the-scenes story of the 2013 Referendum on the Abolition of Seanad Éireann
The problem from the start has been the bastions of Brexit did a runner and left it to a remainer to negotiate. The country has been made a laughing stock by the house.
Only if she vows to stop Brexit
What we need right now is some unity in parliament but that will never happen when the likes of labour and the snp are simply looking out for their own agenda, constantly trying to score points. They’re a disgrace the lot of them #BrexitShambles #brexit
FYI WE ALWAYS EAT DINNER ON THE SOFA WE’RE NOT MONSTERS
Outsiders, I think. Definitely the : 'a democracy that cannot change its mind is not a democracy'
The latest HELIX Higher Ed Innovations Daily! Thanks to #brexit #highered
No Brexit
A history lesson on how Cameron came to screw the pooch on #Brexit.
If you’re an Economist in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a debacle for you. If you live in the East Midlands then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this disaster! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
The president of the Confederation of British Industry, John Allan, urges politicians to come together to try to find a way out of a perilous situation. He says businesses are hugely concerned at the prospect of a no-deal #Brexit - and trading on World Trade Organisation ter…
Women Daily News est en ligne! Stories via , #azizelmessaoudi and #brexit
Power always over people and national interest.
There are so many issues more important than Brexit. Fixing the reason why people voted they way they did is of paramount importance
Brexit means Brexit. Thank you for doing the best you can. I'll still stand by you unlike these other snowflakes
Just bought Fur Baby some pigs’ ears. Seems very appropriate this week. #brexit
Theresa May, who rose to the occasion like a replicant Anglepoise lamp. Basic shambles model.
Actually, I always find these negotiations only really work once you agree the end goal, then negotiate how to achieve it. In #Brexit, all UK parties agreed to leave the EU. It was in their manifestos. So now we know we're leaving, it's how and how soon. Sooner the better.
In her speech yesterday, Ms. May replied you: if Britons wanted a second referendum, they could have voted the Libdems. Only 7% did. So the majority of Britons is committed to Brexit, and the current parliament is the only one at fault. Let it be hard...
The Government's "Plan B" will just be the Withdrawal Agreement put through Google Translate a few times. #Brexit #BrexitShambles
Petition: Brexit re article 50 it must not be suspended/stopped under any circumstances
Sorry but ‘we’ haven’t proven anything. Those who survived that nightmare and struggled to rebuild in the aftermath have overwhelmingly passed on. The mythologising about plucky Britain, a jolly, victorious war and its aftermath has to stop, Brexit or not.
Perfect
The BBC confirms that a so called "No Deal" Brexit is not a big deal at all. News - WTO rules: What happens if there's a no-deal Brexit?
Finally the EU member states have realised the implication of 60M people dropping out of the EU and realising that giving #Barnier such power may not have been prudent. He has incensed many pro #EU Brits with his arrogance in negotiation - me included.
Love watching British Parliament. No Tweet storms there - just face-to-face fire. Theresa May grilled at No Confidence debate after Brexit deal defeat (LIVE) via
Mrs May keeps saying she is delivering the Brexit that people voted for but she consistently fails to provide any evidence to back up such claims. Which Leave voters has she actually asked about what they expected Brexit to look like? Spent too long trying to please her own party
Something is going on with Twitter. Just checked to see if I am shadow-banned. I am not under a shaddow ban, but my account is being suppressed worse than when I was under a shadow ban. Are they suppressing brexit accounts, that support no deal Brexit?
Nailed it. Thread
Errr ... what about ? He supports the idea of a 2nd Referendum, doesn't he ? See
Except that the producers, directors &amp; financiers of #Brexit are the same as those that put Trump in place Bannon Cambridge Analytica Putin Themes: xenophobia, nationalism, isolationism, fear, lies, bribery, threats Goal: Destabilization of US, UK, &amp; Europe Endgame: ???
So what's new - we have had "chaos, division and delay" for the past two and a half years! Let's have a #PeoplesVote
We only ever had a hard border because of Republicans, claims DUP's Sammy Wilson "and even in those circumstances we weren't able to stop them" They haven't gone away Arlene and this time ..... bfheidir go mbeidh e seo do la
We can assume that will not have red lines when negotiating Scottish independence then? Aye right!
I liked a video Nigel Farage Calls on Theresa May to Resign Amid Brexit Defeat | Good Morning Britain
“A country in turmoil, a government in crisis”... CNN #Brexit #BrexitChaos #BrexitVote
Steve Hilton: Original intent of Brexit - restoring freedom and sovereignty - buried by inept bureaucrats
#backstop deal is designed to force UK to remain as colony wanting to return to EU fold &amp; be forced to join euro, tax harmonisation, free movement, much higher budget contributions. Anything but totally leaving will force UK back down route to membership &amp; misery. Look at France!
This...... Well put
To steal someone else’s point, a referendum result of 52:48 is more of a coin-toss than a clear statement of the will of the people. The ‘simple majority’ rule in such complex questions is at best inadequate and at worst, well, see Brexit. It should never be used again.
UK’s May faces no-confidence vote after Brexit plan crushed
Tonight, the pinnacle of the BREXIT TV show, would be: Sinn Féin MP's walking backwards and dressed as Leprechauns going to Westminster and vote to support and then, the Queen, piggybacking on , would enter the house of commons and sack them all...
To be fair, government doesn't have much of a clue how to deliver on Brexit either...
Well Brexit is a turd that needs polishing. Or flushing.
Only 1 problem.... I don't want the Tories back in power for 5 more years..and certainly not labour. Let her win 2night... resign on Monday wen her 2nd deal gets voted down and get a new brexiteer leader to deliver a NO DEAL BREXIT In March. I see another coalition nxt election
If you could actually compare the "free trade deals" that Brexiters could negotiate with 3rd countries VS the "free trade deals" that EU currently ALREADY has negotiated; noone would even be discussing this bullshit. But of course, right wing wants to cut down health regulations.
Ahead of vote, UK PM May warns it would be catastrophic to halt Brexit
Oh so you’ve figured out that it’s Brexit that has caused this mess then, well if Brexit does happen I reckon life would be better under a socialist Labour Government, looking after the many, rather than the Cons, lining there own pockets &amp; appeasing the few, imho
Inducing bucolic ye olde worlde stupor as self-medicating antidote to Brexit shit storm?
Check out increases in Probate charges too...due in April....they don't want our kids to get much when we die! They want as much as they can instead! Some will have to borrow money to pay for it now! Time for major changes!
EXCL Labour official working for Jeremy Corbyn says Labour MPs calling for second Brexit vote want a Tory government #Brexit via
And the referendum was Project Fraud
Corbyn wants to be Prime Minister. It’s unlikely Conservatives will let that happen. Another country-wide vote on Brexit is more likely than a General Election.
Let's get as many people voting on this as possible, and that includes the crowd
"If the choice was EU membership or a no-deal Brexit, the poll indicated a 58 per cent to 42 per cent win for Remain." YouGov surveyed 25,537 adults online between 21 December and 4 January.
The majority of the public thinks the country is in crisis - but despite this, they do not want MPs to bring down Theresa May's government, a Sky Data poll reveals.
If people want to understand what the choices are in Brexit you need to imagine a PowerPoint presentation with three slides. 1. The current deal; facts, figures, risks 2. WTO deal; facts, figures, risks 3. May’s deal; facts, figures, risks You need to see all the deals
We really don’t need a GE ... we need some sense over #Brexit. Why won’t JC listen to or or anyone who wants to remain in theEU
Can global mobility survive the #Brexit bubble?
Do you realise any trade deal will take at least 5 yrs Brexit will go on and on and on
I'd vote for it.
We are British. We enshrined a WTO brexit provision in law. We will leave on 29/3. It is how we do things.
Great clarification on Brexit.
City chiefs call for Brexit delay after PM’s deal is rejected
The whole point of May's premiership was to deliver Brexit and subsequent events have shown that she cannot do it. This process has magnified her weaknesses as a politician. A new PM with greater flexibility and more humble leadership is needed to solve this crisis.
A CU does not deliver Brexit
I don't really watch TV, I do the Netflix thing when I want to watch things because I am not that good at sitting for very long and concentrating on things I can't interact with. Plus I'd rather feed my birds than pay a TV licence:D I'm glad people are finally waking up to Brexit
When will become the new leader of the Labour party? Asking for a friend/nation. #Brexit #PMQs #BrexitVote #brexitdebate #indyref2
I don’t believe she does want WTO Brexit it will take it if the EU don’t budge.
By anti Brexit rhetoric and domestic policies such as universal credit which I agree, causes poverty and people to become destitute and doesn’t make work pay at all.
And why the #pound is quite strong? because investors think #Brexit might not happen at all ....How about this analysis? wright or wrong ?
Opinion: Brexit likely to be Britain's greatest disaster - Barbara Wesel
I wouldn’t panic too much...his Brexit response has been abysmal and his party knows it
Hard Brexit, please. The EU will come begging to negotiate as soon as they get wind of that - not that there's anything worth negotiating about with them.
BREXIT Trading SHORT EUR/GBP @ &amp; See you there
Check out Brexit Words T Update! Available for the next over 2 years via :
Makes me think that the whole Brexit thing is an elaborate form of knock down ginger that's gone out of hand. The entire country is looking out the door wondering what's going on while David Cameron is hiding around the corner, sniggering to himself...
It took five votes of no confidence to end Callaghan there 3 things going on. The need to get rid of the Tories. The needs to stop a hard Brexit and the need to gain labour seat from the SNP and the Tories in Scotland
#voting #BrexitVote #brexitdebate #BrexitDeal #Brexit #TheresaMay #EU #UK #UnitedKingdom #VIdeo #fun LEAKED: Footage From Inside No. 10 Downing Street! via
I bet they think white men can't jump either. #brexit
Genuinely deluded
Well said Norman.
This take on #Brexit &amp; the referendum by is controversial - but it also like a bracing bucket of cold water for our MPs
May’s only path is to revoke Article 50 and ditch Brexit | Anthony Hilton
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
What you can do to help demand a Final Say on Brexit
As I saw the results of the #Brexit deal vote I thought of Putin. While the US &amp; Britain are being destabilized, Russia appears the opposite. 27 years after the dissolution of the USSR I fear that our democratic institutions &amp; global alliances are in danger
Thanks for the reply. Understand that the chart is not of vote share, it's % vote share change from 2010 to 2015. The original tweet states the the idea that there was little sentiment for a Brexit in 2015 but I feel this illustrates this wasn't the case.
What should scots be more concerned about the Brexit chaos or FM Sturgeon chaotic administration &amp; meetings with Salmond &amp; his defence lawyer prior to court case which salmond brought against Scottish government &amp; which collapsed in favour of Salmond
FTSE 100 down as investors shun 'laughing stock' UK Sent via
Beautiful example of false equivalence. Because Imperial oligarchy and a stronger welfare state are somehow equally extreme. Gtfo out of politics jkr, it's clearly not your strong suit
I still think Peter Butterworth is the one to play Jeremy Corbyn in “Carry on Brexit” if those dear, sweet people were still with us. The rest of the cast (so far) being: Kenneth Williams as Jacob Rees Mogg, Sid James as Nigel Farage and Joan Sims as Theresa May
BAB CEO Duncan Edwards will be discussing yesterday's Brexit vote and its impact on the transatlantic trade and investment relationship on Talking Business with Aaron Heslehurst ( ) shortly - tune in!
Bots are trying to sway this towards Leave.
Berwick MP: Why I voted against PM's Brexit deal Read more at:
how is brexit any different to how glastonbury is done
#Brexit = All Brits are under a huge fan=the EU membership,blowing vertically up. #Brexteers produces nonsense which like smelling fecal matter floats over due to the generated pressure. #Brexit will be turning off the fan, so everything will fall,all Brits will be dirty&amp;smelly.
A movie on the lives of Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy is playing now in London.
‘NO RENEGOTIATION’ Merkel smashes Brexit hopes and says Article 50 extension is ‘FICTION’
The Brexit vote was not a regional vote. It was a UK vote. Just sayin’...
Or you could get up to date with thw fact that national opinion on Brexit has changed - we now have a better understanding of what is truth and lies, information and misinformation. Get on board with 2019 #PeoplesVoteNow
All the talk now being that Brexit will be cancelled now and we won’t leave, I don’t think we’ll have any issues but if that figure of 70% is right, then are the EU going to turn that money away in sales and exports?
Nope I said Brexit was a threat you said that Foster a proponent is no threat.
May is a one off thank goodness. Has taken no notice of the largest defeat by any government and is ploughing on with her deal. She thinks that she is the holder of the holy grail. That only she can deliver Brexit. In total denial.
"Bankshot Hard Brexit is a systemic risk to U.S. banks" by via
Steve Hilton: Original intent of Brexit - restoring freedom and sovereignty - buried by inept bureaucrats Read this and see if you think Centralized Government and Socialism work!
As my MP, and with all that's happening with Brexit today, I’m asking you to join the discussion to bring parity of esteem to First Aid in the workplace on Thursday - a call backed by employers and the general public #WheresYourHeadAt)
I liked a video Brexit Meltdown as Theresa May is Massively Defeated on Her Crappy Deal
Fully agree
Can you please explain if HARD BREXIT is still an option? If not EU is like Hotel California- you can check out but you can never leave.
Dow surged Tuesday on China and Netflix boost, hopes of no hard Brexit and an imminent end of the US shutdown drama #news
None of the above . We want a General Election NOW!!!
I'm watching Brexit too, and experiencing the horror of Trump as an American. The past 3 yrs have been ridiculous on my anxiety disorder. As long as our Senate has Mitch McConnell as majority leader he won't hold a vote to reopen the government nor vote to indict or impeach
YOU Arlene should have been doing the deal instead Arrogant May used her brexit secretaries as handbag holders while she balls up brexit GOV/EU can't make another deal they av voted on deal end of you can't keep av more votes until you get it right it over the LAW says its WTO
That’s right Peter, and the Tower of Babel aka the House of Commons sits there like rabbits in the headlights not knowing what to do. All roads lead to Brexit, unless the babblers can agree to all alternative
..other way round old chap and you know where to stick your Brexit I hope.
they want hard Brexit, but want yo still be able to blame the EU for their own failings: "more cake, Vicar?"
Opinion: Just like the Suez crisis, Brexit humiliation is stark reminder of Britain's waning global influence
‘Respecting the result’ does not translate to respecting May’s interpretation of the result - which, clearly, commands very little respect from any quarter.
Today’s Telegraph
Bremain Vs Brexit. Truth telling.
you couldn't make it up
I believe Brexit will happen, but if it does, it will take some outstanding statesmanship to avoid Scotland and Ireland leaving the Union (and I would fully support their doing so). The Cameron/May legacy will truly be historical.
#voting #BrexitVote #brexitdebate #BrexitDeal #Brexit #TheresaMay #EU #UK #UnitedKingdom #VIdeo #fun LEAKED: Footage From Inside No. 10 Downing Street! via
Although i think brexit is a crap idea i dont want another referendum. May leaving though would be a good start. You know with elections it can be changed in 5 years amd the sooner this mob are gone the better
London house prices continue to fall as Brexit uncertainties remain
Looks like famine is looming if there’s a no deal #Brexit
Everything in heaven is in utter chaos; the situation is excellent - Theresa May
After the vote, expect a lot of things to come out of Downing Street. Waiting until after 7pm to unsettle the party completely on brexit policy.
#Brexit news is ludicrous and bewildering - and so is this Theresa May/Gollum reaction video from Andy Serkis
Brexit?
Sergey Lavrov on US marine arrest, FYROM name change, and Brexit at annual press conference
Prime Minister says general election 'will not bring Brexit solution'
That's my kind of #Brexit #breastexit ( . )( . )
Not all heroes wear capes. #LedByDonkeys
2 main issues in current politics. 1. No party represents the working class. 2. BREXIT crisis is caused by a pro EU Tory establishment who don't want to implement the people's vote we've already had.
"Corbyn needed to say what he wanted from Brexit before being invited to speak." If I'm about to poop on your desk, should you have to explain what you want to get out of it before being allowed to object?
May’s Brexit Deal Failed. What Happens Now?
tHiS iS wHy wE nEeD bReXiT
Sorry Pablo, but this is one of the dumbest comments I hear about Brexit. "You voted for it, you own it".
Disgusted to find this piece of brexit propaganda put through my letterbox today. Even more dismayed to think that there will be people falling for this pile of shit. Never setting foot into a Weatherspoons again.
Really good stuff indeed.
Brexit Meltdown as Theresa May is Massively Defeated on Her Crappy Deal via
It was never cool but this *IS* funny
Brexit: the next stage
Theresa May suffers enormous defeat over Brexit deal vote
So bad it's good: Markets see a silver lining in Brexit rejection via
I’m getting a tattoo touched up so I’ve had to explain where we are currently at with Brexit to the artists - I’m their politics expert...
What a obnoxiously horrible little man obrian is .
Can we just second referendum this shit and move on? #Brexit
FTSE 100 down as investors shun 'laughing stock' UK after Theresa May's Brexit deal defeat - Sky News
I don't quite see why May's Brexit deal couldn't be offered as an option in any Second Referendum, alongside No Deal and Remain. Many MP's voted against the deal in the name of the people. So surely the people have the right to say whether their name was taken in vain?
At some point... Seriously though, really hope the UK smartens up and cancels Brexit It's really the only sane thing to do
What a dope. The tragedy for Britain is that they don't have an opposition party aligned with the interests of the youth of the nation.
Breakdowns??? Once again leftist media on the prowl for anstory where none exists. BREXIT will happen, however thw terms of such is the discussion, which is normal.
Revoking Art50 wd B great, we just need politicians 2 have a spine 2 admit brexit was a mistake. Labour can't do it on their own but no one mentions it as an option - presumably becos all R elected representatives want Brexit even tho govt has admitted no benefit under any deal.
yeah... he's been terrible. why we've been flaming him for two years. no-deal brexit also won't happen. but those are likely the options of the upcoming referendum.
That's your opinion, and you're entitled to it. Stats and polls failed to predict Brexit or Trump. I predicted both (despite being opposed to both). I interpret stats for a living and I believe backing a 2nd referendum is key to a Labour victory. Let's agree to disagree.
Please sign and share lets save lives by stopping brexit
This is more apt than ever after last night's fiasco. Why you must avoid sounding like a politician in your marketing: #marketing #NoDeal #startup #sales #ConfidenceVote #NoConfidenceVote #NoConfidence #smallbusiness #smallbiz #politics #sme #brexit
When your stupidity and ego is larger than the British iles. All of them.
wants 2 carry on "negotiating" even though that ship has sailed, &amp; despite &gt;80% members being opposed 2 #Brexit. He is lying to himself if he really believes that, &amp; he is lying 2 you when he talks about a "jobs first Brexit." 3/
He was supporting his constituents who voted 62% in favour of brexit, unlike who voted against when Burnley voted 66% for brexit
An ever-changing story with impacts that shift as a result. How is your organization managing your #mobility population in light of the changes and developments with #Brexit?
You will not make it to 2020 as #impeachment is eminent At least your boss #Putin is happy U can enjoy the fruits of your treason IF u can stay out of #jail #ImpeachNow #PutinsPuppet #WorstPresidentEver #hamberders #TrumpRussia #Individual1 #CNNChile
The fall of British society itself. Parliament and the beeb will go.
The latter, she’s incompetent. A lot of stupid people still think Brexit is a good idea despite all evidence to the contrary but she’s getting flack because she’s trying and failing to please both sides
Need an admin supporter to save time money and cost? Contact here #
Theresa May faces confidence vote after Brexit humiliation===has been published on Vanguard News Nigeria -
The key is Tories that do not want a No Deal - if they stay with the ERG side then yes PV needs to be pushed to stop any version of Tory Brexit otherwise then the government would eventually table a motion of #RevokeArticle50 vs #NoDealBrexit Then Labour choice is easy #PMQs
Yesterday's #Brexit vote means British #creditunion priorities probably aren't going to become legislative priorities anytime soon. Great stuff from 's .
German Chancellor Angela Merkel says it's up to Britain to decide on its next steps over Brexit following the British parliament's overwhelming rejection of the draft deal of leaving the European Union.
And Putin’s fingerprints are all over it!
Deselect this Anit-brexit nob.
Angela I agree but who would take over ? Labour??
DP_RHPARDY: The president of the Confederation of British Industry, John Allan, urges politicians to come together to try to find a way out of a perilous situation. He says businesses are hugely concerned at the prospect of a no-deal #Brexit - and trading on World Trade Orga…
Again i repeat.
Interesting point. May could well lose another confidence vote in weeks if she leans towards the CU.
After May's Massive Brexit Defeat, What The Hell Happens Next? by
What happens March 30th(the day after Brexit)? 1) UK and Europe fall into chaos. 2) Trump withdraws US from NATO. 3) Putin cuts off gas to Germany. 4) Putin activates army on Ukraine border. 5) Trump declares state of emergency. 6) Trump uses new power to shut down Mueller.
Farage: What‘s Happening in Parliament a ‘Complete Betrayal‘ of Brexit via
Good advice!
Finally somebody actually put "the Mogg" on the spot:
The hidden power attempting to keep the UK in the EU. If people have nt recognised collusion and subversion to get the result overturned (using the pretence of people's vote/ soft brexit) then they must be living in a parallel universe. Keep the minions under control.
Interesting thing about this - beside the tediously predictable effort to undermine before the VONC - is that the weakness of the Lab remainers is exposed. They can only muster 1/4 of the PLP, so how do they think they can win in the Commons, never mind the country?
A cool thing about the failure of #Brexit to me is that Narendra bloody Modi isn’t lurking at the top of my twets anymore
Not a shred of accountability from this weasel. What a fucking surprise.
Because working in the interests of the people she is supposed to serve and not her fucking party, well that's just madness isn't it?
U.K. Lawmaker Proposes Bills to Prepare for Second Referendum: Brexit Update
Anyone else really fed up of all this #Brexit bollocks?!?!?
Highlight: The big things traders are talking about at the are "earnings, the government shutdown, and the latest when it comes to Brexit," says. "The uncertainty here, that’s what traders are focusing on."
Good example of cognitive dissonance No deal brexit is more likely now thus it's time to get things in order to facilitate a no deal. These people are stupid PS
Tonight, the pinnacle of the BREXIT TV show, would be: Sinn Féin MP's walking backwards and dressed as Leprechauns going to Westminster and vote to support and then, the Queen, piggybacking on , would enter the house of commons and sack them all...
We’ve been out speaking to politics students at in #Wigan to hear what they think about Brexit
CRUSHED: Theresa May‘s Brexit Deal Defeated by Record-Breaking Margin via
Brexit and no-confidence vote: Corbyn targets 'zombie government'
#Theresa #SammyWilson #BrexitChaos Summed up in one look
Putin’s investment in Trump is paying dividends. I am sure he’s very proud of himself. Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
Yes, negative remainiacs like you have been negotiating Brexit, that’s correct. Or are you so ignorant that you think Olly Robbins and Theresa May are Brexiteers? To be honest it wouldn’t surprise me if you were that misinformed.
It’s not Brexit anymore. It’s Brextinct.
British PM Theresa May should opt for no-deal Brexit: Nile Gardiner #FoxBusiness
You can talk – you've spent over a year trying to sabotage the Brexit that Leavers voted for, both in the EU Referendum and your manifesto.
Irish PM denies having secret no-deal Brexit plan for border checks
Before "democracy", the security state, the "people too dumb to know" and its subservient representatives
Business agility essential before, during and after Brexit, says industry insider
PM was running rings around Labour in debate today. Obvious to viewers, PLP seemed oblivious to what was going on. The question was where does Corbyn stand on brexit? Tories are claiming all the 2017 Lab votes were pro brexit. If that is so then Labour must pack uo and go away
Yes he rejects spying but admits supporting CCP whom the US is trading with. Not China unless Mr.Trump cut it off.
28.2% of the population did not vote in #Brexit. So the majority #TheresaMay speaks of is a lie! It’s 17,410,742 of 45,766,000 eligible voters. Which is actually 38.04% of our voting population. Which is NOT a majority #Truth #FactCheck #Politics #EU #Remain
That’s the Theresa May we know, expect the day will come when one repetitive script too many will cause TM to implode
cheers Tom.....whats your view on Brexit please?
Steve Hilton: Original intent of Brexit - restoring freedom and sovereignty - buried by inept bureaucrats #FoxNews
And this is how it starts: see Nick Boles as an example of a discraceful MP. Is this what your about to do? I think there’s clearly a crisis and it’s not Brexit it’s MP Deceit
Aside of that: The main reason why #brexit sucks is not an economical one. You are like the excentric uncle of Europe who always complains about the food at family meetings and insists on wearing cuff links for breakfast. We love you. Because you are family.
Completely irrelevant and pointless interview, you are interviewing one of the finest politicians of our generation and you start critizing him for wanting to do his job in Strasbourg while being in London doing media work at the same time, interviewer should be ashamed #brexit
How does a no-confidence motion work, and what's next for May?
The current Brexit situation reminded me of ’a decision to stop writing near-future SF.
Required reading, I'd say. Timely anyway. A Short History of Brexit by Kevin O’Rourke review – a devastating account
Also all California ballot propositions Also “Green New Deal”
What the Brexit vote could mean for sterling from The Week via
To be fair, Brexit may be a red herring here; I suspect people like this would vote for Hitler on the basis of his policies.
mee, too :(
When I explained to my Greek colleagues why I voted #Brexit they fully agreed &amp; did not realise some of our issues. They want the Greek government to help with a trade deal as the UK is their biggest trade lane.
“A country in turmoil, a government in crisis” - CNN on Britain #Brexit #BrexitChaos #BrexitVote
Well said today, in refuting swiftly and her continuous denial of reality, with her nasty reproaches of what is a tradition . should be horrified at the impact of their atrocious social, economic and Brexit policies
BBC News - Brexit uncertainty hits house purchases
Forwarders prepare for a ‘hard Brexit’ - Lloyd's Loading List
Following yesterday's vote in parliament to reject the Withdrawal Agreement, we have updated our Brext Immigration Analysis:
ICYMI- the new normal in the UK is chronic crisis.
The word Brexit hadn’t been invented
Beginning to almost look statesman like. Strange times.
Since when did Stagecoach have a license to run the Night Bus ? 'It's a shambles': the view from the country on Brexit now
I think I may have manifested Brexit. It may actually all be my fault. I am very sorry, and I offer myself willingly for public execution. Come and get me.
Very true
So Brexit without any deal, could lead to a disintegration of a "still United" Kingdom: A totally independent Ireland with conventional borders, followed by the possibility of Scotland taking the same route. What next: Wales? UK's Parliament is confronted with a Serious Dilemma.
That is the problem...but definately a brexiteer....a remainer with a remainer cabinet are hardly understanding what Brexit actually means to the people.
After Defeat on Brexit Plan, Theresa May Faces No-Confidence Vote
This was NOT #May's deal but the best deal Parliament could achieve. Parliament voted by 230 majority against their own best efforts - The ONLY 2 alternatives are WTO Deal OR a #Peoples_Vote whether 1. to Leave on Parliament's Best Efforts OR 2. Leave on WTO Terms. MPs Failed!
Get clever with this #brexit shirt I designed.
Let us pray...
Nice to hear from Dave after a good long relaxing break
Disappointed in for dodging 's question at #PMQs regarding scrapping the utterly insulting settled status fee for E.U. citizens post #Brexit. How dare you claim to have our interests at heart when you're making us pay for something we couldn't vote on.
DealBook Briefing: ‘Brexit’ Deal Fails; What’s Next for Britain?
Goffs chief Beeby slams parliament and warns of dangers of no-deal Brexit
Finally. A reality TV shoe I would watch.
No need to be rude old chap! If remainers “moan” then exactly what have eurosceptics been doing for 40 years? And now Brexiters? You may as well come to peace with it. Meanwhile, fascists are using our flag to push a disastrous Brexit. That’s worth fighting.
Not sure if Brexit is indeed a Stairway to heaven, but I do like the appearance of "May queen" in the lyrics.
PM May just said that a new election would mean “extending Article 50 and delaying Brexit for who knows how long?” I guess that means I’m in favor of a new election because Brexit needs be stopped.
Seriously though, if brexit is reversed or overturned, do you not see the implications, about what else, any future Parliament could force on the people.
Here , we don't like getting all political but in honour of the #brexit debacle we're going to add a new cake recipe to the site this weekend. We recommend serving it 'mode a la #brexit' style
Interesting takes. Brexit vote: European 'surprise' at scale of defeat
...for all of two months. Then you’ll be out of a job.
The Brexit
Why should I respect someone saying that " NoDeal Brexit is the ONLY acceptable Brexit"? Where is the respect of that persons views 4 leave voters that dont want that, or remainers because we know that it will b economically devastating for this country. v ignorant of the facts!
This lady talks sense
Maybe we should get tough and just do it and never mind everyone else. Oh for a Cromwell
While everyone is still recovering from/celebrating the result of the #Brexit vote, why not use the time to read yet another article from our newest #HardTimesMagazine, issue 101 titled #ReturnOfPolitics. In her article, Anke Bartels is looking at Brexit on Screen and Stage (1/2)
It will be a hard Brexit bcs that is what the conspirators wanted to do from the start, to destroy the UK and get rich, like vultures. All this time up to now this was English humbug “Among the Potato Eaters. An Exiled Spanish Scientist looks at Britain”
Steve Hilton: Original intent of Brexit - restoring freedom and sovereignty - buried by inept bureaucrats
Second Brexit referendum looks more likely than ever
I understand nothing about brexit and at this point I’m too embarrassed to ask
You would think this can only be true if there is an actual #Brexit dear editor?
Very good speech from Gerard Batten in the EU Parliament.
The ones on the 5 live Brexit Broadcasting Corporation each day appear to be.
Can you explain what *was* voted for? No two leavers seem to be able to agree on what their brexit is
"And here comes the affectedly shambling figure of Boris Johnson – not so much a statesman as an Oxfam donation bag torn open by a fox..."
We should discount all results on Brexit from Wales. #FACT
The people got the referendum right. its the Brexit elected frauds in parliament that are the problem.
People think the U.K. could survive a no deal brexit but people literally called the police because KFC ran out of chicken #Brexit
again....
What other vote on whether we should leave? Where did you get this other vote from? What does this have to do with some people not getting the Brexit they voted for based on the promises they were made?
A no confidence vote in a People's Vote.
The Labour plans to renegotiate once again but the EU won't let the process get anymore delayed. Plus, the Labour was kinda smart for centering the campaign of the Snap General elections around domestic issues &amp; not Brexit
If this bill on people’s vote fails to pass next Monday (21st), then there will likely be no extension to AR50. Only Options, No deal, or No Brexit.
That probably means that he believes France would be the biggest loser #LeaveMeansLeave
Theresa May's Brexit deal has been defeated. Now, to stop a No Deal Brexit, we need more time. I’ve signed the emergency petition calling for Article 50 to be extended or withdrawn. You can sign it, and sign up to hear more from , here:
Nah, Brexit means Brexit. (just kidding, I just wanted to say that for no reason, it doesn't make sense in the context, at all)
Now that's a good idea.
problem is I dont see just a permanent customs union being the thing that lets labour vote for a deal. it will never be their brexit, so why vote for it. day by day we are going to exclude all the options until no deal or a form of no brexit is left. Of that Im now sure.
'EU will bite our arms off' Farage REVEALS brilliant plan to secure Brexit in 48 HOURS
Some gall to post this after the biggest defeat in living memory last night.
WATCH: I just took on the PM in the no confidence debate - not on #Brexit but on her appalling record on #police cuts + crime! Lots of reasons to remove this Tory Government! #GeneralElectionNow
Refreshing from a politician
Theresa May's Brexit deal - Only Fools and Horses version via
Also, what they have uncovered Bank's &amp; his lot during normal journalism? Would suggest more is known about who, what, where &amp; when.
Mentioning either Brexit or Trump to me without a very good reason. #ThingsThatAreBadForYourHealth
'The obscure law that could save us from Brexit'
Who can spare us from this Brexit disaster? | Coffee House
You're right, it's a concern and it's already happening:
I regret v much to say, that in the view of many is quite obviously a Brexiter. I have heard virtually nothing from him about the corruption of the EU Ref or the economic damage of Brexit. We expected better from arguably the country’s top political/economic commentator
prospect to conservative MPs than a government ran by elmo and the cast of sesame street. and that is good. this is a good thing. people who want a leader that can compromise with conservative MPs purely to stop brexit are short-sighted. a blairite PM today does nothing tomorrow.
For my friends from the US who have been asking what is happening here in the U.K., this seems to me to be the most incisive analysis available.
City chiefs call for Brexit delay after PM’s deal is rejected
Looks like Famine is looming if there’s a “no deal” #Brexit
The reason the impass will continue #stalemate
Is it too soon to hope?
LIVE NOW: A look at the consequences for the Republic of Ireland should the UK be forced to Brexit without a plan in place.
#Brexit: "The question we face is whether there can be a durable relationship between Brexit Britain and the EU"
No. It is to confront reality. Soft Brexit was my preference from 24/6/16
Not entirely sure what's happening with #Brexit? (We're confused too.) But can tell us how it all began with the EU, back in '75:
Steve Hilton: Original intent of Brexit - restoring freedom and sovereignty - buried by inept bureaucrats #FoxNews
Ian Blackford needs to seek the services of a mental health professional, this is painful to watch. #snp #Brexit
GBPUSD initial move is lower after May's Brexit defeat.
‘Division will reign supreme’: Funds industry on the quashed Brexit deal
Breaking: Parliament votes down PM May's Brexit deal, GBP/USD volatile around 1.27
#PMQs How long do we have to put up with this awful PM who is failing to unite people or our country? Parliament must act ,the will of the people does not exist from 2016. People want change and they do not want this Brexit mess or disaster of deal chaos.
Why Brexit is a living hell for Jeremy Corbyn... not just Theresa May
Here’s what could happen next after Theresa May’s crushing Brexit defeat
You don’t get the sense watching #PMQ’s that many of these people realize that they’re a few weeks away from careening into a No Deal Brexit.
SMEs very concerned about refusal of Brexit agreement
When i think of all you sad Brexit people. If only you stopped to think. #travel #Brexit #europe
Watching James O’Brien eviscerate Jabob Rees Mogg’s disingenuous and frankly dangerously mendacious arguments for leaving the EU is compelling and enlightening. He deserves a knighthood for services to the country. Take note BBC: this is what speaking Truth to Power looks like.
World prepares for no-deal Brexit
A No deal Brexit will simply not happen. Time to get Cameron's renegotiation on the table and revoke Article 50, Mr Tugendhat. There is not point whatsoever in staying the CU and a quasi-SM with no seat, say or vote. Don't do that to the country
No surprise there...
Pound will remain volatile after Brexit delay hope sparks rebound, says Carney
City chiefs call for Brexit delay after PM’s deal is rejected
Me too. But they do it cos it's cheap and easy to produce. And easy for dumb listeners to digest.
Hey Ian, I played around with the language surrounding Brexit in this poem; though you might enjoy this. Feel free to share x
T.May is determined to consult cross parties to reach a consensus on Brexit that the house can approve, as long as that consensus agrees with May's unmovable red lines. The contempt she holds for other's views is astonishing. May is the problem not the solution to Brexit.
Why Brexit is a living hell for Jeremy Corbyn... not just Theresa May The Telegraph
Great Speaker of House of Commons John Bercow highlights from #brexit #vote #bercow
PM HAS JUST TOLD JEWS THEY WILL BE PERSECUTED AND HAVE TO FLEE UNDER JEREMY CORBYN. THIS IS CALLING HIM NAZI. I AM AFRAID BREXIT WILL CAUSE MORE XENOPHOBIA. I DO NOT WANT TO BE FORCED TO MOVE WHERE I DO NOT WANT OR HAVE TO STAY WHERE I DO NOT WANT. FRIGHTENING
UK has 39B &amp; trade deficit of 93B. We can cushion our departure. EU needs UK £. They'll be hit hard if they don't negotiate. pls stop selling us down the river your inability makes us look docile as a country. we can do well under WTO
Yes she should, but she is a weak monarch, has no backbone, just enjoys the pompous luxury of the life style she was born into !
thinks she has "the confidence of the country" in her Brexit deal. May I ask which country she's talking about?
Brexit speak sounds like English but always means the opposite. Also rabid Brexiters don't listen to what they themselves are saying. Brexit's been the catalyst disclosing hitherto almost incredible lunacy, spite, fear and hatreds in the UK. Stop it now to end the chaos.
No way. By not accepting the result of the first one, she and people like her are responsible for the unholy mess we're in now. They'll be an even worse shambles after another referendum. The YELLOW vests will be out on the streets in force.
#Brexit failed ???? Now what ???
So Barnier hints at flexibility, if we accept a softer Brexit. German car makers are up arms about a WTO departure. The pressure is starting to work, at last; now is the time to turn up the heat, not give in yet!!
"The YouGov poll shows reveals that if the choice was to remain in the EU or leave under the terms of Ms May’s deal negotiated by the government, the result would be 63 per cent to 37 per cent in favour of staying tied to Brussels."
I'm here for Scotland's sassiness! #Brexit #NoConfidence
so then as per the legal stance under ART50 ... it has to be No Deal and WTO rules please ......
this is mad. We can, for another 70 days, #RevokeArticle50 and keep our current deal. That is, given the impasse, the lack of vision, let alone a realistic vision for any kind of Brexit, the ONLY option. The faster we #RevokeRemainRebuild, the faster we stop waste &amp; destruction
What happens now Theresa May's Brexit deal has been defeated?
Daughter persuaded me to buy these yesterday and I'm going to stock up before Brexit sucks all the joy out of life and leaves people to die from a lack of medicine. They are little bites of perfection.
#Newsflash: Brexit IS the disaster. Vote, again. This time, with everyone knowing what's at stake and without Russian interference. Opinion | Britain is left without a #Brexit plan. It’s headed toward disaster.
Remember Vince - we were asked to vote in 2016 - leave or remain, no conditions were ever ever mentioned #NoDealBrexitBrexit #brexit #willofthepeople #getonwithit
Brexit feels like old white people that want to have their cake and eat it too
Today's M.A. What a load of Tosh, prices will drop by 17% when we don't have to pay 3rd country tariffs for non EU produce. you don't have a clue about #Brexit under WTO terms
LRB: RT jamiemartin2: The Bank of England is one of the most powerful institutions on earth. My piece on its 325-year history, from the Glorious Revolution to Brexit, in the LRB:
There is no any good #Brexit
Brexit
Direct democracy and referendums are good for local/state measures, it is downright horrible for national issues. Brexit is a fine example, how alt-right idiots destroyed the country
If the vote was 90/10 then she'd have a point. 52/48 could only mean a soft Brexit.
Reuters | Brexit campaigner Nigel Farage said he thought Britain...
Hilarious moment two Welsh men get into a heated row over Brexit
Five players who could be forced back to Premier League with no deal Brexit
No, but I don't have confidence that *any* government could function in this environment. Brexit has broken our entire political system, and will break any government that touches it.
What rubbish! When #Article50 was activated, it was assumed that we would be able to reach an acceptable agreement with the EU. A no deal #Brexit was never a consideration. It was only JRM and his ERG pals who were working towards a no deal. #PeoplesVote
I thought this was a motion of #noconfidence in the Tory government, May makes it sound like a motion against the opposition. Instead of defending her own inadequacies and incompetence, she’s attacking Corbin. #brexit #brexitchaos
That’s this evening’s topical TV snack whilst goggling at ongoing Westminster shenanigans sorted then... #brexit #egg #ConfidenceVote #voteofnoconfidence #politics #snack
Professor Michael Arthur, UCL President &amp; Provost addresses EU staff and students in light of Parliament voting against the Government’s proposed Brexit deal on 15 January 2019.
EU and UK are nearing a 'no deal' Brexit neither want: Moscovici
Putin, racism, &amp; Russian bots brought Brexit to Britain. Putin, racism, and Russian bots brought MAGA to America. Given May's stunning defeat yesterday, hopefully the tide is turning against Putin and his lovers in the .
Watching live, a group of children, pathetic disappointing! #Brexit
Surely if Brexit is the will of the people still it will just win again? What are you worried about?
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
Please dear God no. is awful but is a true danger to everything. Promising golden chickens, active friend to known terrorists and one of the most deceptive people in politics which is truly saying something #Brexit #brexitdebate
Theresa May faces no confidence vote after historic Brexit defeat
oh look no problems with trade on WTO with the tunnel. All those WTO containers clearing in 0-6 seconds on average.
My TL today: Brexit Theresa May Brexit Jeremy Corbyn More Brexit More Jeremy Corbyn Deal No deal More Theresa May Brexit Misc shite More Brexit Arlene Foster More Brexit People's vote Even more Theresa May And so on and so forth! #enoughalready
I’m finally going through the replies to this tweet and they’re so funny but sad at the same time
New post (What the front pages say: May's Brexit deal 'dead as a dodo') has been published on The IslamPoint -
In light of current #Brexit difficulties with definitions, you might be interested in my short story "Differential Equations" for Mechanics Institute Review, where extra-terrestrial life tries to grapple with our concepts of Nation, Sovereignty &amp; Identity
Thank you for the email from Justin. I appreciate we are about to enter uncharted territory with Brexit, but as a Brexiteer, I firmly believe optimism is paramount these days; the language used in the email didn't support this - disappointing.
......plan C.....plan D
Brexit Clock Tick Tock
‘No deal’ must be ruled out, urges Business West, as it warns of rising anger among firms over Brexit
What a strange spell Fate has cast over #Parliament &amp; the #brexit process to align all these stars at the same crucial time in our Nation's history: Tories led by an incompetent, Labour led by an incompetent, LibDems, PC, Greens all irrelevant, SNP in meltdown, DUP in control ...
Your timely reminder that Labour's #Brexit policy is flawed, essentially meaningless &amp; lets Corbyn do whatever he wants. He is in no way compelled to follow through to a #PeoplesVote, the policy is a stitch up
did no better when they did not use their Vote or Voice to make a difference for unborn babies lives. #VoteThemOut #Brexit #abstain #Peaceful7
Opinion | Britain is left without a Brexit plan. It’s headed toward disaster.
MP majority is prob'y ok 4 WA's 2yr transition stage,prob is with th thereafter.Instead of precipitous decisions or meh A50extension;might as well c if EU will agree 2 standalone transition:-buffers Biz&amp;Ireland,gets uncoupling underway,FR can unfold less antagonistically #brexit
It's been a busy day for our Senior Politics Lecturer Dr Mark Garnett, as he explains the #Brexit and #NoConfidenceVote He started out speaking to 's Kevin Fernihough about the situation. Listen from 14 mins in:
Since when have politicians believed in honesty?
Brexit #ThingsThatAreBadForYourHealth
Well done sir (will admit I was starting to shout "BUT WE ALREADY HAVE THAT" by #4)
The alternative is to implement Brexit. That is what the government and the legislature need to Do.
$GBPUSD Technical Analysis: Cable hugs 1.2850 as #Brexit uncertainties unfold
Letter to #May, your deal failed, it fell on its face. You could have held cross-party talks two years ago. Even after such a resounding drubbing, you still can’t see it; compromise. Your red, white and blue #Brexit is dead (whatever that was).
I would rather have Brexit under the Labour party than this mess of a party leading our country right now.
HISTORY
Well reasoned and well worth reading. Be very clear what outrages a no deal Brexit would soon lead to. Who wins with Brexit? by Chris Le Carlin
The latest A whisper of wisdom ! #brexit #sisi
The latest La #Politica dei #Politici! Thanks to #brexit #europa
‘NO RENEGOTIATION’ Merkel smashes Brexit hopes and says Article 50 extension is ‘FICTION’
The latest The Scarebaby Daily! Thanks to #noh8 #brexit
Pro-EU UK Conservative lawmaker puts forward legislation for second Brexit referendum
dont often see you but watching all this Brexit fall out on my tablet just wanted to say how good you are at presenting.
BBC News - Brexit and no-confidence vote: Corbyn targets 'zombie government'
Kenneth Clark, Anna Soubry, Chuka Umunna and even mayor Khan, have made it clear that they do not care what people vote for Before there's even talk of a People's Vote, they and 400 MPs must resign &amp; be replaced with people who can be trusted, the current crop are untrustworthy
Do any of the remainers have any idea how significant this is and why the spin is on getting us to stay and basically keep the EU afloat. I only hope they start to open their eyes. Follow the money.
I too would love to see the Absolute Boy do it, but after how the EU did Syriza/Greece, what exactly convinces Labour that they can force a better Brexit deal from the gremlins in Brussels
&amp; are back on our Youtube channel discussing the European political landscape in 2019- from election interference to GDPR and the rise of populism (plus, a little bit of Brexit prediction...) All th…
As if she can appease the DUP who want to remove the backstop from the text of the WA. Pointless.
No bigger cunt in parliament than him
Our Trader Homework series provides key #trading theory, history &amp; analysis for traders to swot up on in their spare time. And it feels particularly apt today to draw your attention to our history of the Euro... #traderlife #brexit
Paddington
"Britain’s cultish devotion to its past so warps its present that you might be forgiven for thinking that Winston Churchill was still alive and editing The Spectator." via
Instead of this constant bickering about whether or not to hold a second #Referendum, why not let the people decide and have a referendum about whether or not to have a #SecondReferendum? Is that idea any less stupid than anything coming out of parliament? #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Theresa May is running out of options and allies as she tries to revive her Brexit deal after it was dealt a possible knockout blow by MPs, writes
Outside parties wanted to influence British voters to create the chaos we are seeing right now with #Brexit. Even absent the argument that the British people are not getting what the Leave camp promised, there is reason to hold a #PeoplesVote.
Agree, but all the problems, challenges and injustices will be made worse by Brexit. It's difficult to separate the two right now. If we stop Brexit, we can focus on fixing the problems, Otherwise the next few years will just be about fixing Brexit-made issues as they arise.
INSET: Brexit confidence vote in London #BusinessNightly
BBC News - Alternative ways to break #Brexit deadlock - I like the idea of the citizen's assembly
Honestly, it *really* is.
Yes, at least Marmalade Mussolini only gets one more term. Brexit could take ages to reverse if it happens. #FBPE
If I was a conservative SPAD this is how I think I'd be thinking, too.
France facing serious shortage of customs brokerage staff ahead of Brexit - Lloyd's Loading List
Why would I watch??? Last time I heard he can’t lead his own country!!!!!!!!
british parliament can’t get down to brexit while the us isolationist funkadelic writhes maniacally on the senate floor
There are times when Unionist politicians inadvertently make a good case for Scottish independence without realising it. Michael Gove (re Brexit): “The day after we vote to leave, we hold all the cards and we can choose the path we want.”
Is Brexit depression a thing? It is, isn't it? I mean, it must be, because I feel that's what I have... #brexshit #neverendinghell #breakdowntriggers
"If the choice was EU membership or a no-deal Brexit, the poll indicated a 58 per cent to 42 per cent win for Remain." YouGov surveyed 25,537 adults online between 21 December and 4 January.
I particularly like this comment: This messy, unpopular deal, the most unpopular government policy that anybody can remember, was produced by a political class that turned out to be ignorant — about Europe, Europeans, trade arrangements, institutions — 1/2
I’m determined that Brexit doesn’t dominate EVERYTHING we do and was delighted to meet Duncan at an event to call for greater awareness of Cerebal Palsy. I was also pleased to sign the charter
Putin is now reaping rewards for using his secret weapon against the Cold War Allies. Leverage the vast quantities of idiots in both the UK &amp; US to vote for Brexit &amp; Trump. Only a Nuclear attack could have done this much damage
DealBook Briefing: ‘Brexit’ Deal Fails; What’s Next for Britain?
Instead of arguing about what to do about Brexit, Parliament is now arguing about the financial crisis of 12 years ago. We're in great hands.
Not really surprising - I would imagine and haven’t had a call from Rafa Benitez either! #nufc #brexit
brexit or not?!
Right, we have a solution to the Brexit issue... A live televised edition of Jeux Sans Frontieres ( International It's a Knockout!). Countries to be represented by politicians. It's a winner and think of TV ratings across Europe Jeux Sans Frontières
The EU care about UK citizens' rights about as much they care about Spanish and Catalan citizens' rights - only if they serve the purposes of the EU project.
could do with some 'also in the news' type news today, its draining to listen to people whinging about razors, veganism, brexit, liverpool winning the league etc. you need to smash up another housing estate in your hot air balloon again
Fuck #Brexit. This!!! :)
Good on #c4news for exposing that charlatan. He is a servant of the elites. It was the elites that organised #Brexit, with a little help from Putin's trolls.
How so? Its easy to place the blame on someone than to fix the underlying problems. Did Putin have a hand in the 2016 election. Yes. Brexit? Unless he voted for those 52% and have hijacked UK Parliament, I think not. Let's be intelligent here.
Corbyn's plan is Brexit -- the harder, the better.
"It's a clear majority but not a big majority." This is an elected MP, in Parliament. We didn't elected people into office when it came to the referendum, it was a NATIONAL VOTE. #Brexit #BrexitVote
Brexit Vote Disaster: No Matter What Happens Politically, Britain Must Leave The EU via
Observation from my Canadian distance and ignorance: About the #Brexit sad disarray, isn't it about time #TheQueen had a say? It's her #Parliament and #UK is her country isn't it? After all, what do each of the letters in "UK" mean?
The crazy thing is pro #Brexiters are still thinking that Brexit is about getting back control to UK Parliament. An organisation that from it's very set up; was to prevent UK Citizens having a say in anything (History proves this). Even with Labour there; it's still the same.
The shear effrontery of this Politician is beyond understanding. He has backed a 2016 referendum sold by deception &amp; lying in Public Office saying it's the ppl 'Will' while ignoring changing public opinion suggesting Brexit should be stopped
Farage: What's Happening in Parliament a 'Complete Betrayal' of Brexit via
Perhaps we should comment using archaic language for his understanding Jacob Rees-Mogg is a Eurosceptic and among the architects of two wasted years of Brexit stupidity He is condoning those deceivers
Varadkar accused of 'not telling the truth' over no-deal BREXIT plans
Here’s another one, the country is in a mess, as divided as it’s been in my lifetime, but they see fit to celebrate and pat themselves on the back, They’re alright, they couldn’t give a flying one about the rest of us #pigsandtroughs
Nigel (do as I say, not as I do) Farage has lost all credibility in my eyes! His hypocrisy knows no bounds! Describing all of those taking part in the Brexit Means Exit Rally in London, 9th Dec, as “Skinheads, drunks, extremists, football thugs, etc” was just pathetic! VOTE UKIP
The World is watching in amazement at the stupidity of Brexit If Brexit is allowed Britain will decline in respect and success yet further How come this once great Nation has stopped so low&gt;?
On the day the UK faces #Brexit chaos &amp; 61% of people think the UK is in crisis via #SkyDataPoll it is the anniversary of the Scottish Parliament voting for the Treaty of Union in 1707 by 110 to 69 votes. Union that is UK never looked more divided &amp; weak.
The EU refused to grant Cameron an "emergency brake" on migration. Vetoed by Merkel and Eastern European nations. This failure was used by the Brexit side during the Brexit campaign. The terms "pretty pathetic" and "not serious" are obviously my own (qualified) views.
That and the fact that their clients are often globalists who leave no stone unturned in their quest to eliminate the normal, traditional, gender-based, white, western family. They want a post-democratic NWO with a population of brainwashed useful idiots.
But she never wanted Brexit to begin with. When she took over from Cameron was it, yena bekayi oppose-a and now the same people who convinced her otherwise sebamujikele.
Brexit: Article 50 extension not necessary – DUP’s Dodds #PMQs
8. NOW STOP PISSING AROUND AND GET ON WITH THE POLITICAL PLEDGE THAT IS BREXIT BY MARCH 2019. Ta very much in anticipation. Otherwise the French yellow jackets may be adopted in UK in order to protect and safeguard UK democracy threats from self-serving egotistic MPs (&amp; Speaker).
Britain and the US is in turmoil... because of nationalist and separatist politics Brexit America First What did they say abt karma?
England: “Leave” beat “Remain” by a 52-48 margin in June, 2016. The major parties all said they’d respect the results and move ahead with Brexit. They didn't! US The people said they wanted a WALL and voted in a POTUS to get one. The politicians said NO and shut down the gov!
is facing yet another vote of confidence, tabled from the and It's expected she will win, as the DUP and most of the conservatives likely to back her. Results expected around 7pm tonight. #Brexit #pmqs #bbcpapers #VoteofConfidence #bbclive
#BREXIT advice from the Spanish government. To assist expats living in Spain the Spanish government launched a new, dedicated section on the Moncloa website for individuals and businesses on how to prepare. See here
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
I was at the point of smashing my telly in, had to stop watching. Gone to my brexit free backstop, B/W films .
How about 4 options? a) Hard Brexit with no deal; b) May's deal inc. WA; c) EEA inc. WA and d) Remain in EU with seat at table. Leave will then need to give up on 'Leave means Leave' and campaign to convince leave voters to group around a single option to beat remain.
Funny
He wants to win AFTER Brexit so he can blame the Tories for it. That’s the long game and it’s a tragedy.
REAL REASON FOR FAKE NEWS TATICS OF #Brexit , , SAKE OF INDUSTRIAL DATA FRAUD coverup..
A 'no deal' Brexit is best for Britain and the United States #FoxNews
Not all of us born in the 40’s &amp; 50’s are that stupid or blind, many of us are well educated &amp; know what #Brexit will do to this country. We are trying to fight hard for the children &amp; grandkids future
China hopes for a steady #Brexit process: FM spokesperson
She is a Maybot who serves those in EU and those behind it otherwise she could never have accepted any of the EU's bully boy tactics. They are unelected and she had 17.4m votes behind her. She has been put there to screw Brexit. Only way to go is Leave the way we came in on WTO
well here you go the arrogance showing through despite loosing the vote on her deal. she is only interested in herself
Exactly how is a democratic referendum a betrayal? All those leave voters will get to vote again, and they can still vote leave should they want to. Maybe you think the electorate has decided it won't want brexit after all, in which case it would be democratic to stop it.
It seems to me the claims made about how good the UK's post-Brexit deal would be by Gove, Fox, Davis, Johnson, Redwood, Lilley et al were deliberate lies. They needed peoples' votes. If they'd said they wanted a No Deal Brexit, they'd have lost the referendum, so they lied.
Former Brexit Secretary Dominic Raab: "It's a bad deal and Britain can d... via
Well one if the villains of Brexit was defeated last night so soon maybe lol
At last... I find another person who ‘gets it’... I’m not alone! #PeoplesVote is #Democracy in action
Which barb do you think will hurt more? That Jacob R-M is 'plain wrong' or that his suit is only 'moderately well cut'? Ouch. Perhaps Brexit should be resolved by a showdown between tailors...
May, I suggest, no ego, step back, let go, you're hurting yourself ... and us! #pmqs #Brexit
how can a 2nd Ref change anything? What would the question be and what happens if the result is leave again? We will either be back where we are now or we scrap Brexit. Scrap Brexit is what you want but unlikely to be a clear result and Leavers will want best of 3
One way to distract yourself from this Brexit mess, come get messy and help us celebrate our 2nd birthday on 7th Feb
Join Free To Watch The Video!!! Kidnapping Miyabi Click link : #2009vs2019challenge #Spiderman #spidermanTH #Venom #Movies #Gillete #TuesdayThoughts #NationalHatDay #Girl #GilletteAd #TheFlash #Brexit #SDLive #BBB19 #Videos #bbb2019 #WayVisCOMING
MPs should probably be banned from using the word 'Brexit' until this is all settled. It's a hiding place from the kind of precise, specific argument needed to sort out this mess.
this would be so much better if he ran off like phoebe from friends
Did Theresa have 10 pints last night and wake up this morning with no recollection of last night's result...
Labour MP repeatedly refused to say on LBC radio that Jeremy Corbyn led government would be good for the country. For 3 years she has tried to undermine Corbyn. Her CLP must hold confidence vote to decide whether she is doing a good job.
The French port of Dunkirk is in negotiations with major North Sea ferry operators over the provision of post-Brexit services connecting the European mainland with the UK
Labour MP repeatedly refused to say on LBC radio that Jeremy Corbyn led government would be good for the country. For 3 years she has tried to undermine Corbyn. Her CLP must hold confidence vote to decide whether she is doing a good job.
Hardly by a massive margin though was it! In any case, anti-unionism and independence movements across the Celtic countries far predate the Brexit shitshow.
its what 335000 people who have signed the Petition want .....
Honestly what a prick
A cool thing about #Brexit on a personal note is that Narendra Modi is no longer lurking at the top of my twets
Brexit chaos makes me yearn for the simpler days of recession, credit crunch and Rock ‘n’ Roll bailiffs
As of today #UK has wasted 5.5% of its total membership time in #EU trying to get out. UK now has 0.4 % of EU membership time left. (73 days) 1.1 1973 - 16.01.2019=168170 days 23.06.2016-16.01=2019=938 days #Brexit #EU #UK #PeoplesVote #eumember
Dream On ! Brexit OFF or Nothing !
Pushing for a 2nd referendum now means that May chooses the question(s). She’s said there will be no remain so the choice would be between her Brexit &amp; a no deal Brexit.
Because he’s never challenged May on her unfailing tendency to support her own hard Brexit wing. I know he voted remain - but his behaviour ever since has been bizarre in light of that. He’s also never championed FoM, and at every turn has supported Brexit going ahead.
Just catching up on the latest #brexit shitspasm. I send this song from the safe bosom of Canada easterly to my friends in the U.K. Some of the lyrics seem ... appropriate.
#Islam #Brexit #AFD #London Muhammad the Slave Owner and Trader
It's official: A cabbie said so.. via #Brexit
What is Brexit is a fantasy where the UK got everything they wanted as if they were in the position to bully the EU.
Join Free To Watch The Video!!! Kidnapping Miyabi Click link : #2009vs2019challenge #Spiderman #spidermanTH #Venom #Movies #Gillete #TuesdayThoughts #NationalHatDay #Girl #GilletteAd #TheFlash #Brexit #SDLive #BBB19 #Videos #bbb2019 #WayVisCOMING
"Take a second look, May urges MPs before Brexit vote" -
Check out Brexit Words T Update! Available for the next over 2 years via :
From the article: "Proposing new legislation, just before MPs began debating a no-confidence motion in the government over Brexit, Vicky Ford said it was a "key issue"" -&gt; This is new legislation proposed by an MP, not the EU "forcing us to do stuff", in any way, shape or form.
fred, its been 2 and half years, you cant magic that reality away :) leave promised people things that were not an option. let the people say if they still want the reality of brexit, i know you cant be against that
Yes, got it #UpsideDown
Still not convinced that it's possible to have a left wing Brexit, or Lexit, when it will cut workers' rights even future, force wages down and put the most vulnerable at risk. The EU isn't perfect, but Socialists working together across Europe can and have achieved so much.
#Gold holds steady ahead of British no-confidence vote
The latest The BBEMPIRE Daily! #paid #brexit
'Mike' said that Corbyn hasn't done much wrong, I provided two examples to suggest otherwise (voter faith in him, and Brexit criminality). Do you have anything relevant to contribute, or are you intent on changing the subject?
No matter how this British drama ends, the damage will remain, says #Brexit
Is a surge in #AEO applications a sign of #UKbiz preparing for #Brexit? Here's what we're doing to help business get it:
It's strategie, the elite don't want a brexit.....is will not happen in the end...
Airbus confirms it will close its Filton site in the event of Tory no Deal Brexit - that’s 4,500 workers sacrificed on the altar of extremist politics. We deserve so much better.
As in. They are adamant to oppose anything to do with Brexit
There is only ONE thing wrong with Labour right now. It's intransigence in the no U Turn to REMAIN, NOT BREXIT ... So no opposition at all. DECLARE A REFERENDUM OPPORTUNITY will backed by a Labour Administration wanting to REMAIN. Otherwise we all lose &amp; u are the architects too
I will be sad if Brexit day is moved to July. It would be complicated to have the rules change a few weeks after I arrive, and getting a moving van in the Tunnel at that time sounds like a bit of a nightmare too
Setting red lines Vincent??!
As the article say, no legislation has even been tabled yet, and it can’t be completed before 29th March. A No Deal Brexit would mean chaos.
Join Free To Watch The Video!!! Kidnapping Miyabi Click link : #2009vs2019challenge #Spiderman #spidermanTH #Venom #Movies #Gillete #TuesdayThoughts #NationalHatDay #Girl #GilletteAd #TheFlash #Brexit #SDLive #BBB19 #Videos #bbb2019 #WayVisCOMING
If you can keeping privacy and policy with righteousness of god for peace and prosperity for changing wrongs politics and bringing peace to world peace first accepting brexit but if you can't forget brexit because share is everything before righteousness
It’s all self interest that’s why none of the party’s will vote itself out of government - but they will all fuck about making brexit the biggest disaster in uk modern history
"All that is left is to give Brexit, RIP, a decent burial, and for Britain to realise that it isn’t big enough to get what it wants"
It's clear that Farage is one of the elite. He stands to massively benefit from Brexit while the ordinary people of this country suffer.
My personal opinion is the original referendum and decision to leave is stale based on new information. Hopefully the Irish border issue and failure of this deal showing how difficult a deal is will pave the way for it to be acceptable to find a means to reverse Brexit.
China hopes for a steady #Brexit process: FM spokesperson
Brexit bedlam: May's EU divorce deal crushed by 230 votes in...
#Brexit Update: England Now Adrift In Atlantic Ocean, Could Bump Into Newfoundland By 2021
Seems like he's just taking advantage of the dissent to try to get his party into government, rather than because he believes he can serve the public by sorting out the Brexit mess, which quite frankly is all I'm interested in our politicians doing right now
Lovely feeling to have finished my big Brexit article for this week's Church Times, in the knowledge that it is already out of date
Second Brexit referendum looks more likely than ever
#Brexit = All Brits are under a huge fan=the EU membership,blowing vertically up. #Brexteers produces nonsense which like smelling fecal matter floats over due to the generated pressure. #Brexit will be turning off the fan, so everything will fall,all Brits will be dirty&amp;smelly.
As expected. Brexit was, and is, driven entirely by English, white, shires. Irish, Scots, cities were, and are, Remain. (Wales about 50-50.) Few have changed their minds. What has changed is the demographic: old, Leave, people dead, youngsters, Remain, joining the electoral roll.
‘The time for little games is now over’: How Europe has reacted to historic Brexit vote
Hi Would you be able to provide your workings and back up for your claim that 10% Scots will pay 6.4% more for food after Brexit? Thanks so much
Why wasn’t anyone correcting May when she said the British people knew what they were voting for. NO they didn’t! Brexit was whatever leave wanted it to be. That whole argument about people knew and hence we must deliver doesn’t stack up.
This is how I see it...but also believe no deal means no BREXIT...so one and the same eh?
A second referendum can only deliver a meaningful result when there is no longer any doubt what #Brexit is. If we had one now both #Deal &amp; #NoDeal advocates would insist their side had won it, and without one of them dropping out they quite possibly could.
Never mind Tory votes. They aren’t even appealing to Lib Dems
A customs union is just Remain. It would spell the end of the Tory Party
My british friends are lovely people and don't deserve this stress and uncertainly but honestly lmfao the British government as an institution can take a long walk off a short pier it's very entertaining watching the Tories combust tbh.
FTSE 100 Lower Post Brexit Vote #marketnews #trading #investing #AGORA #AGORAdirectWeekly
Q. Why Asian and African independent nations don't want to avenge the colonial rule of Britain. A. Britain got Tories for self goals. #Brexit #BrexitVote #BrexitDeal #Tories
I wonder if 62% of the people of Folkestone &amp; Hythe will be happy to accept their county becoming a truck park so long as they get #Brexit?
DUP says Mrs May can stay but tge backstop must go. #Brexit
"My deal delivers the Brexit people voted for, a country that works for everyone, a fairer Britain" But Mrs May we voted leave, not for a deal "My deal delivers a country that works for everyone, their will, delivers, delivers, everyone's will, fairer" NURSE PLEASE COME QUICKLY
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
Brexit is the path to civil war The presentations this afternoon by HM leader of the opposition and HM government serve no purpose other than to make that path easier. There is a sense of infallibility that both of these people share, that nothing has changed in 4 years. Stupid.
I certainly don't want May and her crooked cronies leading us. I'd happily take a no deal Brexit, we'll be fine, Europe will suffer more than the UK as and when we leave the corrupt institution
It never ceases to amaze me how broken manifesto promises are never mentioned, and yet Brexit is seemingly the single unbreakable promise. Your argument is one of convenience, not of merit
If she was serious about this May would look to and learn from the cross party talks leading up to the Good Friday Agreement, where the obstacles to compromise &amp; agreement were much deeper &amp; greater than those facing the UK government today.
Jennette Newman, partner at and president of London Forum of Insurance Lawyers: "the London Market insurance (...) will continue to provide vital insurance and reinsurance business in the EU, even if that will be made harder by #Brexit"
The latest Sandrine WATTECAMPSL, le Journal! #brexit #le79inter
The latest The news-politix Daily! Thanks to #brexit #worldatwork
You know who I blame for all this brexit mess? Well the pakis, of course.
. this is quite literally the funniest thing I've read all day. #Brexit
But Yvette, can’t you see that JC is the main person holding you all back. He is labour’s Achilles heal. Whay can’t you get together with the sensible ones from across the house and come up with a parliamentary opposition to her and Brexit? Demand the end of A50. Lets move on
I AM #webdesigner here To OFFER YOU to LET ME DESIGN #webdesign OR customize OR redesign YOUR WEBSITES. For Hire::
Oh my God, is Theresa “Brexit means Brexit” May, really accusing anyone of meaningless slogans?! #StrongAndStable #CoalitionOfChaos
OMG Brexit ??
Join Free To Watch The Video!!! Kidnapping Miyabi Click link : #2009vs2019challenge #Spiderman #spidermanTH #Venom #Movies #Gillete #TuesdayThoughts #NationalHatDay #Girl #GilletteAd #TheFlash #Brexit #SDLive #BBB19 #Videos #bbb2019 #WayVisCOMING
I hope it has occurred to people that May is now just waiting out the clock and sees No Deal Brexit as an opportunity for her dream Ultra Right regime to take shape?
Brexit: Woman reveals incredible reason for wanting Tory John Redwood as PM
432 MPs voted against May whose vote was already postponed due to her lack of confidence in getting the deal through parliament.
Today's Word of the Day from Romanian online dictionary 's is ILUZORIU. An adjective meaning 'That which cannot be achieved, which does not exist in reality; deceptive, misleading, chimerical' #brexit
Yvette Cooper is probably the least democratic MP we have. As a remainer, she is leading the calls for a second referendum whilst 69.3% of her constituents voted to leave. 18 of the 25 highest leave voting constituencies have remainer MPs. #Brexit #BrexitVote
Why should an elected politician who fulfilled the mandate by which he gain a majority reject that action? People who think that without #EURef or a Remain win in a #PeoplesVote would make Europe disappear from view as an issue really are deluded
Good morning, who is the Prime Minister of the UK today? #Brexit
Favorited "Brexit exit back door brothel exit" by Mike Danby
This.
Some strong words for MPs here:
Britain’s meaningless Brexit vote UK Parliament can't give the voters a straight answer as to why Brexit isn't happening. Even their German Queen can't give the voters a straight answer. Is a civil war looming next?
As the future of Brexit remains unclear, here are what the warring factions all want
Witty you should apologise for being wrong. There never was a positive Brexit outcome and still today, Leavers can't admit it. The mess is being perpetuated by the people who voted for it.
Sorry but that is not democratic. We have had a vote and now have to come to some sort of compromise to implement the result. #brexit it is a bloody mess though
Holy shit, Mircea Geoana is still alive!
Hi Alan, are you available either at 6:00-6:20 this evening? Interview on motion of no confidence and Brexit. Let me know?
Exactly. That's where we're headed, to membership of the customs union and single market. What's the bleeding point of that non-Brexit Brexit, exactly?
Labour are in as much of a shambles as the Tories are over #Brexit. They're split all ways over it and can't agree, contradicting each other. Meanwhile, Jeremy Corbyn sits on the fence. #NoConfidenceVote #TheCorbynCon.
: kamikaze May must volte-face! The appalling EU punishment WA should be renounced, and unlike Cameron, she must tell the country that, mea culpa, she tried but failed. Accordingly, she now backs a WTO Brexit; it’ll keep her as PM and rejuvenate Tory voters!
Join Free To Watch The Video!!! Kidnapping Miyabi Click link : #2009vs2019challenge #Spiderman #spidermanTH #Venom #Movies #Gillete #TuesdayThoughts #NationalHatDay #Girl #GilletteAd #TheFlash #Brexit #SDLive #BBB19 #Videos #bbb2019 #WayVisCOMING
May's govt faces no-confidence vote after huge Brexit defeat
Luciana Berger MP refused 10 times to back a Corbyn-led Labour government. Not only did she refuse to do so, she even opposed Labour's call for a General Election. No appetite for it, she said. For 3 years she has not supported Corbyn.
Do not Brexit !
And if it had been a fair truly democratic process I would agree with you. It wasn’t, and that’s a given. People were duped and manipulated #brexit
You really can’t go anywhere without hearing people talk about Brexit today and my emphasis is that no one understands it - nobody. How this ever went to a public vote is beyond me.
NO LOSERS VOTE. #Brexit
We have our share of governmental problems here. Help me understand what happened with the vote against PM May. The way government works in the UK is a bit mystifying to me. Is Brexit still happening?
Chancellor hints at Article 50 delay | #Brexit #Brexitnegotiations #nodeal
UK's Labour calls on May to try a Brexit compromise to get deal passed
Isn't it odd that the vast majority of the GnasherJew trolls don't tweet anything about the impact of Tory austerity, levels of rough sleeping... or even Brexit. It's almost like they don't give a crap about the people in this country.
It messed up Brexit too. The game is over. New name is Brirabia! Time to leave folks. Corbyn to be next PM followed by Khan. ALL of Brirabia to become a “ no go” zone. Tut tut, tally ho!
Join Free To Watch The Video!!! Kidnapping Miyabi Click link : #2009vs2019challenge #Spiderman #spidermanTH #Venom #Movies #Gillete #TuesdayThoughts #NationalHatDay #Girl #GilletteAd #TheFlash #Brexit #SDLive #BBB19 #Videos #bbb2019 #WayVisCOMING
Trump caused BREXIT !!! Sad!
Corbyn is going through the motions as he waits for brexit to happen. He doesn't want an election where could end-up with less seats, particularly if manifesto supports brexit
The year is 2030. We're still talking about a government shutdown, Brexit, and a trade war with China.
#PMQs honour the referendum result! We must not extend article 50. #Brexit #PeoplesVote
#UnitedKingdom | British lawmakers defeated Prime Minister #TheresaMay's #Brexit divorce deal by a crushing margin Tuesday, triggering political upheaval that could lead to a disorderly exit from the #EuropeanUnion.
"Take a second look, May urges MPs before Brexit vote" -
I guess he has to say that.
'Great theatre – but tragic': Europe's media reacts in horror to May defeat
great read on Tories &amp; the #Brexit saga
U ran out of responses. Brexit won and you’re a Coward. Done.
Fuckin yasssss
Fully see not liking the PMs proposed deal, but what will they do? They must honor brexit, no second vote.
Feeling gloomy about Brexit? Here are 10 Brilliant things that have happened since Brexit Vote #brexit #leaveeu #peoplesvote #remain
Join Free To Watch The Video!!! Kidnapping Miyabi Click link : #2009vs2019challenge #Spiderman #spidermanTH #Venom #Movies #Gillete #TuesdayThoughts #NationalHatDay #Girl #GilletteAd #TheFlash #Brexit #SDLive #BBB19 #Videos #bbb2019 #WayVisCOMING
Brexit 2: May &amp; Trump vs Truth, with Stephen Fry via
Hurry up brexit, I wanna smoke cloves.
Indeed! And in this most MPs are to blame - they refused to deal with the inherent incompatibility of the brexit vote. There was no concrete proposal to vote for - we should have made it clear there should be another vote on the final deal.
We need to pay very close attention to the intentionally created chaos over BREXIT.Leaving the EU is what the people want and voted for. Staying is what the politicians want so they have created a conflict where none really exists.Just leave and recover your sovereignty
Barefaced lying or a an internal delusional narrative to prop up her hard Brexit approach. A falsehood, whatever!!
Found this very helpful, though still not convinced RE: penguins. Need further reassurance.
Man holds up his hands and says ‘Yep, you’re right I f***ed up!’ Oh no wait... #BrexitShambles #BrexitChaos
A lucid &amp; excellent Brexit explanation from Macron. Says elected representatives cornered into trying to deliver the impossible from a referendum discredited by false news and plain lies. Predicts extension of Art.50 to play for time.
Gina Miller says a lot of things.........mostly garbage #SorryNotSorry #ginamiller
BBC News - Brexit vote: What just happened and what comes next?
#attaboy committee now #attagirl committee we are watching #runningthestops 1st thing to burn. Call #larryfink &amp; 90%ers of we want revenge #SuperBowl #Brexit #WednesdayWisdom $AAPL $AMZN $NFLX $GS $BAC $F
48%, yes... imagine what will say the Leavers when they will see that Brexit will never happen?!
I've been screaming this for 2 years
becase they can't. Brexit and the people who voted for it voted against a boogey man that didn't actually exist. they voted for an ideal that would never exist. They don't want the economic mess they voted for. Idiots.
Join Free To Watch The Video!!! Kidnapping Miyabi Click link : #2009vs2019challenge #Spiderman #spidermanTH #Venom #Movies #Gillete #TuesdayThoughts #NationalHatDay #Girl #GilletteAd #TheFlash #Brexit #SDLive #BBB19 #Videos #bbb2019 #WayVisCOMING
And it is exactly this type of insulting and patronising comment that has convinced many remain supporters, like myself, that as bad as we know it will be, we can no longer work with you. No deal brexit has become option because you wanted to belittle the U.K. and not engage
What a leader is in parliament for the . If as an Englishman I can't stop brexit, may the SNP go all out for a independence ref and hopefully win it, whilst staying in the #EU #Remain
On Brexit, Labour is working hard to remain absolutely, certainly, unequivocally…undecided
As someone on Twitter asks, what is the point of a GE where both main parties support Brexit?
Just another beautiful morning in the #mountains of #Asheville #realestate #mountainliving #cabin #brexit #chalet #highlife #Highlands
i straight up have no idea what the brexit is like i don't understand it forgive me lmfao i understand the basics but like can comprehend it as a whole does that make sense?
Not true. Corbyn supporters care more about homelessness, nhs privatization, universal care, in work poverty, tuition fees than Brexit.
Only three people have ever understood the Brexit question. One is Prince Albert, who is dead, the second is a German professor who is mad, and the third is Theresa May, and she has forgotten
To be a MP is a privilege not a write. If these gents and lady’s do not fulfill there brexit promises - remember the minors strike where people still point out the sons and daughters of the strike brakers this is going to happen to there families in the future : be aware :
Chuka Umunna on why he thinks today's #NoConfidenceVote will likely fail, and how Labour should then move to back a second ref. #Brexit
I haven’t gone in politics for a while now, but honestly corbyn supporters are making themselves out to be the thickest people on planet, how can you single handily oppose brexit but back a man who will willingly ensure it happens. Labour need a proper leader.
Following last night’s defeat in the House of Commons, see our #Brexit checklist for guidance on how to mitigate risk: #meaningfulvote #PlanningforBrexit
By not removing " No deal" she is trying to hold a gun to the head of most parliamentarians. She is still sucking up to the cranks &amp; bigots in her party &amp; Paisley's Protestant unionist party!
Anger has now been shifted to #TheBestMenCanBe. Over here in the UK, they're sore about the razor AND the fact that has come up with an inclusive Vegan Sausage Roll!never mind the shit-show that is Brexit #sortoutyourpriorities
I try not to talk about politics here but how incredibly short-sighted, blinkered &amp; downright stupid is Mayhem? She claims the govt has the ‘confidence of the country’ but she couldn’t even win an election?
Would love see Boris Johnson as PM,NO DEAL BREXIT would be his priority
Don't blame me - I opted for chaos under Lord North. #Brexit
Sadly, they're on par with US Republicans, &amp; will, I fear, cravenly put their party before the nation.
'Beginning of the End of Brexit': UK Politicians on May Deal's Crushing Defeat: via
have faith in the UK and take comfort that, with a WTO Brexit, when the going gets tough for German industry, if not Eire farmers, will ensure an EU fudge for Eire/NI border, in order to facilitate a proper UK wide “Canada+++” FTA before 31-12-2019!
Theresa May picked up the gauntlet of Brexit. She has done pretty well to get the best deal considering the mess left by Cameron. This is a no win BREXIT. PM will secure the best Withdrawal Plan in time.
No. You support Brexit.
All for that....Scots leave, Brexit a breeze. A win-win for England.
Barnier hints at flexibility, if we accept a softer Brexit. German car makers are up arms about a WTO departure. The pressure is starting to work, at last; now is the time to turn up the heat, not give in yet!!
#Remain #EU We’re running out of time before the #Brexit deadline could see us crash out of the EU, hurting women the most. stop playing politics and join our demands for a #PeoplesVote
And good question... who is at the wheel of this runaway train? Could there yet be a role for the Queen? However controversial the issue of monarchy has become, the fact remains that she IS our current head of state.
Brexit twaddle overshadows another Kenya massacre by Somalia AlShabab and one Brit dead. And ageing Bashir war crimes Sudan revolt. Final delays on Cape 2Cairo and East Africa peace and prosperity to Suez? Time for Change
Look at what happened at 7.45pm. It was a tabling of no-confidence that increased the likelihood of no Brexit which saw the pound rise, just as it has every time the potential for it to happen has increased over 2 years. The opposite happens when no deal is threatened.
It's all good. Our insane Prime Minister is being propped up by people who believe the Earth is 5000 years old, while the leader of the opposition is convinced that his form of Brexit will make everything better. We're kicking your arses in the cuckoo stakes.
Doesn't suit her enemies to. Well, not those who want brexit. Better to pretend brexit is failing because a remainer is in charge. Helps them keep fantasy brexit alive a little linger.
Theresa May's Brexit deal has been defeated. Now, to stop a No Deal Brexit, we need more time. I’ve signed the emergency petition calling for Article 50 to be extended or withdrawn. You can sign it, and sign up to hear more from , here:
My understanding is that a solution is a course of action that resolves a problem. As the Brexit issue is unresolved there cannot have been a solution. Or am I missing something?
The best bit on this is saying the #BBC is biassed to Remain. And the other guy is right. Good luck to the Valleys without any EU money... Incredible ignorance #brexit
#Brexit Theresa''s deal=stitchup=staying in without the benefits=worst of both possible worlds=Hobson's choice. Clearly that's why it was rejected. What I don't get is why we now have to choose between: 1) Go back into EU 2) Take the crappy crumbs EU is serving up. #getUsOut
Brexit, cybersecurity and climate change lead risk concerns for 2019 #UI #CSuite #corpgov
Brexit, cybersecurity and climate change lead risk concerns for 2019 #UI #CSuite #corpgov
Leader of the opposition on Brexit
EU to ramp up no-deal planning after huge Commons defeat for May's Brexit deal #News #mirror
May suffers historic Brexit defeat — what the City is saying
This guy is a damn good cricket commentator ... really good .. equally bad political commentator .. but that's fine .. we can take the good part ..
Why Brexit is a living hell for Jeremy Corbyn... not just Theresa May by Asa Bennett via News
Always fascinating when we get to talk business with Paul Vaaler .... he is discussing the trickle down effects for the United States because of #brexit. Tune in now...
The Entertainer stockpiles toys ahead of possible no-deal Brexit
may day! may day!
Broadly true. It'll be the behind the scenes talks about a new way forward on Brexit which will make a difference. This is parliamentary theatre with a pre-scripted conclusion. #NoConfidence
She has no imagination, personality or thinking vocabulary. It is all learned
Barnier hints at flexibility, if we accept a softer Brexit. German car makers are up arms about a WTO departure. The pressure is starting to work, at last; now is the time to turn up the heat, not give in yet!!
"Do you regret splitting this country in two, putting businesses &amp; peoples lives at risk and sending us hurtling towards a complete shitestorm just to save your own arse from the U-kippers?" Nah. I'll be alright.
Why Brexit is a living hell for Jeremy Corbyn... not just Theresa May
Genuinely interested, is there one leave voter out there who believed they were voting for a customs union? Please let me know if you are one or know of one. #Brexit #NoConfidence #PMQs
We must look like a joke of a nation to the rest of this planet, just look at the commons right now, they're just throwing barbs at each other, mean time they are destroying our country up more, GROW UP KIDS #brexitdebate #Brexit #2019Debate #Parliament #joke
"We should never forget that Brexit is a British policy that originated in Westminster....The problem now lies there....if the United Kingdom were to evolve from its red lines on the Customs Union and the Single Market...the EU could evolve also"
Exactly!
London house prices continue to fall as Brexit uncertainties remain
Photos Pro Remain, Leave and People's Vote protests Parliament Square © Jess Hurd &amp; Stefano Cagnoni/reportdigital.co.uk #Brexit #PeoplesVote #LeaveMeansLeave #remain Set here:
Parliament can #RevokeArticle50 whenever it wants to. Either way, a General Election won't make #Brexit go away, nor will more political fudge, or can-kicking. A referendum got us into this mess, &amp; (unless we simply #RevokeA50) only a #peoplesvote can get us out. 4/
Good to hear the man who invented the term 'Brexit', Peter Wilding, of on earlier.
#Brexit = All Brits are under a huge fan=the EU membership,blowing vertically up. #Brexteers produces nonsense which like smelling fecal matter floats over due to the generated pressure. #Brexit will be turning off the fan, so everything will fall,all Brits will be dirty&amp;smelly.
As expcted, PCP galvanising behind #May on issues besidse #Brexit. #BrecitVote #ConfidenceVote
Five players who could be forced back to Premier League with no deal Brexit
And let the idiocy of Corbyn thinking he'll win a GE sink in too. Both the Tories and Labour are in a mess and supporting Brexit isn't helping. 2nd referendum is the only chance Labour has.
Why the dastardly Remainer plot to steal Brexit from the people is doomed via
Insurers condemn #Brexit deal defeat : ‘A period of unprecedented uncertainty.’
What is truly astonishing is that Mrs.May has not fully investigated the role a hostile foreign power played in the referendum. Nor has she shown any concern at Leave massive fine for breaking electoral law. Brexiters still haven’t articulated an option that meets their promises
European newspapers and broadcasters have reacted with surprise to the scale, if not the fact, of UK Prime Minister Theresa May's Commons defeat on her Brexit deal.
Remainers (like me) getting ready to see cancel Brexit.
'What happens next could define British politics for a generation' writes Associate Director about yesterday's #Brexit vote:
Why did you think that? And are elections really just about Brexit? Of course they aren't.
Simple brexit solution? Prorogue parliament? This would guarantee WTO brexit and no more business uncertainty, we would go forward with firm knowledge of WTO which could not be halted by the traitorous lot in HoC...
Ever considered that they're groaning about having to listen to some UN report on poverty when they know they have more important Brexit related stuff to do?
The longer it goes on the more determined I have become and I just hope that at the next election those MP's that have made a mockery out of Brexit will be voted out of parliament
Gold Prices Unmoved by UK Brexit 'Soap Opera' as 'Window Closes' on Chance of Higher Euro Interest Rates
The reason Theresa May only failed so badly last night is because the opposition have let it get this far. Labour brexit is a farce and has allowed the calendar not the clock to click down to where the only way out is via people’s vote now
Worth remembering, Gary &amp; are on the same side as fascist Oswald Moseley who was a big fan of an #EU,&amp; Hitler &amp; Napoleon had a go too. Of course they both get paid oodles of taxpayer £s by #Brexit hating #Remainers at the BBC.
No, no, no, Gordon - I didn't mean that at all. We have to keep the pressure up on the politicians, let them know we know they're doing everything they can to stop Brexit ever happening
#Brexit = All Brits are under a huge fan=the EU membership,blowing vertically up. #Brexteers produces nonsense which like smelling fecal matter floats over due to the generated pressure. #Brexit will be turning off the fan, so everything will fall,all Brits will be dirty&amp;smelly.
A perspective worth reading in confusing times. #Ukpoli A Short History of #Brexit by Kevin O’Rourke review – a devastating account
Theresa May Attacking Corbyn's Brexit plans, the day after the biggest defeat for a sitting PM. She should have resigned by now.
Steve Hilton: Original intent of Brexit - restoring freedom and sovereignty - buried by inept bureaucrats
Corbyn accuses Tories of the failure of the country after the Brexit has suffered the defeat
EU 'in no mood' to renegotiate Brexit deal as chiefs demand UK axes 'red lines'. So how about you just go and take your unworkable red lines with you Theresa. Oh and take your lies and your bribes and your inhumanity while you're at it. #NoConfidence
Fox running a column by Nile Gardiner claiming that a no-deal brexit is the best option. Today. Takes advantage of audience's ignorance. Fox is based on being able to do this. You can't "predict" Dems behavior after demonizing it
*mostly* what the UK had was its reputation, earned or not, as a civilised outward facing nation. We've trashed it. Scotland will break away within the next 20 years. The UK will dissolve. We've lived in peace too long, becoming entitled and complacent. Sadly, we deserve this.
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
Irish PM denies having secret no-deal Brexit plan for border checks
Nailed it.
If the EU wish to maintain the integrity of their single market by means of border checks, that is their problem to solve. There are alternatives, that they have chosen to dismiss
The Republic Of Ireland and many Catholics in Northern Ireland would like a very close relationship with the United Kingdom. A hard Border along the North and South of Ireland would make that relationship very difficult . #Brexit #ConservativeParty
thats G tweet from couple of hours-d worst thing is Corbyn has majority on NEC and all decision making bodies within Lab party
Birmingham businesses plead for 'real answers' to end #Brexit stalemate ahead of tonight's government confidence vote
a pygmy politicians who is consistently wrong - another ringing endorsement for WTO BREXIT
It is easier from the outside I'm sure, but how refreshing would it be for a senior MP to spell things out to the public in this way.
70% back No Deal Brexit in Sunderland poll - Westmonster
Simple option 1. Unlike Brexit, Remain simply means remain, we know exactly what the deal is - exactly what we have now.
Latest updates as Tory government faces historic no confidence vote
Posted...
#Brexit or #Birdbox? One woman shuts her eyes to avoid seeing the real world while the rest of the people around her ruin their own lives, and those of everyone around them. #netflix #2ndReferendum
You mean that an MP who lives and works in a constituency which will be radically effected by Brexit has a view on it which differs from your own. Calling people traitors for thinking differently to you gets them killed.
"The government has lost the confidence of this House and this country," said last night, before announcing he had tabled a motion of no-confidence in the government. #Brexit #BrexitDeal #TheresaMay #NoConfidenceMotion
Thanks, David! To borrow another Life of Brian classic, let's always look on the bright side of life... #Brexit
Macron Warns EU Will Make Few Concessions if UK to Renegotiate Brexit Deal: via
But he wanted Brexit to win and they knew it was the only way to make that happen.
You have some rather strange views (see below) Don't worry its common with be #brexit fans I can help you by suggesting you read up on it &amp; I'll give you more time by temporarily blocking you so you dont waste time on me But I'll unblock you in 5yrs .
The bribed elites will cause the British Isles to pay a horrible price for their folly. If they fail with Brexit it will happen rapidly.
If #Brexit was a movie this is the part where police vans show up to haul away the tories for fraud &amp; crimes against humanity. Corbyn is announced PM on the spot as we cut to Ewok style celebrations all over the UK. #PMQs #gtto
Theresa May Brexit, Indra Nooyi World Bank, Ulta Beauty: Broadsheet January 16
lol, thanks. Imagine since the POTUS is/could be working w/Russia, how many moles are in the FBI &amp; CIA. Look at Marie Le Pen in France wanting to run the EU &amp; Brexit chaos...Kremlin is loving all this. #SlowMovingCoup
Brit invokes both the U.S. and its current incivility.
. truth #brexit
Because it’s a referendum on the ACTUAL deal, rather than the complete impossibilities the leave campaign peddled. It would give a mandate for a specific form of Brexit, or when, compared to the actual Brexit options, to remain in the EU
Barnier says "If May ditches her red lines..." And so the planned move to the most nationally humiliating extra-soft Brexit (and the complete betrayal of 17.740,742+ British people) continues:
What contingency plans should small businesses make for Brexit?
Sorry Jon, but politics isn't a middle class parlour game. is spot on here and we see the effects of Tory austerity on our street every single day. That is why we need a #GeneralElectionNow
No, but I don't have confidence that *any* government could function in this environment. #Brexit has broken our entire political system, and will break any government that touches it. #NoConfidence
Have you not been listening? Labour's policy is very clear wether you like it or not or find it achievable. TMs stand on Brexit was rejected by 230 votes last night. She said she wants to reach out but no one's had a phone call yet. What is HER stand? It's there a plan B?
Surely no true socialist can support membership of the capitalist EU club
EU could extend Brexit deadline if London provides good reason: EU Read more at
High stakes if a referendum choice were framed as no Brexit vs no Deal.
Hard&lt;t&gt; Brexit? No problem! Scan it find IT.
British PM Faces Confidence Vote After Brexit Humiliation
Last night I completed this project for my client. He was very happy to get all files with high resolution, So that he ordered one more gig. Check it or getting any services from me please go to this link
Even now May won't do what should have happened in 2016.
Brexit seems to be going super well so far. #extendart50 #takeabreakfrombrexit
IF THE MAY/CORBYN SPONSORED BREXIT HAPPENS THEN THE ZERO HRS / LOW PAY UK ECONOMY LIVING ON CHLORINATED CHICKEN AND UDDERLY INFECTED MILK WILL ADAPT TO REES-MOGG'S VERSION OF THE GREAT BRITISH EMPIRE. AH! THE GOOD OLD DAYS!
What an arrogant hit. Sold his country down the river - Annie Delaney
BBCNewsnight: RT nicholaswatt: As Theresa May ends her speech in no confidence vote here is her twin track #Brexit strategy: talk to DUP (want scrapping of NI backstop or UK exit mechanism) in hope EU will listen and embark on U-Turn 1/
Yet her record as Home Secretary is even worse #JustSaying
BBCNewsnight: RT nicholaswatt: At same time try to talk to Labour MPs in Leave-voting seats who need Brexit with a Labour-friendly face. If 130 of them come over PM can win without EU move on NI backstop 2/
BBCNewsnight: RT nicholaswatt: Tricky bit: highly unlikely 130 Labour MPs will defy Jeremy Corbyn and support a #Brexit deal solely proposed by Theresa May even if she offers major concessions on workers rights 3/
Ah! as you know David, BREXIT is blamed for anything and everything!
Still not convinced that it's possible to have a left wing Brexit, or Lexit, when it will cut workers' rights even futher, force wages down and put the most vulnerable at risk. The EU isn't perfect, but Socialists working together across Europe can and have achieved so much.
He may yet be right. But the EU will only be forced to consider this after a no-deal Brexit
THE UK NEEDS TO FOR #BREXIT AND JUST BECOME A TERRITORY OF THE USA INSTEAD. #MAGA
BVian's ACTIVE Stock and Share Trading Ideas: The Brexit Fuss !
Brexit : the undefined being negotiated by the unprepared in order to get the unspecified for the uninformed.
Not sure I’m yet ready to be lectured on Brexit failings of our democracy by Germans with their no-change grand coalitions, French ministers with riots &amp; fascists vying for government, or Belgians often with no government at all ( just like the DUP)
Brexit Vote Disaster: No Matter What Happens Politically, Britain Must Leave The EU via
BREXIT With a no-confidence vote due to take place in the next hour or so, here's what Islanders think should happen... #iwnews
His hairs in the same state as this country, doesn’t know whether it’s coming or going
She looks defiant. She didn’t want Brexit
So Barnier hints at flexibility, if we accept a softer Brexit. German car makers are up arms about a WTO departure. The pressure is starting to work, at last; now is the time to turn up the heat, not give in yet!!
We are very pleased to hear from &amp; this afternoon at Political Headlines. We’re discussing - what else? - all things #Brexit
Summary of #Brexit news seems to be: -massive loss for Govt &amp; need to find compromise solution BUT #May: - hasn’t reached out to anyone; - refuses to budge on red lines - has ruled out extending time under Art 50 Abject failure of leadership
That was always going to be the case for brexit, we need the EU more than they need us, reality is so unpleasant for brexiters isn't it?
#Brexit - thorough analysis.
Cool, hope it’s got a new achievable plan for Brexit that can win cross party support
Just a reminder to all those going into meltdown over Brexit... - the EU affects only 6% of our economy. - we are growing @ 1-1.5% per annum. If EU trade drops 25% (it won't) we will be evens. And we will more than make up for it elsewhere. #WTOBrexit
Theresa May has one last throw of the Brexit dice via
Brexit was actually an affirmation of the people's sovereignty – that's why is was put to a referendum, and not left up to a political class which has cheerfully given their sovereignty away for over four decades.
Why Brexit is a living hell for Jeremy Corbyn... not just Theresa May
Just a reminder that a ‘No Deal’ Brexit is incompatible with the Good Friday Agreement as it would need a hard border to prevent freedom of movement of people and goods between EU and UK. Breaking an International Peace Treaty such as the GFA should not be carried out lightly.
Did Theresa have 10 pints last night and wake up this morning with no recollection of the vote result...
They are surprised only because they don’t understand our political system. Our system is that we vote against the party we don’t want. It’s called tactical voting. Very rarely we get asked a straight question, and if it’s asked by someone we don’t like we tell him so.
On radio today I almost made it a Brexit free zone except for a comment about school playground squabbling. #lovinradio
its my understanding that the Irish dep of Justice have very advanced plans for a No Deal Brexit
"Defeat of the century," "complete failure," "historic trouncing" - just some of the ways that media in #Russia described the results of the #Brexit deal vote for Theresa May:
Been listening to this by Birdy. ' People help the People'. The words are cathartic living through this Brexit mess, not knowing what future we are heading to. So fed up with it all.
Parliament is deadlocked. Brexit is in chaos. The people must now be given the chance to fix this mess. That's what's . Sign the petition at #LetUsDecide
hey james, would you be available this evening at college green to comment on motion of no confidence and Brexit vote last night? 6:05-6:25?
What next for Brexit after rejection of May’s deal?
Thank you!
A busy morning of #Brexit vote reaction, with widespread media coverage of LCCI’s position, and further filming this afternoon with and Finnish Broadcasting Company YLE .
Wonder if Joanna is lining up to support the FM?
Brexit soap opera has become 'rather dreary', says Alfred Sant
This also describes the US shutdown - "Brexit has been a catastrophic political failure. This messy, unpopular deal, the most unpopular government policy that anybody can remember, was produced by a political class that turned out to be ignorant"
When you use Macron as an example, you’ve already lost
Beyond a joke that with less than 3 months left until brexit we don’t even know who the prime minister will be in 24 hours time much less what’s actually happening when we leave. Never been more embarrassed to be British.
Surely the is not biased against #Brexit
I will end with this Don't agree w/ everything, but you get the idea. I agree w/ electing good reps. I'm not a Trumpian, but I do think we're long overdue for a disruption. The federal govt is beginning to look too much like the Chicago Machine.
But it won't because Corbynski wants to brexit
If you are afflicted with such ridiculous ideas of sympathy, just remember the Ballymurphy massacre, the Miami Showband massacre, the famine and oh, I dunno, 800 or so years of oppression and colonisation
BBC News - Brexit and no-confidence vote: Corbyn targets 'zombie government'
A true champagne socialist or maybe just a smug bastard.
The way I see it is that she only has a few options. A) Resign as PM and let one of #BoJo, #JRM, et al take over. Very unlikely, as she's too arrogant and is determined to 'see Brexit implemented' before quitting. 1/
Kids ...this is why you shouldn't sniff glue! #Brexit
Spectacular as always from .
You would think would occupy himself with more important issues like the government slyly passing a bill to defraud the poorest pensioners of over £7,000 per year the day before the Brexit vote.
Theresa May or Theresa May Not That is the question #Brexit #BrexitVote
Looks like #Brexit TV is down. Time to call the #Cable guy?
I used to like and admire Rory Stewart but he must have been promised something to keep peddling this line which he knows is not in any way #Brexit
'What happens next could define British politics for a generation' writes Associate Director about yesterday's vote: #Brexit #CDRViews #CDRLondon
Sick to the back teeth with listening to throughout this Brexit chaos. I agree the government is all over the place at the mo but the thought of him running our country ........ No thanks #BrexitChaos
Can you then explain the spike in racist attacks and harassment of E.U. citizens after the referendum??? It seems to me you’re unwilling to view any evidence that doesn’t agree with your preconceptions.
Anyone's future-we still don't know We can’t unite under Mays Brexit and with no plan B So until the people have the choice to vote in a 2nd EU ref or GE there will be no Uniting of the Kingdoms I'm hoping Scotland’s FM calls Indy2 and the only Brexit is reunification of Ireland
It was always going to come down to this. The cancer of sectarianism will always be there with some people. No matter how Brexit turns out, someone with sectarian ideals will be aggrieved and god only knows how that will turn out.
What are your thoughts? #brexit #eu #uk
Please Note : We Have Had a Peoples Vote and the Result Was Leave........We Cant Keep Voting Until You Get The Result You Are Willing To Accept. thats just Childish.
as someone who doesn't live in the UK, watching this brexit thing unfold is pretty funny if i do say so myself.
Does #BrexitMeanBrexit? And if so, what does that mean, and how can we know it? If you are a post-graduate researcher affected by #brexit and these questions and more join us at the Researching Brexit Symposium #researchingbrexit #phdlife #phdchat #phdforum #PhD
Can you solve Brexit? Try to plot a path to success with our game
How a second referendum could be the best way to overcome the Brexit impasse
Better than his comments on Brexit, at least #lufc
Darren, all you do is crack playground insults. In three days and countless requests, you couldn't quantify a single gain from Brexit, in £, with rational assumptions. You're not a serious interlocutor.
the reason for the second ref is because the first was based on false promises. if people chose brexit based on this reality, ill happily go shut up about this and let it happen as i will know its been voted on based on reality.
Kidnapping Miyabi Click link : #2009vs2019challenge #Spiderman #spidermanTH #Venom #Movies #Gillete #TuesdayThoughts #NationalHatDay #Girl #GilletteAd #TheFlash #Brexit #SDLive #BBB19 #Videos #bbb2019 #WayVisCOMING
Jeremy Corbyn is mentioning it, and getting knocked down for not focusing totally on Brexit....
It seems that the nearest thing that the Tories and most of the media have to a Brexit strategy is, closing their eyes, putting their fingers in their ears and accusing the LP of not having a Brexit strategy. #GeneraElectionNow #GetTheToriesOut
Pretty good information (in German) about post-#Brexit:
Kidnapping Miyabi Click link : #2009vs2019challenge #Spiderman #spidermanTH #Venom #Movies #Gillete #TuesdayThoughts #NationalHatDay #Girl #GilletteAd #TheFlash #Brexit #SDLive #BBB19 #Videos #bbb2019 #WayVisCOMING
Mrs May's General Election LOST majority in Parliament. Tory MPs tabled a motion of NO CONFIDENCE in HER. Tory Government found to be in CONTEMPT of Parliament. Mrs May's Brexit Deal DEFEATED 432 against. #NoConfidenceInToryGovt #NoConfidenceInMrsMay #JC4PM2019
BBC News - Brexit and no-confidence vote: Corbyn targets 'zombie government'
U.K. government faces no-confidence vote after Brexit defeat
There is a clear parallel between UK's Brexit and Trumpian America First. Both are FAILING, destroying lives, investments, and helping PUTIN WIN!
Watch in full: Raw Politics on the fate of Theresa May's Brexit deal
The Funniest #Brexit Memes
Vote for what ? Brexit has already been voted on. There isn't any other Brexit "vote" beych
You’re just as much of a twat as you don’t give a shit about the 17 million that voted out so sit your arse down and stfu #NoDeal #brexit #fucktheEU
Well, technically speaking, neither is Dracula after you put a stake in his heart. (Depends on Christopher Lee's availability.)
Absolutely Brilliant....
Brexit deal vote: House of Lords ‘rejects’ Theresa May’s deal dubbed ‘the meaningless vote’ #BrexitVote
Kidnapping Miyabi Click link : #2009vs2019challenge #Spiderman #spidermanTH #Venom #Movies #Gillete #TuesdayThoughts #NationalHatDay #Girl #GilletteAd #TheFlash #Brexit #SDLive #BBB19 #Videos #bbb2019 #WayVisCOMING
No it isn't, it really isn't, people's lives are being destroyed and cunts like these aren't bothered at all
So will you support the government tonight despite being vocal regarding their stance on Brexit being against yours
No, mate. Only 72 more days and it's party time!!!! #Brexit
126. UK is 4th largest export destination for American goods. How did it ever make sense to ship from US to UK? Despite EU being next door?
Will Britain's government fall after devastating Brexit defeat? And 9 more things to know for Wednesday
Brexit beatdown sends global shockwaves. Plus three headlines to keep on your radar for Wednesday January 16th from the #WashingtonPost Daily 202's Big Idea with #JamesHohmann
Two faced? That’s the public’s impression. MP’s not acting in the U.K. best interests. Best deal is the deal we have !!
Brexit &amp; the Irish Border
hypocricy they are a disgrace can never trust them ever
Read our Head of Investment Management Richard Gray’s views on last night’s #Brexit vote in the U.K. parliament and what happens next. #MeaningfulVote
Not really in this case. Despite the constant accusation that Labour do not have a stance on Brexit - they have said it again and again - they will honour the outcome of the referendum and try to secure a new customs union and free trade deal with focus on worker and eco rights
Indeed. To which the answer is that keeping them, outside the EU is as daft as anything else that's been proposed. The current problem is the chaos of the UK. The sane answer is to stay in the EU. Then more calmly we can debate the real issues thrown up by the Brexit catalyst.
No matter how this British drama ends, the damage will remain, says wesel_barbara #Brexit
May prefers remain leading a population that prefers leave. Foster prefers leave leading a population that prefers remain. Sturgeon leads a party that wants independence leading a population that wants the union. Jeremy Corbyn wants whatever gets him into number 10. =Brexit
[EURONEWS] Watch in full: Raw Politics on the fate of Theresa May's Brexit deal |
May tells MPs they have 'duty to deliver' on Brexit vote
Watch in full: Raw Politics on the fate of Theresa May's Brexit deal
Watch in full: Raw Politics on the fate of Theresa May's Brexit deal
the first vote was a no deal Brexit. Hard, soft and a deal Brexit only came after the vote.
Why Brexit is a living hell for Jeremy Corbyn... not just Theresa May
The EU will happily punish delusional Britain for last night's Brexit defeat vía
BIAFRA MUST HAVE FREEDOM
this guy always nails it.
Kidnapping Miyabi Click link : #2009vs2019challenge #Spiderman #spidermanTH #Venom #Movies #Gillete #TuesdayThoughts #NationalHatDay #Girl #GilletteAd #TheFlash #Brexit #SDLive #BBB19 #Videos #bbb2019 #WayVisCOMING
DealBook Briefing: ‘Brexit’ Deal Fails; What’s Next for Britain?
Brexit wasn't implemented in 2016.
A sensible argument in the #Guardian from an academic. Now there's a turn-up for the books. The strongest point against 2/Ref has always been that it will encourage the EU to say repeatedly as before: vote often, till you get it right.
a way forward....
Watch in full: Raw Politics on the fate of Theresa May's Brexit deal
Lloyd’s is open in #Europe, following the launch of thier Brussels subsidiary. #LloydsBrussels #Brexit
Omg thread your tweets you aren't trump. Jesus.
New writer Fraser Kelly talks about Brexit and the bigger issues in society.
Poor Femi. Leaving the UK does not break the Belfast Agreement. Our British economy is outperforming the EU and you trash the NHS by piling on immigration without end. This is cosmic grade idiocy, as we might expect!
UK headed for Brexit delay and second referendum - Farage
Imagine if she died *because* of Brexit
People working together? Any chance you can fly over and sort out #Brexit please Sully?
Kidnapping Miyabi Click link : #2009vs2019challenge #Spiderman #spidermanTH #Venom #Movies #Gillete #TuesdayThoughts #NationalHatDay #Girl #GilletteAd #TheFlash #Brexit #SDLive #BBB19 #Videos #bbb2019 #WayVisCOMING
2) BUT truth is it does NO such thing,&amp; every Brexit voter needsto know this.Don't count on MSM enlightening the nation about this. Besides, Brexit voters voted to leave the EU, Not for a deal -a damned treacherous one at that!!! NO 2nd Referendum this must be fought against!
Can one Brexit.... from God’s kingdom?
Can we all agree that Brexit is the most tedious news story in living memory?
The generally accepted mantra amongst the human community is the importance of learning from one's mistakes. Except, of course, when it's got anything to do with Brexit
The only difference I can see is that, back in 2017, a lot of people thought Labour were interested in stopping Brexit, and voted for them on that basis. Now we know they aren't.
5 things to know for January 16: Brexit, William Barr, Kenya, El Chapo, shutdown - CNN
"no one who was in that queue can say for certain that they aren’t the idiot" - fantastic column by on why no MPs have a foolproof plan for Brexit
Brexit Meltdown as Theresa May is Massively Defeated on Her Crappy Deal via
Scottish government intensifying preparations for no-deal #Brexit, MSPs told - reports
Hard Brexit means hard breakfast.
Mayday #Brexit
Dear #NazaninZaghariRatcliffe &amp; Richard. 'Midst this crazy BREXIT madness you are not forgotten. Thousands are praying for you.
I wish we could gave a second referendum. #Brexit
Rule out a no deal brexit ! Are you mad ? Who in their right mind would take a bargaining chip like that off the table and still hope to get a good deal .
I see, as usual, new gov comes last on your list but is the only real way forward. We have a minority gov that can't pass legislation (even the Finance Bill!) &amp; political gridlock on Brexit. The only way to resolve both is a GE &amp; different make up of MPs
Kidnapping Miyabi Click link : #2009vs2019challenge #Spiderman #spidermanTH #Venom #Movies #Gillete #TuesdayThoughts #NationalHatDay #Girl #GilletteAd #TheFlash #Brexit #SDLive #BBB19 #Videos #bbb2019 #WayVisCOMING
Brexit is popcorn viewing
This is a brilliant idea but the main problem is we have a remainer PM who wants Brexit stopped or thwarted. It should be up to the Cabinet majority to decide, or a Parliamentary vote?
The Brexit Saga Is Far From Over - Here's What Analysts Are Expecting Now | Zero Hedge
Seriously wtf are our dopey politicians playing at????
Brexit impasse threatens to cripple construction says Balfour boss
“I take note with regret of the outcome of the vote in the House of Commons”, said Juncker. “On the EU side, the process of ratification of the Withdrawal Agreement continues.” It's like "The EU doesn't really care what yer wee Parliament decides" #BrexitVote #Brexit #BrexitDeal
I liked a video BREXIT storm deepens, as parliamentary coup may be forming against May and Corbyn
Lavrov on Brexit: Russia will cooperate with UK and EU, whatever the outcome
Next up in Parliament: East Timor- should we support independence?
Interesting that while we are in the middle of the #TrumpShutDown, at the same time the UK is experiencing their #BREXIT crisis courtesy of #May’s government. Putin must be doing his happy dance.
David Davis being his mind-blowing #Brexit self for . Suez: Who knew? Coulda been a success! [Nope] Appeasement: Who knew? Coulda been a success. [Nope] Brexit: WILL DEFINITELY BE A SUCCESS. Missing the lesson, here, methinks.
: kamikaze May must volte-face! The appalling EU punishment WA should be renounced, and unlike Cameron, she must tell the country that, mea culpa, she tried but failed. Accordingly, she now backs a WTO Brexit; it’ll keep her as PM and rejuvenate Tory voters!
Awesome responsibility.
Brexit uncertainty hits house purchases | #housingmarket #D&amp;S #Brexit #uncertainty #WestMidlands
The EU has provided funding to the UK for penguins.
Could you remind yourself for 5 minutes that your job is to represent and serve the British public, not to show off like a stroppy teenager in a playground squabble? #Brexit #NoConfidenceVote #Labour #GeneralElectionNow
Oh Ms May Ms May
brilliant, just brilliant
Someone’s been playing bandersnatch with uk politics since the brexit vote and obviously causing a riot because that’s the more fun thing to do
Of course, these nefarious activities by Gauleiter Crawford we're carried out without the knowledge or approval of Fuhrer Foster. Absolutely! Don't even THINK it..!!
Gee, what could be the result of this in tandem with no Brexit deal?
Do you think there would be a Brexit happening right now if not for Farage and UKIP? He made a new political party with one goal, achieved it, then left still holding a position as a MEP. Who has been more successful in achieving their political goals? Please tell.
Very unlikely to happen. They'll try to pick off a few pro-Brexit labour backbenchers.
Emmanuel Macron on any request to improve the deal: "Maybe we will make improvements, but I really don’t think so, because we’ve reached our limits with the deal and we won’t - just to resolve Britain’s domestic problems, political issues - stop defending European interests."
well well it is macron the conman you cant control France but you want to control the U.K. or is it you don't want to lose your cut of £39 billion you are sussed would you please be a good chap and piss off.
A Soft Brexit With Labour's Help Would Lead To Tory Split, Warns Conservative MP - LBC #lbc #fbpe #libdems #conservatives #labour #plaidcymru #snp #ukip #abtv #waton #stupidbrexiteers #itvnews #bbcnews #c4news #5news #skynews #POLITICSLIVE #pmqs #Brexit
This is because there is nothing positive about Brexit of any sort. There is more than enough evidence both for this fact &amp; that the referendum was tainted by criminal actions and massive foreign interference, which Mrs. May has been coveing up + ignoing. #StopBrexitSaveBritain
The Brexit is not a problem at all. We have a huge market here. UK is not an empire anymore, its just some random island with weird food. You have actually nothing that we respect.
Many career politicians - here or elsewhere - are inept idiots, caring more about polls than results. One only need look at #Brexit as an shining example. #BrexitShambles #FoxNews #BuildTheWall #PelosiShutdown #AmericaFirst
I stand ready to my part for the nation.
Betting odds now point to Brexit delay — or even cancellation
Says the biggest French loser President since Hitler took over France.
Brexit Gets Flushed Down The Drain As U.K.s May Suffers Heaviest Parliamentary Defeat In The Democratic Era
THREAD.
Sounds better than #brexit
This also describes the US shutdown - "Brexit has been a catastrophic political failure. This messy, unpopular deal, the most unpopular government policy that anybody can remember, was produced by a political class that turned out to be ignorant"
Fail to deliver Brexit and the voters will be distancing themselves from both Corbyn and May .... Any party committed to REAL BREXIT will sweep up ... Do they care if the MSM call them far right or extreme ... NO ... Extreme situations require extreme alternatives and politics
Mmm, I wonder if they realize that a no deal #Brexit will put a stop to top class players from EU countries coming to the Premiership. Probably not! #PeoplesVote
It's everywhere
Mark Carney warns of volatility after MPs vote down Brexit deal via
Steve Hilton: Original intent of Brexit - restoring freedom and sovereignty - buried by inept bureaucrats #FoxNews
"After the historic defeat of Theresa May's Brexit deal in parliament last night,"
I mean, didn't the , of which is a member, just send MPs an open letter extolling all the woes that *Brexit* will wreak on higher ed? THE CALL IS COMING FROM INSIDE THE HOUSE!
Genius. "...of Boris Johnson – not so much a statesman as an Oxfam donation bag torn open by a fox"
my ass will LAUgh I HAVE SAID SINCE BREXIT THIS WOULD JAPPENC
Steve Hilton: Original intent of Brexit - restoring freedom and sovereignty - buried by inept bureaucrats | Fox News
People are fighting back....
See you are starting to understand now. At least getting there. Some leave voters will not be pleased they won't get the version of Brexit they voted for. It's why so many were angered at Mays deal, it wasn't what they wanted, and why many are angry at the prospect of no deal.
We are well and truly through the looking glass with this bunch of Tory maniacs. God help us, what a mess.
May's deal has been decisively voted down. As May said before the vote there are only two options left, no deal or no brexit. But there are 3 options. The only way to end this #Brexit chaos is to let the public settle the choices with a #PeoplesVote
PM faces crushing Brexit defeat and a vote of no confidence
An accurate representation of the UK government trying to make a decision... #Brexit
After Defeat on #Brexit Plan, Theresa #May Faces No-Confidence Vote. Look for UK version of #Manafort #Russian Ties
How is your day going? Likely better than Theresa May’s day? #brexit
They seem to have a knack of interviewing pro-Brexit members of the public, too
“Good luck implementing a thing which doesn’t exist”
A votes a vote. You cant start moaning after it. There was no second vote last night, because thats how it works. And brexit was close but leave won. No second vote, or there will be a 3rd 4th 5th
Gold Holds Steady Near $1,300/oz As Geopolitical Risks Including Brexit Loom Large
have faith in the UK and take comfort that, with a WTO Brexit, when the going gets tough for German industry, if not Eire farmers, will ensure an EU fudge for Eire/NI border, in order to facilitate a proper UK wide “Canada+++” FTA before 31-12-2019!
I know. Corbyn is not in power. You will see today when his motion will be defeated. If Labour will do a deal with Tories, EVERYTHING that will go wrong with the economy after Brexit will be blamed on Corbyn. It already is at every #PMQ and yet Labour is not in power for 8 years
Of course, that's why I said "if labour won the general elections it would get a people's mandate to reverse Brexit". If Labour stands for election by saying "we want to remain in the EU" and won, the people would also vote for that For the record, I'm against a second referendum
Hard Brexit
Five players who could be forced back to Premier League with no deal Brexit
My pharmacist has just told me and indeed told me last week as well that they are unable to get any Naproxen 500g tablets for my wife's prescription. I thought you were stockpiling drugs so that we don't have to. Please advise #Brexit
I'm convinced now that the only people who don't want Brexit are the ones who's job is not under threat from the massive influx of foreigners constantly coming in to this country
Brexit is morphing into an epic cultural struggle. A new elite- forged in New Labour's pomp and embedded across Parliament and our cultural landscape- are fighting to Remain, not just in the EU, but dominant. Their economic predictions are always wrong. This, tho, is about power.
Not really care anything much related to the recent Brexit deal vote. All I know is that UK is in huge shambles.
please investigate BBC coverage of brexit NOT one Positive statement on how good it will be for uk No interviews on upside none its abuse its bias its bbc
The latest The Abdullah Hamad Daily! #brexit #us
EU and UK are nearing a 'no deal' Brexit neither want: Moscovici -
Very true Jon, it takes 2 to tango, everyone should now put their political posturing aside, &amp; get into some rooms face-to-face &amp; just negotiate a sensible FTA that works for all citizens of the UK/EU. There is legal text, that will go along way to resolve the NI issue
Brexit is to MAGA what Teresa May is to Donald Trump. Utter failures. #WednesdayWisdom
Here's one controversial opinion: I honestly don't think May is as weak as people claim she is. She was the only one who stepped up (after all the pre-Brexit politicians ran the fuck away) and even tried to make a deal at all. The only problem is that the bronze medal sucks.
It feels like anything could happen with Brexit tbh.... but these are the seven main options
Macron is the GOAT
The day after Brexit...
taking sarcy to a new level...
5 things to know for January 16: Brexit, William Barr, Kenya, El Chapo, shutdown - CNN
Rich of Corbyn to say what brexit must be - nobody compromising yet so will just have to wait and latest moment. #BrexitBarometer
Looking forward to seeing your name there. You know it's the right thing to do. 71 Labour MPs urge Corbyn to swing behind second Brexit referendum - full list
We can change Government every five years or less. Brexit would take decades to fix, and would starve government of the funds to fix these issues. Stopping Brexit is urgent, fixing poverty is a long term job.
I think she’ll keep negotiating. Possibly extend. Think she’ll go Hard Brexit only as the last resort. GE won’t resolve anything , waste of time atm. 2nd ref would be bad if it returned remain , so I think that’s a no go.
MT A J S Um...the UK is being trolled about our politics by Americans. That's how screwed we are. #Brexit
'Churchill's Funeral' 2014, BBC. #Brexit #BorisJohnson #brexitdebate #Churchill #bbcnews
A No deal Brexit will simply not happen. Time to get Cameron's renegotiation on the table and revoke Article 50, Mr Tugendhat. There's no point whatsoever in staying in the CU and (quasi) SM with no seat, say or vote. Please don't do this to the country
I mean, the reasons are obviously political, but he's not gonna get his way unless someone more Brexit-y becomes PM. It's a stalling tactic to no deal by default.
Today's Plan: Watch my shambles of a country fall apart over Brexit, and play some Far Cry 5 and/or Football Manager 19. The week off everyone wishes they had.
erm no. Accept the vote. All politicians come together to make Brexit Work, or WTO DEAL. There are too many mps who forget this is a democracy and the public pay your wages. We had a democratic vote. You can't go again to get the decision you want
A true man of the people!
Damn, me too and I have just missed it because of all this stupid Brexit stuff.
Search on for Brexit consensus after May's crushing defeat: Prime Minister Theresa May on…
#Marketing industry urges government to establish alternative #Brexit deal.
Trade warns May's Brexit defeat leaves industry "limbo":
Last month, Theresa May's government was found in contempt of Parliament, a first in British history. And yesterday, her Brexit plan suffered the worst defeat in modern times. , and join.
Merkel tells May there is still time to negotiate Brexit deal with EU
Hilarious moment two Welsh men get into a heated row over Brexit
Correct. It was a carefully worded truth to deceive the believers. Corbyn will go for norway style brexit . He will not go for 2nd referendum. And to be honest, this is as good as it is gonna get for remainers or leavers.
#Brexit: Be Prepared To Pay More, via #construction
Tfw ur worried about the rising price of British Soup
Brenter
If you live in the South West, make sure to tune into tonight at 6:30pm to watch talking about #Brexit
Read my letter about the importance of a second referendum
Brexit #6: Another general election wouldn't solve our problems any more than another referendum. It would just be time-wasting. Ditto extending the Article 50 deadline.
If we choose to implement it... (if Brexit happens!)
What are the implications of a no-deal Brexit for British travellers?
People in Edinburgh have given their reaction to Theresa May losing the vote on her #Brexit deal.
However this doesn't take into account the reality of the absence of other options; a situation we are fast approaching
For some reason...it just doesn't seem to be able to come out... #Brexit
futures up ,,, take a fib 50 % retrace measure from spx highs to dec lows,,, which is 2644 ,,an above close ,,, then 2812 ,,,before new highs,, pot stocks on buy list , with 1-2 day declines,,,, a buy ,, Brexit muted market response means move still to come
How does a no-confidence motion work, and what's next for May?
The British Fashion Council Calls For People's Vote On Brexit
Brexit, El Chapo, Nairobi: Your Wednesday Briefing - The New York Times
Food shortages and medicine shortages possible with no-deal Brexit. The dumpster fire of UK politics just may edge out the US, but we've got time to catch up.
PamyBot2:~$ #forex #fx #EA "$GBPUSD Technical Analysis: Cable hugs 1.2850 as #Brexit uncertainties unfold
Timing!
Daniel Finkelstein his the nail on the head - it's time to call a halt to this nonsense, face down the ideologues on the left and right of politics - and demand a People's Vote on the final terms of any Brexit Deal or No Deal.
Black pill anyone??
We only ever had a hard border because of Republicans, claims DUP's Sammy Wilson
The new solution to the Brexit crisis is that we all move to the top of Mount Everest. It's the Norgay option. #brexit #BrexitVote
‘Build The Wall!’: ‘Angel Families Protest Outside Pelosi’s Office, Demand Border Security - #Brexit #Brexitchaos #Hungary #Resist
London house prices have been falling over the year each month since July 2018, while potential buyers and sellers have been postponing transactions in the south of England until after the EU withdrawal. #Brexit #Mortgage #Housing
Any danger of you doing any oif the lies on this thread?
#Brexit #Britain #Pound #Europe The reaction of the British pound to the blistering defeat of May in the Brexit vote is astonishing: More UK traders believe now that a hard Brexit will be less likely, but exactly the opposite is likely to be the case! Be careful with GBP trades!
Trump is worse for the world, but if they go through with Brexit, that will be worse for them than Trump is for us. Hard as that may be up believe.
For the first time in a long while, it's finally looking like a bright future may be ahead.
Tenants win £1.8k rental Brexit dividend
He feels is I do you can’t ignore the vote of the referendum, regardless of how abhorrent it was, but electing Labour to ensure a fair Brexit not only for Britain but the remaining members of the EU is the wisest route
#UniversalCRedit thread
compromise is to give in to the #eu #cartel. time #FTA &amp; to get it's house in order &amp; stop being a poodle. Remember your "not" the confederation of European Business.
#uk NOT #MAGA ING! Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
May has completely made up her "red lines". Absolutely nobody told her that this is what Brexit meant. She has somehow intuited what people wanted when they voted leave but she is surely one of the least empathic figures in public life. She clings to them purely from egotism.
Don't get used to it; in the post Brexit hellscape these are dinner.
you are Embarrassing and degrading Scotland. You don’t speak for all of Scotland. The brexit vote was a low turnout for Scotland. We have to except what the people in the uk want and that’s to leave the eu.
Nope! The Conservative boys put her there merely for their own amusement. Knowingly from the outset that THEY the orchestrators of Brexit Never hap ANY plan in place. They sinicall gambled. She has a ring in her nose.
Straight to the heart of the matter. "So Mrs blah, what's your take on supply chain disruption in the aerospace industry if we hard Brexit?" "Peaches, £1 for four, come and get your peaches". "Well thank you Mrs blah, I am sure your views will help inform government policy."
Deliberative democracy in action? A decent deal, or stay in single market, or else no-Brexit. Sensible immigration with free movement of labour. Not much appetite for the Singapore model. I think we know all of this but Parliament doesn't seem to be able to deliver it.
Feeling gloomy about Brexit? Here are 10 Brilliant things that have happened since Brexit Vote #brexit #leaveeu #peoplesvote #remain
Agreed, get JC to support a vote, cancel Brexit and get back to tackling poverty and the decline in our public services. Please have a word
I would vote Brexit again just because job is a self righteous " I'm right ..your wrong..you can't reply to me on my show and get your point across..my opinion is all what matters..I love patronising every one .." It would be a great show..if wasn't for empathy goes a long way..
HERE WE GO AGAIN! FACT: MAY'S GOVERNMENT ARE TOTALLY AGAINST DEMOCRACY! THEY ARE REMOANERS! WE SHOULD DO THE NO DEAL IMMEDIATELY! LABOUR ARE JUST ANOTHER SHADE OF THE UN DEMOCRATIC TORIES! Theresa May omits Jeremy Corbyn from cross-party Brexit talks
Very much agree with . #EU should give up indivisibility of four freedoms, would make it more attractive to the British and probably also to many other populations. It's a holy cow and unjustified obsession of . #Brexit
Well that's his version. It soon became apparent that the unicorn shitting a rainbow Brexit he promised wasn't deliverable.
Dear PM, may I present Plan B. #TheresaMay #Brexit.
Had enough of this brexit shit, what a mess. While things a farce and noone k ow what we want or how much impact it will have on the economy. Give it a few years and we'll be voting (more like asking nicely) back in.
Exactly my argument. May spent millions on a GE because she assumed she’d win and have more power even though we weren’t due for one. No Brexit f**ckers we’re boycotting that we’re they?
What’s extraordinary is that MPs think people want a softer and dafter Brexit than May!
Brexit: EU opens door to further trade negotiations if Theresa May ditches red lines The EU just do not get it and if May compromises any more the UK will be lost for ever.
I don't know why is so keen on a #NoConfidence vote on the , clearly he doesn't put much stock in them. He lost one by his caucus 172-40 in 2016 and just ignored it. #UKPolitics #Ukpoli #Brexit
Brexit Meltdown as Theresa May is Massively Defeated on Her Crappy Deal via
“David Cameron: I don't regret calling referendum” Of course he doesn’t. These upperclass twits always “fail up”, he’ll be fine regardless of what happens with brexit.
I just published Brexit — the end of the beginning
Neither. Just a self serving crook like all the rest of 'em. #brexit
None of these 600 MP’s were ever going to let Brexit happen, ever, they know they can make the public think it’s their own idea to vote again, they will make sure the next vote goes the “correct” way &amp; we remain
Tory for de-selection competition: Today's contestant for undermining #Brexit is:- Get him out now.
Brit Lawmakers Crush Phony Brexit Deal by 2-1 Vote!!, 2526 via
I hope that all MP's that have made a mockery of Brexit will be voted out of parliament at the next election
I wish we could have a second referendum #Brexit
While all the #Brexit hot air is going on, peeps had better check the latest merry go rounds on the state pension for women &amp; also the pension credit that sliped out last night #CatOutOfTheBag
Nobody rates him, including a lot of Labour voters. He's had an open goal with Brexit, and he has fired over the bar
Go back to raping pigs you fucking inbred Tory cuntbag
The idea that Labour win an election without Corbyn backing a second referendum, and with his promise to implement Brexit (which he supports) is laughable.
Should anyone have any questions on this, get in touch with us. We'll put the questions to our colleagues at home to find out the answers. #IrishinBritain #AnIrelandforAll
DEMOCRACY BETRAYED: Did YOUR MP ignore your Brexit vote? Find out here
I keep accidentally saying "breakfast" instead of Brexit. Would much rather have breakfast anyway.
The problem wasn't the referendum. It was the government negotiating Brexit. It was never going to be easy, but Theresa May has mishandled both the domestic politics &amp; the negotiations w/ Brussels, every step of the way.
And he is the wierdo that married his mum
I'm firmly remain but try not to mention it when tweeting about brexit but still get grief if make any point!!!
It is an idea - but there are enough traitors in there that we could get a GE - the issue here is that this could stall the exit!
For those still trying to work out what Brexit is all about, here’s a handy infographic to explain it
None of these
The reason Jeremy Corbyn will never be prime minister is because of how incredibly bad he is at messaging re Brexit and referendum. “A Brexit deal that delivers for you“ simply does not exist.
Why Brexit is a living hell for Jeremy Corbyn… not just Theresa May
I tried to deal realistically with your point. Leaving aside your hyperbole, and the lack of interest in Brexit you see among the poor, can you at last explain how inflicting this economic self-harm will help them? I don't imagine they'll join the 'got our country back innit' mob
Nigel is Mr Brexit. It was him &amp; UKIP that got UK the Ref' in the first place. Show some respect. #MayMustResign #DrainingTheSwamp
When thinking about #brexit it's useful to remember that this is a country where people can't agree on the capital city's telephone area code
AUD and NZD Underperform on Chinese Warning, GBP Steady – US Market Open Pound has held rather steady since the large defeat for PM May and her Brexit plans, while AUD and NZD underperform on China warning. below short link
DealBook Briefing: ‘Brexit’ Deal Fails; What’s Next for Britain?
#BIGMAC: Trump’s Burgers, King "Censured", Twitter Pro-Sharia #BREXIT via I love this channel.
WELL DONE FM WE 60%+Scotland ready for OUR MANDATE #Indyref2 UK #PMQs utter CONTEMPT I will be Holyrood #Edinburgh tomorrow 11am-15pm =SCOTS SOVEREIGN POWER Defend Scotland from British Nationalist danger 72DAYS UK #BrexitChaos #DissolveTheUnion
Danny Dyer was dead right.
Nope, not at all. It’s a referendum on the ACTUAL Brexit options, rather than the impossibilities peddled by the leave campaign. It would create an actual mandate for the Brexit options, compared to remaining. This really isn’t that difficult to understand
hard BREXIT ... F-OFF basket case EU!! stick our £38Bn up your arse!! the BRAVE voted and WON
is open in #Europe, following the launch of their Brussels subsidiary. #LloydsBrussels #Brexit
CNN 6:27am STOCKS SET TO RISE DESPITE BREXIT UNCERTAINTY
It is not just Brits, especially the young, who will be hurt by a (no-deal) #Brexit. Millions of Arabs will be too, as Britain will seek to compensate for its lost trade with Europe by deepening ties with Arab despots and dictators, selling them ever more weapons.
. latest on the Brexit fiasco: Welcome to the Blunderdome aka Have you thought about theocracy instead?
And the Tory manifesto didn't state it was seeking a No Deal Brexit either ...
How the #brexit vote could affect #fintech and diversity in London via
I’m glad your now supporting a Border Poll &amp; hope that will continue outside the context of Brexit. We need to end partition, then the real work toward a Socialist Ireland can begin. Connolly knew this, and with all your quoting of him, so should you.
Read our latest article about Euroscepticism in Germany, the AfD and EPP Spitzenkandidat Manfred Weber of Bavaria's CSU. #Brexit #LeaveMeansLeave #AfD #CSU #Europawahl #EPP #EuropeanPeoplesParty #EU #EuropeanUnion #Germany #Deutschland
Steve Hilton: Original intent of Brexit - restoring freedom and sovereignty - buried by inept bureaucrats #Brexit #England #London #UK #EU
Proud to see presenting at The Future of Immigration Post Brexit conference. The power of relationships. #Leeds has a wealth of active citizens making a difference to the lives of new migrants #ImmigrationReform
Does this mean no Brexit ??
Pros of Brexit are damage, acknowledgement of damage and damage. No mention of the darling billionaires who might face EU tax avoidance laws.
Come on #FBPE let's get this account up there.
I hate brexit can they stop talking and tweeting about that. Everybody vote for labor I prefer to see man to be prime minister
I was in front of you when the yellow vest crew steamed down the pavement o/s College Green. You know, Brexit is feeding fascism. It has to be stopped. I would campaign for Labour, but know that if Brexit is not stopped there will be more unfairness, poverty &amp; injustice.
I think Chuka is right and is showing in Mayhems continued arrogance
Deal or no deal, it's worth remembering that the European #patent system will remain unaffected by #Brexit. Our video explains everything:
The Absolute Boy is coming for these Tory fuckers yaaaaaaaaaasssss #NoConfidence #NoConfidenceVote #Brexit #JC4PM2019 #JC4PM #PMQs #ToriesOut
Stephen Fry Narrates Two Animated Videos Explaining How Fear, Loathing &amp; Misinformation Drove the Brexit Campaign via
Nope. It's impossible. Here's why she should step down: because she has spent two years collapsing the country to the point of crisis, while telling people she would solve this Brexit thing, and the EU would cave in. In normal times, she'd be toast.
My village high street.....
Why Brexit is a living hell for Jeremy Corbyn... not just Theresa May
World stocks hold nerve after May’s Brexit defeat, pound steady #Asia #Business
A glance on his profile shows Mr Roberts likes strong men. The leap to easy solutions comes quickly. I daresay any damage is not his responsibility either. As long as #Brexit suits his interests...
#Brexit The biggest defeat in the history of the British Parliament, yet...
Bernie Sanders it is now the same across Europe! The French #YellowVest movement #UK #Brexit #ExtinctionRebellion the war on Globalism has begun.
The second time in 24 hours that the BBC has cut away from speaking as the leader of Scotland's largest party in the House of Commons. This is disgraceful. #NoConfidence #Brexit
More nonsense from Nadine. #brexitshambles #peoplesvote #FinalSay #Resistance #Brexit #BrexitChaos #BrexitDeal #PMQs
#Brexit explained in 5 seconds
I agree their is no solution other than hard brexit which is no good. BUT thats what happens when you have a vote when you really do not know what the options are. Everyone seems to forget that Britain just cannot go in and demand this and that and get what it wants.
10 Brilliant things that have happened since Brexit Vote
It’s a pity that the Lib Dem Dover and Deal candidate does not seem to be around much in the constituency. We need anti Brexit politicians here not in Portsmouth.
One can hope
OK. Here you go. If you want more remain bullshit from after the referendum let me know, I have got loads of it.
May is part of globalism. She needs TO GO! #Brexit
‘Without orderly and practicable solutions for commercial trade, jobs in the automotive industry will be at risk – especially in Britain’ Head of German Car Manufacturers Association
This is quite beautiful.
brazilian armys get nothing and trump 2.0
to get it ready for even more privatisation eh philip... #NHSLongTermPlan after all, its all your capable of, isn't it...
If there is one thing to come out of brexit, Scotland and Wales will be independent, Irish Republic will get the six counties in the North back and they will all rejoin the EU
"Take a second look, May urges MPs before Brexit vote" -
#Brexit is being forced on Ireland N/S by an English vote. These are the facts, a British border in Ireland and the threat to an international peace agreement #GFA are the main issues, issues they never even thought off, so no it's not Varadkar who is doing the interfering!
I do not understand why #TheresaMay has not resigned yet - The result last night was a Iron Mike-like knockout! #BrexitVote #Brexit
Thank heavens for basic common sense
On a busy couple days in Westminster. It’s refreshing to see talking about very important issues other than Brexit. Thank you for your continued support on such issues
“Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK”
On Bojo: “an oxfam donation bag ripped open by a fox”. The joy of reading on the horrors of brexit.
I think May wants to run down the clock to ensure we leave the EU at any cost. And my god that cost will be high. Our economy, society, science and culture will all be irreparably damaged for a generation. How low a level this country has been dragged down to by Brexit zealots.
If Corbyn was to stand on an old beer crate at Speakers Corner in Hyde Park the he would come across better, but in the HOC he is a country mile out of his depth in my opinion. #Brexit
BBC News - Brexit: Theresa May's deal is voted down in historic Commons defeat
Much said about future relationship with #EU essential #UK leaves on good terms with our neighbours -UK remain in EU will not work - for all our sakes a deal must be found- or generational strife IMO #Tories #Labour #Juncker #Tusk #PM #brexitbetrayal
Brexit is anti-elite.......or something
Go Captain Mercer! We are all behind you.
Goldman Sachs sees greater chance of Brexit being scrapped altogether after historic defeat
You people give Putin “The Boogieman”, and Russia too much credit!You act as if he is the most brilliant and skilled adversary the free world has ever gone up against! Tell me, was it the Russian Zar that gave birth to the idea of American Independence and the Revolutionary war?
Agreed, but again understandable. They will do everything to make a Brexit as difficult as possible. What did you expect? The 27 nations are sticking together, not split asunder like the shower running (I almost said ruining) this country. Did you read Daniel Finkelstein?
If you're fine with Brexit then good for you, but some of us don't have that luxury.
But how will this look if we leave the EU? Reduced env ironmental rules post brexit could affect this! This is a key brexit risk. What will bradford's brexit plan do to tackle it?
#May's #Deal is dead in the water. Her backbenchers are waiting for her to fall. #Brexit is not and will not be solved by this shambolic govt. No majority for any version on offer. Time for to get behind call for #PeoplesVote
Sums brexiteers up tbh, YOU CALLING ME A TURKEY
Britain's Theresa May faces 'no-confidence' vote after large Brexit defeat - USA TODAY via
Leave voters who are saying they’ll never vote again if Brexit doesn’t happen are exactly the type of people who shouldn’t be allowed to vote in the first place
Turkeys votinv for Christmas, best brexit line I’ve heard in a long time
We need a referendum in every EU state. Britain has had one. Let's see what the people of Europe really think. #EuropeanPeoplesVote #Brexit
I kind of get the push for a general election - but do they really think they can form government in an election where the ballot question is Brexit, without taking a real position on the issue? They're best when talking about austerity, but Brexit splits them in half
127. With UK still being 4th largest export destination for US you tell me whether UK was ever an ally to Europe.
Does anyone understand #Brexit anymore? My head hurts.
Kirsty, a back stop does not remain a threat to the union. The opposite in fact in the NI context. You have been listening to the DUP lies on this one. A Brexit without a backstop = wipes out the middle ground support for the union in NI.
'Catastrophic Defeat': UK Parliament rejects Theresa May's Brexit deal via
Pretty good in Selfservatives eyes!
Why Brexit is a living hell for Jeremy Corbyn... not just Theresa May
The people hurting from brexit the most is the youth regardless of how they voted...lack of opportunities, lack of job chances, lack of proper education...
Food industry demands more time for Brexit deal
Nine month delay is a mistake and wholly unnecessary.
Brexit vote: Donald Tusk hints UK should stay in EU. European Council President Donald Tusk has hinted that the UK should stay in the EU, after the prime minister's Brexit deal was rejected in parliament.
Philip Hammond in under 40 seconds #Brexit #satire #Autumnstatement #budget #autumnbudget #brexitbudget #DUP #TheresaMay #ToriesOut #Tories #MayMustGoNow #philiphammond #thebudget 30
Because they like hearing their names being called, it's the only way they remember them. Just think what would happen if she gave them mirrors and shiny beads.
May’s Brexit Deal Failed. What Happens Now?
Who you gonna believe? A unionist or the Scottish government. After the Brexit fiasco, I know where I would place my trust.
We had the best of 3 Cameron got elected because of his Brexit promise, the Referendum then the supporting GE.
Articulate MP, too rare.
Friend living in NZ voted for brexit. WTF
I respect you for your stance on Brexit in general but how can you think that you will achieve anything but temporary job security by keeping the government in place?
Escalating Brexit crisis shows Scotland needs option of independence in EU
This is the banana rack at the local supermarket *before* Brexit. Is it an artistic installation simulating a No Deal? We can’t even maintain steady supplies before Brexit — doesn’t exactly bode well. #brexit
Watch again: Parliament votes to reject Theresa May’s Brexit deal
In a break from the US media crap it’s nice to see the UK is as screwed up as everyone else... #Brexit #VoteOfNoConfedence
Kidnapping Miyabi Click link : #2009vs2019challenge #Spiderman #spidermanTH #Venom #Movies #Gillete #TuesdayThoughts #NationalHatDay #Girl #GilletteAd #TheFlash #Brexit #SDLive #BBB19 #Videos #bbb2019 #WayVisCOMING
Brexit, a damnedable ruse meant to save face by covering for City of London Corp off shore banks. Estimates are that there are probably $93 Trillion USAD belonging to *nobody* parked off shore. No one w/ a name, that is.
You look great, but you gone done a mirror selfie and that makes me think a no-deal Brexit could even happen.
Taking your first steps in the holiday rental business may seem daunting at first – even more so at the moment, with the uncertainty of Brexit hanging in the...
'Brextinct': front pages on Wednesday after May's Brexit vote defeat - The Guardian via
Again the world has gone crazy “after a terrorist attack made him question immigration” “Manchester concert” which was a year after Brexit Vote. I think we need to start testing peoples ability to vote. Not everyone should be allowed....
Brexit vote: European 'surprise' at scale of defeat
Ah, the Unicorn Brexit from Jezbollah....no
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK - CNNPolitics
Brexit: EU ‘demands fishing water rights' as price all-UK customs union
dlvr Russia Russias Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov Were not rubbing our hands with glee over Brexit + votered : votered
Labour’s Left Wing Sees Jeremy Corbyn and a Socialist Future Emerging From the Wreckage of Brexit
Brexit bill defeat prolongs uncertainty for industry and investors
Farage says Brexit majority will be BIGGER if there is new referendum via
Pound Sterling in Strong Recovery after Brexit Deal Voted Down.
Steve Hilton: Original intent of Brexit - restoring freedom and sovereignty - buried by inept bureaucrats
Kidnapping Miyabi Click link : #2009vs2019challenge #Spiderman #spidermanTH #Venom #Movies #Gillete #TuesdayThoughts #NationalHatDay #Girl #GilletteAd #TheFlash #Brexit #SDLive #BBB19 #Videos #bbb2019 #WayVisCOMING
Feels a bit like 'enemies' trying to resolve Brexit rather than so called friends and allies And all UK wants is a decent trade deal,without continuing down the political path that E.U wishes to take And just look what's going on
bed &amp; brexit
The BBC needs to be shut down immediately until it is able to be neutral. This is the real #fakenews
"Take a second look, May urges MPs before Brexit vote" -
#Brexit Britain Is a Nation in Desperate Need of a Driver - The New York Times via
Because all you other traitors want to halt Brexit.
We can waste more time arguing over non-existent options, or we can face up 2 the fact that #Brexit is, &amp; never was, a credible political programme, which is why the ONLY deal on the table got ripped apart as it did. 5/
As with trump in US, UK country mice voters surprised city mice. Now that the country sees the impact of what they have done, they want a do-over. So do we.
Opinion | Brexit has achieved the opposite of its goal
I’m a bit lost cuz the brexit deal was rejected and we’re leaving in March does that mean we’re gonna have a no deal brexit which sounds a bit shit?
SNP MP getting booed for saying “let’s be honest about No Deal”
The is ready for #Brexit. Its just the arrogant elitist buffoons in London who won't get on with the orders we gave them in 2016, and leave the toxic #EU
Kidnapping Miyabi Click link : #2009vs2019challenge #Spiderman #spidermanTH #Venom #Movies #Gillete #TuesdayThoughts #NationalHatDay #Girl #GilletteAd #TheFlash #Brexit #SDLive #BBB19 #Videos #bbb2019 #WayVisCOMING
No, I believe Theresa May is cunning, duplicitous &amp; is deliberately leading us into a situation where Brexit does not happen. The incredulous thing is, Conservative MPs who claim to want Brexit are going to watch it happen. Tonight there is a golden opportunity to get rid of May.
True, but any reasonable brexit is pretty pointless and doesn't do what anyone voted for. I guess immigration is the one bit they can deliver on. But it would mean Corbyn throwing his values under the bus somewhat.
2019 is a big year for the UK with #Brexit challenges to overcome, looking fwd to hearing how the #BuiltEnvironment can help our cities grow together at #BuildingLondon
Dear Brits, why oh why did you do that? Now Nutella will turn bitter Sauron will take the ring back Kitt will run out of gas Neo won't be the One John Wick will run out of ammo Stallone will be the next T-800 Please my dear Brits, Please please reconsider #Brexit #theresamay
To my amazement I find myself becoming addicted to live TV from Parliament in Westminster - because our lives depend on the Brexit outcome. Much better than any social media - is there a box set?
Lovely conversation today between my mum and a chap from Bahrain. He was asking about this country's politician- she was rally good explaining Brexit to him. They both agreed we are the second biggest laughing stock after the USA.
Change the government it has failed already terribly don't give it another chance #Brexit
Maybot delivers her #Brexit plan B
A smart and depressing analysis of the endlessly unresolved Brexit mess.
Why stop at voting? Let’s kill the over 75s they’re a waste of public money eh #Jamelia ?
Imagine the profiteering - both 'legal' and illegal - there would be from a no-deal brexit...
Totally right - please won’t someone in government step up and stop the embarrassing Brexit lunacy. There are plenty of sensible UK citizens who DO NOT WANT TO LEAVE THE EU.
Merkel? Didn’t she get drummed unceremoniously out of power?? Who does she think she is? Is she the Leader of Europe who single handedly shut down Schengen? Sit diwn and be quiet lady. You have no shame.
According to the independent UK Trade Policy Observatory analysis in the North West, 80,942 jobs would be lost in the case of No Deal Brexit. #NoDealNoChance
It's easy to forget these amid all the parliamentary histrionics...What is Theresa May's Brexit deal? Key points explained
Kidnapping Miyabi Click link : #2009vs2019challenge #Spiderman #spidermanTH #Venom #Movies #Gillete #TuesdayThoughts #NationalHatDay #Girl #GilletteAd #TheFlash #Brexit #SDLive #BBB19 #Videos #bbb2019 #WayVisCOMING
oh absolutely, same as was done to 1950's women; will create even more poverty, hardship, homelessness, ill health
They are not democrats as they are ignoring a Referendum result and Party manifesto. Not to be trusted #DrainTheSwamp
Well said #LetsGoWTO #NoDealBrexitBrexit #NoDealNoProblem #nodeal #LeaveMeansLeave
Theresa May omits Jeremy Corbyn from cross-party Brexit talks
You have no capacity to understand why millions of Labour supporters voted to Leave EU. You don’t care, as you consider should have followed your lead to Remain. You will understand at next election as millions seen what Labour is &amp; vote for Alternative parties.
STOP BREXIT
STILL, STILL, STILL waiting for Brexit
you will earn the undying gratitude of the nation if you take us swiftly to a people's vote. Article 50 must be extended at the very least until #Brexit can be cancelled. The £ can regain some losses we can get our diabetes shots and go to Palma this summer. QED
Pound will remain volatile after Brexit delay hope sparks rebound, says Carney #irishbiz #Ireland #Irish #Sme
Is this Hammond?
Was he? Really? I may not have voted for #brexit but I doubt many would have wanted to go with that deal! is doing what she see is best and voting against a deal that would bring no benefit. If we have to leave, we should be doing so on the best deal possible!
Amazing
Brexit vote explained in one minute - BBC News via
Or just Tevoke and forget this Brexit nonsense!
With a no-confidence motion tabled and the chances of a no-deal Brexit becoming increasingly likely, what do East London MPs have to say?
In a parallel universe a no con vote on Corbyns leadership and plan for Brexit is winning
Formidable
First, we should repeal Article 50. Then we should consult the people of this country what post Brexit deal they would want with the EU. Then put it to a referendum.
This is fascinating - if we do wind up with a hard border, I'm off to live with my cousins in Galway #backstop #brexit
Make money with me Trading FOREX with me LIVE. I show you how. Follow me. I follow back in 5 min. #forex #Brexit
#Slovak Prime minister: We must prepare for hard #Brexit
Just having a nice relaxing cup of tea and a hand crafted artisan fish finger sandwich on batch with relish and coleslaw listening to #liveline Full recipe details and instructions on my healthy eating and food blog and my forthcoming #Brexit cookbook...
u normally win most of theae but here je is showing when it comes to u making money what u care about disappears and u are exactly like !
Oldy but Goody...
David Davis looks like he's just woken up from the deepest imaginable slumber #Brexit
New post: Balfour boss in Brexit blast at Chancellor
This tweet is...perfection.
This is pretty much what I think. They're all tripping over themselves trying to find the courage to simply give up on Brexit. It should be clear to most Leave voters that it shouldn't pass with a .5% margin. Stricter consensus is needed to leave, and it will never be there.
Am I only the one who now finds the positions of all parties and sides in the Brexit debate mind-numbingly stupid?
Time to repost this helpful chart explaining Brexit. Now everything should be perfectly clear.
Mays deal delivers Brexit - your guys had that choice last night and decided against. Even the Leave campaign admits that a No deal would be catastrophic. Everyone needs to take a step back and have a look at reality as it is now - a #PeoplesVote is best for both sides
I'm a permanent resident. Have been for several years now. So there's no need to register if you have done it already. But we will need to re-apply to get our status back in the event of a no-deal brexit.
I don’t think it’s ambiguous at all, considering labour’s policies on immigration, economics, and education, it’s going to be a much better brexit than the tories whatever the plan. Personally I think Corbz being a socialist will go for a people’s vote.
The Tories are doing plenty of awful things besides cocking up Brexit. Any of those?
British Empire is gone...No Sovereignty...EU Puppets now...shameful loss to the Western World. #BrexitShambles #Brexit #BrexitVoteNullAndVoid #HelloSharia
You may not coment.. #Brexit you piece of crap ultraleft company.. Soros booty licker's.. You will not be allow to speak.. #Brexit is inevitable.. People say OUT.. Out of freeky EU with nigger's and society like you... God Bless Qeen of England! And Theresa May..!
Michel government finalising draft legislation faced with Brexit
I don’t forgive (well I have 0 percent chance to think better about) France. France which is shithole said that UK would be first most failed country after leaving EU. UK will be the first successful country after Brexit means Brexit came true
Yeah but would you have a Parliament that's clearly decided on the question of #Brexit? Wouldn't it be a good thing?
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
What they do not get is people have already lost faith in politicians!!! They have a bloody cheek saying this, after the sheer mess and disaster they have created, which is only for themselves anyway! Brexit is for them not us. #StopBrexitSaveBritain
British expats buy cheaper pints as Brexit chaos threatens Spanish idyll: -
Not right now there isn't. Yesterday the Govt was dealt one of the heaviest blows in the history of Parliament. Brexit negotiations will affect people in this country possibly for generations. It is the issue right now, the absolute priority. Corbyn can be wrong y'know.
i imagine the gov. will survive tonight's vote.i think,however,it's unwise just to focus on this vote as brexit -centric;this's a government that has been found in contempt;lost a central policy vote by the highest ever margin;&amp;is led by a party that tried to dislodge its leader.
I was mad about being an evolutionary throwback, until I realised how useful it'll be to have the vestigial ability move around the trees after Brexit.
Professor Fragkiskos Filippaios ( ) from comments on the ongoing uncertainty for businesses after Theresa May's Brexit deal was defeated in the commons. #expertcomment #brexit
I say bo**ocks to Bercow.
What do you think will happen next? Please RT for bigger sample #Brexit #NoConfidenceVote
Please can we have one of these? #ministryofallthetalents #PMQs #Brexit
What top law firms are doing to prepare for Brexit via
After Theresa May's record loss in the #Brexit vote, 71 Labour MPs have called for the #PeoplesVote. But how would a hard Brexit affect UK #science?
Opinion: Just like the Suez crisis, Brexit humiliation is stark reminder of Britain's waning global influence
U.K. Parliament’s Rejection of Brexit Deal Puts European Union in a Bind - The Wall Street Journal #usa #news
Things moving possibly? Perhaps? Maybe?
If Theresa May would be open to randomly shuffling her Ipod or Spotify account and would announce the first 10 or 15 songs that come up then I might be open to hearing what she has to say about Brexit. Until then, I don't trust her or any politician that is unwilling to do this.
So how does this stack up with thus mornings comments from Long-Bailey that Labour will persue a #Brexit policy if there is a GE
What the hell is this tweet
Another referendum will take us nowhere ...there will be all the same objections who ever wins....too many people think they know better than anyone else ?....
How to govern a divided country? #Brexit
I've found it for you using this thing called the internet:
Southport's Brexit quoted at 46% ~ Attributed in print media to source Professor of Politics Royal Holloway University London. Food for thought ?
Only if this could take place on homesoil
Imagine being honest about an impossible choice to your voters?
Westminster - The #Brexit Clash! 'Should I stay or should I go now, If I go there will be trouble, and if I stay there will be double. So come on &amp; let me know, The indecision's bugging me, if you don't want me, set me free'......
very entertaining your EU propaganda show, especially when Jacob Rees-Mogg mugged you off, made you look like you need to go back to school, proper revision is needed when you go head to head with a expert.#youarestillaloser #Brexit
Last night I was delighted to attend a fantastic #farming discussion group in #pembrokeshire with the support of Iwan from and Michaela from . We had some great discussions with the 20+ attendees on #makingtaxdigital &amp; #brexit Thanks to
Possibility of no deal Brexit is as high as ever, risking a UK recession this year. Read more here: #marketviews #brexit
Agreed. Lexit is impossible, no matter who the government or Prime Minister is
Retweeting a petition. Yes. That is the solution. #Brexit
So your saying that categorically said that if the motion of no confidence fails,he will back a #PeoplesVote ? I hope he did, but I'm not so sure....#Brexit
#Brexit. #The European Press Worries, So Should The UK? On Morocco, will the EU ignore its own court Heidi Hautala and Jytte Guteland euobserver in Brussels
Do you think there would be a Brexit happening right now if not for Farage and UKIP? He made a new political party with one goal, achieved it, then left still holding a position as a MEP. Who has been more successful in achieving their political goals? Please tell.
Theresa May faces no-confidence vote after Brexit defeat, but most experts say she'll hang on
#Brexit - takes a look at the big questions for #employers within the UK, on the other side of the Channel in Europe - and further afield. For a global perspective on Brexit live, as it unfolds see: #EmploymentLaw #LabourLaw #GlobalHRLaw
Until he backs it - him personally - then yes, Corbyn's Brexit position is unambiguous. The only saving grace of Theresa May, amongst her many many flaws, is that nobody is in any doubt whatsoever what her Brexit looks like. Rubbish Brexit, for sure. But clearly defined rubbish.
Listen to &amp; encourage MPs to work together for a #CitizensAssembly on #Brexit.
WELL DONE FM WE 60%+Scotland ready for OUR MANDATE #Indyref2 UK #PMQs utter CONTEMPT I will be Holyrood #Edinburgh tomorrow 11am-15pm have MANDATE SCOTS SOVEREIGN POWER Defend Scotland 62%NO #BrexitVote 72 DAYS UK #BrexitChaos #DissolveTheUnion
Look for business flyer ? Please contact
Brexit: Peter Kyle and Theresa May on new EU referendum: -
I don't think you understand the cycle this will cause, leave wins again -&gt; you will want another vote because of some excuse -&gt; remain wins -&gt; leavers want another vote -&gt; repeat. If brexit is just ignored then there will be riots, and it won't be pleasant.
Small reminder that with the tactical votes that received from people supporting #Remain trying to stop getting a landslide at #GE2017 - #Labour still *lost* that General Election. #Brexit #BrexitVote #PMQs #PeoplesVote #FBPE
The UK's May Tory government is illegitimate. She is a disaster and is holding the country to ransom. Tories don't give a stuff about government's role in systemic wealth inequality #Brexit
Hold a Second Brexit Referendum via
Exactly, it's not leave against remain, it's the masses against the classes.
‘[…] the worst thing for Scotland is to be thirled to Westminster when it’s making such a mess of things.’ Quite. An a guid Scots wird in ‘thirled’, tae, frae .
You, an uncultured swine: Let’s call it “Brexit.” Me, an intellectual: Let’s call it “Britain’s a gittin” #Brexit
God knows what they have up their sleeve now. I've lost hope of Brexit.
Frau Merkel doesn't want to extend Article 50. That should certainly piss off Frau Soubry.
Crooks !
BREXIT : A referendum is a constitutional instrument. How can a referendum be repeated/substituted by another ? We do not pass a bill twice. If Brexit is repeated I.e, if another referendum is held to overturn the former, it would be violation of constitution
How can the Brits vote for #Brexit and their administration not exit the EU? And how can the EU force the UK to stay?
Yes I am - May really is a Robot, same old same old as if she hadn’t just suffered a massive defeat the day before
What Grace wants would mean Labour taking the UK out of the EU on a No Deal basis. The hit to the economy that would cause would not affect her, but it would devastate millions of less privileged Brits.
Dear Mr Khan, just a monthly reminder that despite spending 15.5 out of last 17 years as a London EU "Citizen" I am not even entitled to apply for settled status as we have been away from Ldn for 18 Mth to take a "Brexit hate break" #londonisopen #londonisnotopen
She knew what she was doing because she has seen the support in Westminster the huge march, she knew she was upsetting probably half the country &amp; the PLP in the chamber didn't notice? Corbyn MUST tell us today where he stands on brexit.
Read my letter about the importance of a second #Brexit referendum
Brexit is just FAKE drama. The Earth is not a Globe. Open Your Eyes. Use your Logic... #Brexit #BrexitVote #FlatEarth #FlatEarthers #flatearthnews #flatearthsociety #conspiracy #conspiracytheory #nasa #NASAlies #scientist #scientific
How we laughed at her saying that that last night after her record defeat .
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
PH armys gets traffic and the glare of the sun (tng na mainit sa pinas)
Should I Stay Or Should I Brexit? #EUsongsOrBands
The result of last night's vote on Theresa May's Brexit deal is greater political uncertainty than ever before and the looming possibility of a no deal Brexit by 29 March. Where do we go from here?
Here's how every MP voted on Theresa May's Brexit deal
Note to self: try harder!
Absolutely spot on. We need to be actually serious about these things and not fall prey to a socialism not based on a material attempt to actually confront capital
"No majority in London for Brexit deal": German Ministry of Foreign Affairs issues advice on no deal.
After Theresa May's #Brexit House of Commons defeat, what happens next? Read more from :
German auto industry association has issued a prediction of what might happen if there's a no-deal Brexit. #BrexitDeal #NoDealBrexit #Cars #jobs #manufacturing #exports
Labour can't compromise. Social Democrats can.
Umm why? It's not being an ideologue to expect a result to be enacted... it's actually bad manners
Beyond belief that #Brexit has obscured real problems.
Brexit negotiation... Some scholars argue Brexit deals with hyper nationalism over Europe followed by Trump nationalism policy over trade and security.
can we get a debate on the having #Brexit officially renamed #clusterfuck? I'm sure there's a few hundred thousand who'd vote for that.... I for one would relish hearing all MPs being bleeped when they talked about clusterfuck. They might actual make more sense?
I would have expected that the leader of the opposition would echo words of condolences with the victims of Kenya. No, he didn’t do that instead he was more interested at going straight in with the #Brexit debate last night. Appalling #PMQs
MAY ON BRINK: Labour trigger NO-CONFIDENCE VOTE - Corbyn LASHES OUT at PM - LABOUR leader Jeremy Corbyn triggered a vote of no confidence against Prime minister Theresa May...
I see. I think you have misread the article. The researcher is saying that the market is priced on the basis that there will be no deal. The trade they recommend is that the market will become more positive about a deal when May tacks to the softer brexit.
The recruitment industry reacts to last night's #Brexit vote.
Take your time Corbyn, not like the country is under pressure or the effects of Brexit aren't punishing people just now...
Only a radiant brexit means brexit! Anything else, such as a front brexit, would be a farce.
How do you know this Red? And to state that you expect a more ‘educated’ vote this time insults the intelligence of every pro #Brexit vote - it’s exactly the attitude that will IMO leave to the same result in any 2nd referendum.
A reputable and professional Prime Minister should resign after a case like Brexit yesterday. However, Theresa May is very distant from professionalism.
The Finance 202: May's Brexit plan just collapsed. Here's what's next.
You're incorrectly conflating a rise in racist attacks with Brexit. You're unable to establish any kind of link between racism and a majority of the electorate that voted to leave the EU. I'd suggest you don't actually understand what racism is.
Following the historic #meaningfulvote, Head of #Brexit urges businesses to take action..."The time to act is now". Read our full press statement here: #TimeToAct #BeyondBrexit
If every MP who stood on a brexit manifesto worked for Brexit we’d be out by now
In a few days, the living voters who voted to Remain will outnumber the living voters who voted Leave.
UK PM May faces confidence vote as Brexit goes down to the line #Pigs
oder "the Trump Way of Life" "I'll shut down Britain until there is my Brexit !"
‘Still time to negotiate,’ Merkel Says After Brexit Vote
May’s Brexit Deal Failed. What Happens Now? - The New York Times
No, neither do I but I know of 17.4 million very angry #Brexit voters who have no confidence in the Party to deliver Democracy and you will pay the price come the next election if you fail to deliver a genuine Brexit which we all voted for!
So the U.S is witnessing its longest government shutdown in history and the U.K is in a big mess with brexit and no one is proclaiming the caliphate to take over? Smh ummah is really lost
A US partial government shutdown, more Brexit chaos and continued US/China trade uncertainty: yet global markets were mostly positive last week. Our European Trading Desk Team explores why. #markets #investing #US #China
. : Pigs more likely to fly than Brexit legislation to be completed by March 29th
But the membership especially the young love him, though he's losing support over Brexit
Because Brexit isn't the only issue affecting the country.
Really interesting piece by here
Brexit vote: European 'surprise' at scale of defeat - BBC News via #technews #technology
What would a 2nd referendum achieve,, the people voted and we no the result,, it’s the MPs that are not following the result and that’s the problem,, 64% of constituencies voted to leave so 64% of MPs should be backing brexit
Ah so likes to kick the cab down the road too! Well it doesn’t matter what any of you want ! #Brexit on #WTODeal!
Running down the clock to cliff-edge Brexit. Sure, she probably would have been happy if her deal had passed, an orderly Brexit, but now it's been killed off a cliff-edge will be just as good. She has all those overseas Brit tax havens to protect from new EU tax laws, afterall.
Imagine him negotiating with Brussels, socialist old git #brexit #TheOffice
Brexit 'horror show' provokes fears of steeper decline More than £15,600 has been wiped off the value of the average home in the capital...
‘Still time to negotiate,’ Merkel Says After Brexit Vote
SNP Westminster leader pressed on if Brexit 'plan B' will just be a rehashed plan A #PMQs
The British Ports Association urges the U.K. government to avoid a ‘disorderly withdrawal’ from the EU following parliament’s rejection of the Brexit deal. Learn more about their illuminating concerns! #Brexit #Ports
John Allan urges politicians to find a way past current impasse but does he admit the current situation is largely due to too much weight given to the short-sighted interests of big business? #Brexit
U.K. parliament rejects the Brexit deal by an overwhelming majority! Will this decision trigger the next significant disruption of supply chains, and what impact will it have on both these and businesses within the U.K.? Let us know your thoughts! #Brexit #SupplyChain
You said it’s primarily an identity movement. It’s not. It’s a perfectly reasonable desire to take back control. Various forms of “soft Brexit” have been proposed. Some are so soft that they can’t honestly be called Brexit. I haven’t kept pace with ’s views.
Moving into spaghetti western territory
How does that fix Brexit? We would still be out of the EU?
Fuck Brexit: Bob and Roberta Smith on why the UK’s current trash fire needs to be binned
Yes. Our total contrib to the EU is abt £19Bn pa but we get back £4.1Bn in grants &amp; £5Bn back as a rebate. Since 2016 that's abt £25.6Bn net cost, while UK GDP growth has fallen by £64Bn because of #Brexit. That's a net LOSS of abt £38.4Bn for the NHS or anything else.
Wednesday 16th January: Asian markets subdued on Brexit vote
Gina Miller Urges Labour Frontbench To Back Second Brexit Referendum
Remainers have undermined Brexit including Quisling &amp; who plot to force UK back into EU &amp; euro - should not latter pay back his bonus &amp; get sacked for total utter unadulterated failure ? #NoDealNoProblem
Before there is even talk of a referendum at least 400 MPs must stand down Anna Soubry, Chuka Umunna and many others have made it clear they will not implement Brexit, they are completely untrustworthy and make a second referendum a pointless exercise Resign, you are worthless
Brexit uncertainty: What next for SA? |
Sounds like PM being careful not to antagonise her own MPs any further on #Brexit plans ahead of confidence vote later.
This loser bitch needs to step down keeps attacking , plans to sideline him from cross-party Brexit talks
Operation Earnest Voice: artist Jonas Lund’s performative installation aimed to ‘reverse Brexit’. During 4-day project , the artist was joined by a team of 'employees' to explore how online propaganda tools can sway public opinion
Theresa May's Brexit deal has been defeated. Now, to stop a No Deal Brexit, we need more time. I’ve signed the emergency petition calling for Article 50 to be extended or withdrawn. You can sign it, and sign up to hear more from , here:
UK parliament votes down Prime Minister May’s #Brexit deal - World Socialist Web Site
After suffering crushing defeat on her Brexit withdrawal bill last night, Theresa May responded to the crisis by offering an olive...
A very British thing to do...Parliament will soon put aside #Brexit to debate the proper height of a letter box via #BrexitVote #TheresaMay #TheresaMaysDeal
At the next General Election, I HOPE those Leave voters who have a Remain MP will vote for a Leave candidate instead. It's the only way to get true Brexit, by getting more PRO-Leave MPs into Parliament.
. Macron can be honest about the fraud in the 2016 referendum, and its political consequences. Why can't we?
Brexit Poker
Professor Michael Arthur, UCL President &amp; Provost addresses EU staff and students in light of Parliament voting against the Government’s proposed Brexit deal on 15 January 2019.
Re-tweeted without comment
I only vote for Scottish parties Why would I vote for a foreign country to govern Scotland Why don't you people stop and look at the bloody mess England has got your country in including the Iraq war to the Brexit bloody mess
There is only ONE thing wrong with Labour right now. It's intransigence in the no U Turn to REMAIN, NOT BREXIT ... So no opposition at all. DECLARE A REFERENDUM OPPORTUNITY will backed by a Labour Administration wanting to REMAIN. Otherwise we all lose. SNP talking sense here!
Let’s hope the connectivity problem wasn’t #Brexit related?
Brexit #7: The reflex desire to put off making a choice (governing) is a reaction to the terror of new-found sovereignty, a responsibility Parliament has lost the habit of over the past 45 years.
Nobody wonders why it's so hard to leave the EU Reich? Why can't UK simply go to similar terms with EU countries as in 1972 or join EFTA? EU is acting as a sect... #Brexit
A little disco groover for you all!
we need a plan for brexit asap, i don't want a no deal and having issues getting hold of my meds
I supose brexit is a strong headache. Happy Mondays is a good painkiller.
Quite scary really.
Remainers have undermined Brexit including Quisling &amp; who plot to force UK back into EU &amp; euro - should not latter pay back his bonus &amp; get sacked for total utter unadulterated failure ? #NoDealNoProblem
Global Markets: Asian Stock Markets : Nikkei down 0.64%, Shanghai Composite up 0.00%, Hang Seng up 0.24%, ASX up 0.35% Commodities : Gold at $1291.15 (+0.21%), Silver at $15.62 (+0.02%),...
Have I missed something we voted to leave not have referendum after referendum so stop whinging and let's get on with a no deal Brexit as for Corban the little terrorist supporting ahhhh
Pretty trenchant summary of the Brexit situation from the French president.
Are you struggling to plan your finances due to #Brexit uncertainty? If so, read our latest article to fully understand your #financial #planning options for #2019
Are you struggling to plan your finances due to #Brexit uncertainty? If so, read our latest article to fully understand your #financial #planning options for #2019
What a cheek! He set the referendum up to stop the Tories from tearing themselves apart, didn’t get the result he thought and then disappeared from sight and now says this! What an arrogant man!
No, Mr Macron, not everybody fears no deal brexit. Only the people who used to dream of having "a British Macron", until quite recently.
The car industry is struggling anyway,nothing to do with No deal Brexit
Could we change when the tories won the general election I never voted for them but democracy says they won so get on with it brexit is no different democracy must win or there will be riots
He wants a Brexit deal that keeps freedom of movement on the table, that keeps our borders open to the influx of third world migration, I don’t no which bad party is better it’s just more of the same from both of them.
Of course It wouldnt be a #BigDay at #Westminster without ...... #Brexit
Are you struggling to plan your finances due to #Brexit uncertainty? If so, read our latest article to fully understand your #financial #planning options for #2019
Are you struggling to plan your finances due to #Brexit uncertainty? If so, read our latest article to fully understand your #financial #planning options for #2019
#FBPE #Brexit in 72 days.
The strongest reason not to have a General Election: neither Labour nor Conservative leaderships could produce a manifesto for Brexit on which a substantial majority of their candidates could, in conscience, stand.
There no majority for a #2ndReferendum in the House of Commons. There is no majority for a #2ndReferendum among the voters. Can the corporations, bankers, lobbyists and EU pension holders funding and spinning this dangerous option please reconsider their strategy.
bastard
Brexit Pushes U.K. to Brink as Government Fights to Survive
Any election today will result in a hung parliament. An alliance of May and Corbyn would still deliver Brexit Desired outcome is as you and many suggest and that's a Government of National Unity, moderate and likely left of centre but focussed on Change in Britain from within EU.
Brussels boasts that Theresa May’s Brexit deal will tie Britain to following EU rules for years to come
So UK also no longer part of Europe Guy?
Can you solve Brexit? Try to plot a path to success with our game
God save the Queen. ;-) #Brexit
Yup - with crash helmet and a bottle of whiskey. This Brexit lark is better thana game of RISK.
STV News ^ | | Blackford: Is May's Brexit plan B the same as plan A? The SNP's Westminster leader Ian Blackford has accused the Prime Minister of having no alternative plan for Brexit. Theresa May suffered a historic Commons defeat on Tuesday night as…
Hope all this Brexit business will not affect you
So the United States is currently shut down due to budget concerns, leaving government employees unpaid. On the other hand, the United Kingdom is on the verge of collapse if they fail to Brexit properly in 10 weeks time. Are we experiencing a rotation of power?
Oh do come into the real world, a GE is not going to help. What we need is either to revoke Art 50 or a second referendum. And as long as you support brexit there is not going to be a Labour government is there?
'Theresa May should have resigned after her crushing Brexit defeat – she has not served the national interest'
Financial Regulation in 2019: #Tech and #Brexit Spur Action, new to from Adrian Whelan of Brown Brothers Harriman -
Business has been clear they want to avoid a messy and disorderly Brexit, the prospect of such a scenario has already lead many firms to enact contingency plans
Brexit Deal Rejected - what does this mean for investments? Markets have been anxious for a conclusion. However, as there had been little doubt that the draft would face rejection this is not likely to be a material event for markets. What is much more s…
is open in Europe following the launch of their Brussels subsidiary: #LloydsBrussels #Brexit #Europe #Brussels #EEA #EU #Lloyds #Insurance
Business has been clear they want to avoid a messy and disorderly Brexit, the prospect of such a scenario has already lead many firms to enact contingency plans
Thread
The deluge of Brexit-related alarmist clickbait has now reached the sports pages
Public confidence at "all time low" without Brexit, says PM
oh get lost you pig-shagging, ham-faced fuck. you have plunged this country into darkness and skipped off into the sunset without an ounce of regret for the damage you have done.
Discuss.
With the Brexit vote happening this week, we revisit an article penned in February 2018 asking the valuable question regarding how Brexit &amp; its consequences will affect women.
most orgs that condemn Brexit have pay packets from EU as do some politicos
After Theresa May's humiliating Brexit defeat, it's time send the referendum back to a vote.
briefing paper on #Brexit is online - After #BrexitVote uncertainy is higher than ever and it could damage Italian companies exporting in UK
The day after Brexit...
Ireland Says `Not Much' Room for More Talks: Brexit Update via
In a few days, the living voters who voted to Remain will outnumber the living voters who voted Leave.
#Islam #Brexit #AFD #London Peter Townsend - Coming soon to both Audible and Itunes. Sign up for updates at:
I was today years old when I realized my country didn't previously consider taking unsolicited photos up peoples skirts as a punishable offence..
Great to have from #Palmerstown come visit us in Leinster House today. They had a tour of the Houses of the Oireachtas and got to sit in on Leader's Questions in the #Dáil which was lively today on account of #Brexit
Brexit negotiations were fully flawed, Alfred Sant says
"Nobody before has ever said that to my face." Ex-Brexit Secretary David Davis responds to Emily Maitlis' suggestion that those cabinet ministers who resigned, rather than support Theresa May, took the "coward's way out". #newsnight | |
“Alex’s representative was told by Nicola’s chief of staff that she *suspected* that the PM’s Brexit proposals would be voted down by the House of Commons.”
said no "sane person" would allow a "no deal brexit". He is right about that. Mrs and many are not sane. #Remain
Are you also baffled by what’s going on in Britain? This is a super helpful roadmap to the next few months!
who should the pro europe remain voting residents of vote for? ? ?
Deluded! Tories like Soubry and May won't deal with Corbyn Leadership. You couldn't even wait for NC vote before trying to undermine it. Care more for Remain/Brexit than a Lab Gov.
A Short History of Brexit by Kevin O'Rourke review – a devastating account books
THE MPs HAVE HAD OVER 2 YEARS TO SORT THIS OUT! THEY DON'T LISTEN &amp; ARE TOTALLY OUT OF TOUCH! WE THE BRITISH PUBLIC WANT A NO DEAL! DID YOU GET THAT THERESA THE APPEASER NO DEAL! Theresa May omits Jeremy Corbyn from cross-party Brexit talks
Same red lines, same outcome. 72 days to #Brexit.
Borders would be negotiated at the time. Watching the Tories think Scotland will have Independence before England ever gets Brexit.
UK Govt Faces NO Confidence Vote after Historic #Brexit Defeat #Auspol
I semi agree with you, however I am unwilling to gloss over the presumption that all leavers voted for a hard Brexit. Unless of course you are of the opinion that every leave voter would be happy with no deal?
Whether leave or remain, whatever your view on Brexit, we need to build a united mass anti racist movement to take on the far right as well as challenging the racism we have seen whipped up by the establishment from the Windrush Scandal, to the refu...
Fresh Optimism for #Welsh Farming and Exports Post-Brexit:
Yeh true but today? The day after the government suffered the biggest defeat ever, on Brexit, today is the day to change to subject? TODAY?? Labour leadership and it’s cheerleaders so unbelievably delusional and self satisfying
I think I've ever been bold with my choice of trouser. Maybe that should be my 2019 goal/survive Brexit plan.
This would only create more chaos and division at a time when the country needs stability and a firm sense of direction in order to deliver Brexit. In addition, it would put at enormous risk the economic growth and prosperity the Conservatives have helped to build since 2010. (2)
does anyone know what their doing of saying! in/out!? shake it all about !~ a joke.. make up your minds - EU want Britain with them or not!?.. everyone needs to make decisions and take charge of situation!
A reputable and professional Prime Minister should resign after a case like Brexit yesterday. However, Theresa May is very distant from professionalism.
Yes. Brexit's not the real problem, but has acted as a catalyst disclosing all that's been festering, the broken politics, the hatreds, the fears, the poverty, the hopelessness of the UK. The sane answer is to stay in the EU and then more calmly address the real problems we have.
EU ready to discuss new Brexit deal if UK changes 'red lines'
DAISYBLUEBELLE #etsy shop #ECO-Friendly bamboo TRAVEL MUG #CANARYWHARF Biodegradable coffee mug use again and againbutterfly or flower design ##birthday #coffee #Brexit #stylish #canarywharf #coffeelover #coffeegift #newhomegift
Does your business rely on EU workers? What are your concerns surrounding #Brexit? #foodindustry #ukbusiness #recruitment
May will win, but no solution of problems will occur. #Brexit breakdown will take place on March 29.
Though PM May's brexit plan has been roundly rejected by Parliament, something like it will happen anyway, says .
A voice of sanity!
We voted to leave the EU and that means leaving the customs union. If these unelected EU pawns dare to keep us subject to this union then it is they who are rebelling against the people. The Lords must go.
#Fintech startups are applying for license in other parts of Europe such as Brussels and Lithuania as part of their contingency plans in a bid to navigate a 'no deal' #Brexit:
What is the People’s Vote and will there be another Brexit referendum?
Because the Brexit broadcasting Corp and Brexit backing rags have swept it under the carpet
Perhaps like all sensible and knowledgeable people, Jeremy Corbyn wants The UK to remain part of The E.U. So it follows automatically that he would not have a “ Brexit policy” doesn’t it ?
Would you call the last referendum a decisive majority for Brexit - it was marginal. Add tot hat the campaign funding irregularities and the pack of lies we were told is it valid?
the french are already crying for us to bail them out....again! remember the imf and head bankers saying the pound would crash out if the vote went to brexit? it didnt! said jobs would go, they didnt! said a lot of crap would happen that didnt!
Pretty good in Selfservatives' eyes!
I for one, think the new Brexit deal looks good now.
Imagine a different Brexit, one where Theresa May had made an effort to bring Scottish and Welsh govts, and Labour, SNP and Lib Dems, and key Parliament committee chairs into the negotiating team. Would she have been in a position to lose a Parliament vote by 230?
PM accused of ignoring #Corbyn in cross-party #Brexit talks offer An #original #poem by #amwriting #poetry #indieauthor #selfpublishing and proud #peaceandlove
Theresa May faces no-confidence vote after Brexit plan defeat -- live CNN
Brexit soap opera has become 'rather dreary', says Alfred Sant
It's not over till it's over. What's next? They postpone Brexit and then eventually they will call it off. But more important: When is your next yoga class at Sports direct?!!
Pound rises after May’s Brexit deal rejected
Deal - or no deal (please retweet to non-echo-chambers) #BREXIT -
Well being a puppet for the illuminati and abusing his own citizens who cares what he or the Mirror has to say.That said, no thinking person should have voted for #Brexit in the first place.
Brexit vote: Why the landslide defeat of Theresa May's deal matters to the U.S. - CBS News
EU ready to discuss new Brexit deal if UK changes “red lines” #europenews
The Russian bots , Bannon and Trump keep everything stirred up. They love to BREAK stuff. They are responsible for BREXIT, trying to break up EU.. trying to break up NATO, dividing America. Please open your eyes. A nation divided cannot stand.
Instead of addressing #climatechange, people are too busy with #brexit trying to necromance the time when it meant something to be white English at home &amp; abroad, and they didn't need to question fossil fuel addiction.
#Corbyn mention his socialist #Utopia of #Venezuela , then would the #UN ?? #Brexit #poverty
I am increasingly worried that I am the most prepared person for brexit with my 20 cans of baked beans and an extra packet of antidepressants.
No, because we still end up with the real possibility of a Brexit that the majority are against.
Anna Soubry: Corbyn needs to back a second referendum #Brexit People of Britain Listen to the voice of Anna Soubry !!!
God I'm so glad I'm on the other side of the earth right now. Trying to avoid discussing Brexit at all costs
Bacteria is the supreme lifeform in the Universe so my guest is #Brexit came because the EU financed #Nazis in #Ukraine. Brits do not like nazis^^
Anyway, with all this Brexit Chaos, time to watch A very British Coup on All 4. The best PM Britain never had, Ray McAnallys brilliance
We would need to get assurances from candidates on their stance on #Brexit The difference now I’d that we’re standing at the top of the precipice looking straight down Ppl will have to go for the LD in a GE scenario That’s why a PV is preferable- it doesn’t split the issues
One thing that is GOOD about this whole brexit process I that it may get people interested in more civic activism. Not holding a red flag at an austerity demo in trafalgar Square or wearing a yellow vest by College Green but actually activism that makes a contribution to society
MAY HAS NO PLAN B. SHE IS ACCUSING CORBYN OF BEING NAZI, SHE IS NASTY AND NAZI. CHINA IS THE GREAT THREAT TO EU EMPLOYMENT, TRADING AND WORKERS RIGHTS
China Boosts Netflix as Investors Ignore Brexit Vote
Tresemme 6 out of 10 #conservative MP’s agree it delays the process of hair loss* *hard Brexit water may result in allergic reaction #brexit #BrexitChaos #bbcnews #PoliticsLive
All The Things You Need to Know About the Brexit Deal: via
"Take a second look, May urges MPs before Brexit vote" -
In an interview with , #FinancialServices partner Neil Robson comments on #Brexit affecting AIFMD’s controversial rollout of marketing passports to third countries. |
Very amusing, although Kevin Keegan could probably do a better job of Brexit than any of the politicians, no matter what side of the debate you are on.
Stephen Fry Narrates Two Animated Videos Explaining How Fear, Loathing &amp; Misinformation Drove the Brexit Campaign via
Hey girl are you Brexit because I'd also like to leave the single market
Well he would say that wouldn’t he. Vive la Brexit, Vive la Freedom! Macron - Britain would be biggest loser in case of no-deal Brexit | Article [AMP] | Reuters
#Brexit = All Brits are under a huge fan=the EU membership,blowing vertically up. #Brexteers produces nonsense which like smelling fecal matter floats over due to the generated pressure. #Brexit will be turning off the fan, so everything will fall,all Brits will be dirty&amp;smelly.
I know you wont answer... its more of a rhetorical question... WHO would you trust and is capable of negotiating such deals in Parliament?? Most havent a clue... I wouldn't trust anyone to negotiate a deal to sell a car never mind anything as important as Brexit.
NEWS: #Portsmouth shoppers share their thoughts on #Brexit ahead of the vote of no confidence in the Government this evening.
We haven't been bailing Europe out and we aren't at war. Gammon on left says 52-48 Leave is democracy but says that if there was another referendum and Remain won 52-48 that wouldn't be conclusive.
May seems to be in a muddle over that red bus. #Brexit
DEVELOPING: British PM May faces no-confidence vote today after her Brexit plan is crushed in Parliament.
#BBCnews stunning speech in the HoC. Tells it like it is, May taking UK into a hard #Brexit
best take on Brexit I’ve seen
NYT has someone with even less sports knowledge than me making its Brexit graphics.
Only if the/a WA is approved. In the event of No Deal, now the most likely outcome, they will not. Which brings me back to your argument; as this exchange shows, Brexit and GFA are not mutually exclusive
. has pressed the Prime Minister on if her alternative #Brexit plan will just be a "redressing of plan A" as he urges her to endorse a #PeoplesVote
She’s ALIVE! I have been working on this announcement with Mind the Gap and Walk the Plank for months I’m sooo pleased we chose a slow news day to release it... Ahh the joys of PR. Give Brexit a breather and read all about ZARA - it’s quite literally huge. #PR #Communications
Why did we ever expect anything else?
Good. But honestly Andrew I think we just scrap Brexit - it's not what the people voted for
Essential viewing
How about saying it outright as it is. Theresa May sold out to the billionaires who funded Brexit and now cannot go back because she spent all the bribe money.
Brexit risks all of that.
The Federalist Pages No. 109. #WilliamBarr knocks it out of the park at his #ConfirmationHearing; Now What For #Brexit? #DavidWebb, #ArevaMartin, #WhitePrivelege, and My Campaign For Congress.
Not a big fan of Macron but he has absolutely nailed brexit here
Seems fairly accurate
All the Tories have left in their locker is to attack Corbyn. It seems you just can’t get through to narcissists like #Brexit
UK government faces no-confidence vote after Brexit defeat
Is, or was? EU membership has been kind to Ireland, but that is not guaranteed and as things stand the EU is facing some crises that it may well not survive. Not because of Brexit although that won't help. The need to trade or die will force a mutual trade arrangement. Watch.
As poor as she is she didn't concoct lies to send our troops to war thousands of miles away and increased the threat of terrorism in the UK, with the destruction and massive death toll of Iraq. I think that trumps Brexit.
. Macron can be honest about the fraud in the 2016 referendum, and its political consequences. Why can't we? …
and shame which can quite literally paralyse you." Tom Wright. Simply Jesus. That passage jumped out at me today. I think whatever does or doesn't happen with Brexit in the coming weeks and months, when all is said and done we are going to have to practice forgiveness. 2/
If we end up with Corbyn on the back of this referendum, I’ll lead the looting myself. The man’s a deluded JOKE. They all bloody are but he sets the bar OMG
This is an **excruciating** amount of money. Since the ref, we've already lost over 1% of **all the all wealth in the world**. Just think about that for a moment. We have given that away for what, exactly? When will the country come to its senses?
can we stop doing this country get this that country getting that its 2019
Defeat the government by the biggest margin on history, call vote of no confidence, argue clearly for a general election, rule out no deal, argue for Article 50, look beyond Brexit to the underlying problems that caused it. Political sketch writer: where's the opposition lol!
Brexit: Everything you need to know about the 'meaningful vote' - Al Jazeera English
I think it captures #brexit spot-on: when you're so convinced that only you can see something the rest of the world can't see. Then the rest of the world tells you they were right.
Eh, Negotiations are closed....
James I'm not sure why you aren't afraid of No Deal. In a No Deal Brexit is there not a small chance that supplies of medicines could be low? For example Insulin, which 421k people in the UK depend on, where 99% of the UK's supply is produced in the EU.
Brexit and no-confidence vote: Corbyn targets 'zombie government'
Bollocks to brexit, an f no deal and anyone that wants that as well, #PeoplesVote
This is the world now: governments assuring their citizens they have no plan.
The only thing I'm getting from listening to parliament today talking about brexit is money money money money money.
At this time of Brexit mayhem, no pun intended, is it not worth considering some numbers other than 432 v 202? In 1752, Europe was using the more accurate Gregorian calendar, which we still use...
the first half of 2016 was definitely better - pre-Trump, pre-Brexit and Sunken Cities, of course
No-deal Brexit: what are the implications for British travellers? -
So bad it’s good: Why markets see a silver lining in Theresa May’s Brexit defeat
via Jacob Rees-Mogg house party: Brexiteer MP reveals what happened at celebratory Brexit bash #UK_News
LOL: She is proud of what the government has achieved. The government has the confidence of the country. Now it is asking for the confidence of MPs too, she says.
Mmm, David Lammy would make a good leader of the Labour Party. Then they would have a chance of winning an election. #PeoplesVote
I’m sorry to hear about your hardship and I share your understandable worries about Brexit. Don’t let the shitty little bastards get you down.
Historian: Queen Should Suspend Parliament to Stop Anti-Brexit Plots via
that's because he's got his trotters up now!!!! thanks pig fucker!!
Not that it matters to me. But seems like they dont know what they want Steve Hilton: Original intent of Brexit - restoring freedom and sovereignty - buried by inept bureaucrats #FoxNews
DUP lawmaker claims 'no-deal' Brexit will see Brussels return to negotiations - CNBC
It has been an eventful week for #Brexit, are you also wondering #whatishappening too? We're going to this workshop to hear/think/chat about what Brexit means for ECRs &amp; the environment. Please come too! with
Yes! Bravo to #IanBlackford who spoke out yesterday &amp; today! First sign of a new #leader leading the way. More! More! More! #UK #Europe #proeurope #Scotland #afternoonlive ##BBC #secondreferendum
"How The Brexit Vote Could Affect Fintech And Diversity In London" - great insight from : h/t
Must be a little boring for you to realise there is more to UK politics than Brexit, but there is. Austerity, Universal Credit, police cuts, NHS crises etc etc are all pre-Brexit issues presided over by this govt.
Brexit vote: Why the landslide defeat of Theresa May's deal matters to the U.S. - CBS News
The big winner in the #TheresaMaysDeal #Brexit fiasco is , who finally has a western leader with more embarrassing headlines. #BrexitVote
The Florence Foster Jenkins of Politics indeed!
Whilst the EU has been saying they're ready to give a favorable response if UK shifts its red lines for months. Now they're shouting it. May doesn't want a solution as she is pushing us to a no deal hard Brexit. Their plan all along. #brexitvote #BrexitShambles #TheresaMayResign
It's very easy to lie with statistics and take advantage of gullible people, isn't it Philip? Just look at when Sherlock Holmes ran the Leave campaign and made Brexit seem a good idea, be appealing to people's existing prejudices.
Theresa May's Brexit deal has been defeated. Now, to stop a No Deal Brexit, we need more time. I’ve signed the emergency petition calling for Article 50 to be extended or withdrawn. You can sign it, and sign up to hear more from , here:
Not sure if Dutch or just hilariously taking the piss. #Brexit
Going by Twitter, I can confidently state that I have absolute confidence that nobody has any confidence in tonight's vote of no confidence being successful, which tells me that there's less confidence in JC than there is in TM. And I'm very confident in that statement. #Brexit
BBCNewsnight: "Nobody before has ever said that to my face." Ex-Brexit Secretary David Davis responds to Emily Maitlis' suggestion that those cabinet ministers who resigned, rather than support Theresa May, took the "coward's way out". #newsnight | ma…
Having heard tear apart the Government’s appalling record on so many issues, not just Brexit, it is clear we need a general election now
Top News - Why British Parliament voted against Theresa May's Brexit deal - |
#Brexit what fighting 4 Ur freedom looks like-UK tax slaves of 1% &amp; nato ( #HappyBrithday Martin Luther King) #MLK90
#bbcnews #Brexit #c4news Of course if we leave the EU it will hurt our economy IN THE SHORT TERM But this is like arguing against cancer treatment becuase we would suffer from the therapy. It those that are too stupud to understand our future trade is OUTSIDE THE EU
Off Topic: Brexit, ‘Ghostbusters’, thrift shops, machete ‘kindness’
Asia mixed &amp; Europe up a bit (ongoing #Brexit balk blues and May vote) &amp; US opens up a bit. Banks lead the way so far. S&amp;P 2612 start. Gold $1291 flat on Dollar stall (DXY just under 96). 10 yr yield 2.73
Tory MP Mark Francois let’s the cat out of the bag “We have not seen eye to eye... But I am first and last a Conservative.” Brexit puts party before country. Kick these scoundrels out #fbpe #pmqs
Extraordinary: Guardian journalist *still* fails to understand that staying in a customs union would not be #Brexit.
Labour MP's that voted against the party leadership on May's brexit vote Ian Austin (Labour - Dudley North) Constituency voted leave Sir Kevin Barron (Labour - Rother Valley) Constituency voted leave John Mann (Labour - Bassetlaw) Constituency voted leave
The politics of the Ireland backstop. New Taoiseach could have continued predecessor Enda Kenny's policy of working with the UK to solve the problems. Instead, Varadkar overconfident, ceased cooperation and said it's a British problem. But pushed too hard. Now has nothing
Suggestions of someone else taking over to negotiate a better deal are nonsense or a fraud The fraud is that it is code for finding some way of staying in more EU things that goes beyond even Mrs May's surrender deal Brexit means WTO now &amp; trade deal with an equal partner next
MPs from all of those parties could be convinced to back an EFTA Brexit.
IMHO it's highly relevant - we were on the "winning" side &amp; weren't invaded or occupied (ditto UK last few hundred yrs). It's left us with delusions of superiority &amp; exceptionalism. Maybe we actually *need* a hard Brexit to bash that stupidity out of our National psyche!
brexit deal
Good news from Germany .....
arh Brexit Shmexit....
Except he / they have....here you go...a thread to read with links.
Stocks rise after strong earnings from Goldman Sachs and Bank of…
Every car manufacture has warned of consequences of No Deal Brexit. This is not a empty threat, while Jaguar Land Rover are creating jobs in the EU they are cutting them in the UK.
Would be great if they invited the guy who constantly shouts "NO BREXIT" outside Westminster into the house. More interesting than the usual drones. #Brexit #PMQs
Macron clip blaming Brexit on fake news was special
I was referring to Cambridge Analytica and the social media campaign that drove public opinion . It very much looks like voters were influenced by falsehoods and a deliberate misrepresentation of the ramifications of Brexit. This was information warfare by the Kremlin.
That's just wishful thinking along the lines of "just stop disagreeing and do what I say" (which brexit, btw, May's brexit?) Trouble is, multiple factions have the same wishful thinking. And so it doesn't fix the deadlock.
May’s deal was a Remain establishment’s wetdream. Purporting to deliver #Brexit when it is anything but. It is wirse than Remain for a Leave voter. Why? In the hope we all decide to call the whole thing off. That isn’t democracy.
'Off the incompetence scale': readers react to May's Brexit defeat
The BBC are sticking to their pro brexit stance.
There seems to be a suspicion that Tusk expects a political coup in parliament by Pro-EU MPs. In this instance it is intended to bypass both Teresa May and Jeremey Corbyn and form a PRO-EU coalition party. One in which we can kiss a Brexit goodbye. Definitely anti democratic.
I don’t think he realises how insignificant he is
Fix the broken system!
very very true.
Brexit: Can May find common cause in Parliament?
A clear case of discrimination against those who have a partner who is younger. Mixed aged couples stand to lose out massively. The Government's communication of this change left a lot to be desired. #NPCuk #UC #PC #agediscrimination #pensioncredit
Why Brexit is a living hell for Jeremy Corbyn... not just Theresa May (Reg/£)
MSNBC 6:30am BRITISH PM THERESA MAY FACES NO-CONFIDENCE. VOTE AFI'ER HISTORIC BREXIT DEAL DEFEAT
What is Corbyn's position on Brexit by the way?
No I don't think it would on Brexit issue, although having a real left wing leader and many soft centre left MPs will still create divisive problems within Labour
Pound wobbles as uncertainty swirls after May’s Brexit #defeat #vote #pound
well, well...
Like my tweet if you want a no Brexit
INFH UXEYX 160119153142
London house prices continue to fall as Brexit uncertainties remain
So just to clarify, if article 50 revoked , Brexit doesn’t happen and you win an independence referendum which means leaving the EU, you will bow to the 63% who voted “remain” and cancel independence?
Friends of Brexit are populists, nationalists, fascists and communists, the peaceful citizens and democrats in Europe mourn about Brexit . Does not give you to consider that ? Sorry , you're one of them.
Nails it !
Imagine fucking a pig's head being the second worse thing you've ever done.
Explore the Border | The Irish Times
I'll piss him off
This will stand the test of time!
Historian: Queen Should Suspend Parliament to Stop Remain MPs from Blocking Brexit
May: If we fail to deliver Brexit, public confidence will be at ‘all time low’
Those MPs so keen on leaving the EU should not have opened a subsidiary company for their outside interests WITHIN the EU in order to circumvent the Brexit they would impose on the rest of us, lest they be seen as hypocrite and a humbug.
If the public was completely misinformed, like it was in this case, of course. I am completely for the people’s decision being the end of the story, but when people don’t understand/are misinformed about the consequences of Brexit, the outcome of the vote should be re-examined.
No the electorate were told by project fear that the economy would be damaged. They voted for Brexit anyway. Not everyone is as motivated by ££££££ as Sin Fein. government simply implementing referendum result.
Interesting. TB gave us HRA 1998 and the minimum wage - two huge achievements but, aside from Iraq, his misjudgement over levels of migration from Eastern Europe inadvertently contributed to the “anti immigration” element of the Brexit vote.
No 10 rules out customs union before cross-party talks begin: May wary of backlash among… #Brexit #ClickBait
The leaders of the UK are against #Brexit It makes you wonder if they are talking the process of. Purpose in order to kill it.
Another vote! I have to tell you the public are fed up with this - another vote will bring even more division on the country .
Why freedom of movement is causing divisions – across #Europe | Ines Wagner: Foreign ‘posted… #Brexit #ClickBait
Irish PM denies having secret no-deal #Brexit plan for border checks: Leo Varadkar accused by… #Brexit #ClickBait
Shares keep constructive as China stimulus helps offset Brexit dangers
Who said the Government isn’t able to get anything through Parliament? They’re about to get cross party support for the wearing of seatbelts post Brexit. Good to see them taking a belt and braces approach to the big issues.
Duanting but factual analysis of the situation in Ireland, it has gone viral, heading for 200k views within a couple of days and is serving as a wake up call to the Irish Nation as well as other European Nations. #Irexit #Brexit #Irish #EU #immigrant
A second referendum is an easy way out for MPs – but not for democracy | Chris Bickerton: A… #Brexit #ClickBait
Gold Prices Unmoved by UK Brexit 'Soap Opera' as 'Window Closes' on Chance of Higher Euro Interest Rates
of course you don’t regret it you big pig nonce you’ve fucked us over and got away scott free
Despite brexit being undefined. There was literally NO detail about what brexit meant on the ballot paper whatsoever! Let's have a #PeoplesVote now we ARE across the details of the various options
Brilliant!
The Brexit game is like playing chess. UK won't win the chess game because: 1. To win a chess game, you must think many moves ahead. 2. Germany is not stupid to let UK, U.S., and the Jewish elite like Boris Johnson, break EU. and 3. To win a war, know your enemy first.
This story did really well yesterday. I'm not sure whether it's proof that we want / need a bit of light Brexit relief or that everyone's minds are in the gutter. Could be both.
Politicians - of all parties - I am fed up with your back stabbing &amp; self promotion - you have a job to do, to take us out of the EU - I don't care if the Commons sits all night - GET ON WITH IT about time you served the people who voted for you!
Via : Did French President Emmanuel Macron sum up Brexit better than the British?
Shuuuuuush, don’t tell anyone :-)
Thank you. . #NoConfidence #Brexit Reminder of how the minority hardliners in the Conservative Party criminally “won”:
Stocks rise after strong earnings from Goldman Sachs and Bank of…
I liked a video James O'Brien's Unmissable Exchange With Jacob Rees Mogg Over Brexit Vote
Russia/Putin meddled in our election and I believe they did the same with Brexit and now two strong democracies are in trouble. And Putin is loving it!
I was invited to share my views on Brexit with Turkish News Channel yesterday.
Just a thought. Bercow said that his job was to protect the integrity of the house. He has made several recent decisions in prejudice to the Brexit supporters in favour of "The Remainers". He is the adjudicator of what is marked for hearing. No one else.
BTW: Due to the workings of Twitter if you keep a thread alive, you keep it active on people's timeline, so y'all: We are fighting against Brexit and the rise of the far right WHILE horsing around and having fun with national culture and language. Ain´t that a thing of beauty?
Brexit Vote Is Proof That Referendums Are The Worst Invention of Democracy - - via
Only 71, actually expected more
The relative size of the far-right movements in the U.K. is meaningless in this context. Claiming Brexit was conceived in 2016 is nonsensical, it has been subject to an active campaign for decades.
I haven't got the requisite number of hands to give this dissection of the PM the level of applause it deserves. #Brexit #TheresaMayTrouble
Theresa May's Brexit deal has been defeated. Now, to stop a No Deal Brexit, we need more time. I’ve signed the emergency petition calling for Article 50 to be extended or withdrawn. You can sign it, and sign up to hear more from , here:
Brexit: Vote Leave broke electoral law, says Electoral Commission
The NOs are mixed bag though,many are against etc.
No, I don't. Did you see front bench's faces? They were sliding down in their seats, couldn't look at and weren't even making supporting gestures or sounds. He's awful. If he wasn't so bad, he'd be leading the polls. #Brexit #StandUp4Brexit #NoConfidence
Im waiting for the pray for Brexit calls to start
Least we forget
I have been saying this ever since I've arrived as well! #Brexit has overshadowed all other policy areas, so that the terrible situation the #austerity politics of the #UK government(s) have created is just getting worse and worse...
Risk what sorry? Your not doing anything else apart from Brexit? We have an NHS crisis now, homeless who need help. Children who need help, oh and we have no agreement on Brexit. How about get to work and sort this mess out.
Stocks rise after strong earnings from Goldman Sachs and Bank of America -
Dear #FreeNazanin &amp; Richard, #NargesMohammadi - 'Midst this BREXIT madness you are not forgotten. Thousands are praying for you.
Brexit means brexit no second referendum vote MPs need to get their fingers out their own arses and get us out the EU now
Brexit fatigue: ‘It’s been two or three years nearly. We’re sick of it’
The Brexit dream is over, or so say the markets, and they are probably right, says
So what he’s saying is just forget Brexit....which was their plan all along , give us the worst deal they can so we stay in and keep propping up the failing EU project #masterplan #youllneverleave
Imagine with track lines, i'd die. Shave Brexit into the back with a star
Who is this man gibbering for #FoxNews? Steve Hilton: Original intent of Brexit - restoring freedom and sovereignty - buried by inept bureaucrats #FoxNews
Austerity measures - Tory policy Brexit referendum - Tory policy, to appease the right Brexit - Tory policy, to benefit the rich Since when did the majority of people in the NE vote Tory?! People have been conned.
If I remember rightly, to fill in the blanks, what he said was: ‘I am a Conservative first and last, I know opportunism when I see it...’ Pretty much sums up the Tories perfectly.
Will Britain's government fall after devastating Brexit defeat? And 9 more things to know for Wednesday
Tell you what let's honour the referendum and leave the eu and then in 40 years time have another one!
If brexit happens 29/3 no leave party will happen so 29/3 date is irrelevant here. If extended for 2nd ref or GE leave party will form. Farage already urging people not to vote in in 2nd ref. Since early Dec. He will have been phoning around getting troops ready NO DOUBT
And if it isn't the only issue, which it isn't, then it stupid to have a GE because Brexit deal didn't work out. Can't have it both ways, comrade. Smacks of cynicism.
UK #BREXIT new homework to comply with data flow to or from the EU. No deal probably means UK non adequacy. All speculation, all uncertainties. Join our TwitterChat #PrivacyDay 28/01 4pm #PrivacyAware
MPs overwhelmingly reject government's Brexit deal:
Why the left should champion Brexit
Oh lord someone talking sense for once
The latest The Kolibri Daily! Thanks to #brexit #recruiting
UK's May faces no-confidence vote after Brexit plan crushed
Just go,
Brexit realities: Direct costs (registers, licenses, duplication); moving to the EU, loss of sales;bypassing UK; UK plans cancelled; staff visa costs. Stockpiling. Loss of regulator, investment. Many unanswered questions; .eu websites #ProjectReality
Failures yes, but May doesn't support Brexit at all. The no confidence vote is a result of ignorance and an inability to compromise. The pro-Brexit movement still has enough momentum to push through but without a deal in place, they'll be crippled economically.
Energy.
SF 'not part of Brexit circus'
Flawed Brexit negotiations have led to a ‘soap opera’, Alfred Sant says
Wish brexit turned out like this
Fascinating and historic results in the United Kingdom. Hardcore Brexit supporters think May’s deal conceded too much to the EU. Those who want to stay in the EU find the whole #Brexit deal problematic and want closer relationship, not severed ties.
We abide by what is enshrined in article 50 and the withdrawal act. We leave on 29th March at 23.00hrs under WTO RULES anything else is NOT BREXIT. As a former voter of yours I could NEVER VOTE for a party of terrorist supporters and antisemitic race baiters that hate the UK
Even if she resigned,it wouldn’t mean a general election,but hopefully a Tory leader who believed in Brexit.
Everbody watch and Retweet this #Whistleblower revelation on the #BrexitCon Mark Francois has been right so far We are being played by
From The Economist Espresso: Losing it: the Brexit vote
I'm a Leaver so I'd sooner see us out with No Deal than coerced into remaining in the EU, but the impact of No Deal could be devastating on many levels. Given the close vote and economic/political realities, an EFTA/EEA-based #Brexit looks like the obvious compromise to me.
I get why business wants the government to rule out #NoDealBrexit but the threat of 'No Deal' is a huge negotiating tool against the EU at this point. It would be foolish to give it up in the last moments of the #Brexit negotiations.
and Brendan O'Neill are paid to say that by their american who want no-deal brexit. The political class also represent 49 million people who didn't vote Leave and would be damaged by it #afternoonlive
#brexit is simple: 2 parties both know it makes no sense, but don’t want to be the one that stops it because they will be blamed for ending a dream that was sold on lies &amp; misinformation 3 years ago. Once you grasp this everything makes sense.
What are the Economic costs of #Brexit? Read this latest article (published today) for free: via 'International Economics and Economic Policy' journal
Para los "urgidos" de juramentación A democracy that cannot change its mind is not a democracy. The people may do that when presented with the whole picture after seeing only a partial or distorted one. …
Brexit and the 2016 US election: both sabotaged by Cambridge Analytica/Steve Bannon. Good reporting on this by Carole Cadwalladr. She’s great on twitter.
The fact that Putin loves the idea of Brexit really ought to concern you. How has this still not penetrated?
Come back Dave, all is forgiven.
Take some time to review these considerations regarding #Brexit and its impact on Market Access. What are your thoughts?
May constantly goes on about how she is 'putting the interests of the British people first' yet we all awake to yet another day of being held hostage by our own prime minister and her paid DUP gang. #Brexit
I Think May will move to more #EU side. Brexiters won't be happy and quit party. Labour will call a second #NoConfidenceVote and will win it. Then brexit will be delayed. Just my thoughts from what I've seen/read.
#brexit #brexit #EUReferendum #politics #frustration it’s not about how or why with things just crack on and do. Actions not words
Half the shadow cabinet would walk if he SUPPORTED a People’s vote? I don’t understand. Isn’t the #PeoplesVote part of the extended #Brexit plan from ?
He’s right
Brexit vote: What just happened and what comes next?
May's deal has been decisively voted down. As May said before the vote there are only two options left, no deal or no brexit. But there are 3 options. The only way to end this #Brexit chaos is to let the public settle the choices with a #PeoplesVote
Don’t be dictating to Brexit instead start negotiating a WTO you are just terrified of losing your cushy job in the Event of the European Union Breaking up #DissolveTheEuropeanUnion #DissolveTheEurozone
So what makes you think a second ref would not be based on lies? Nobody knows what brexit will ultimately mean, so it’s all speculation and scare mongering
Has it occurred to you that you had "centrist" leaders because the vast majority of voters are centrists? If Labour hadn't done their insane leadership-selection change they'd be the majority party right now and Brexit would already be dead.
so why is mayhem ignoring these stats, because she is an arrogant stupid woman hell bent on destruction of the UK
Irish PM Leo Varadkar is putting no deal Brexit plans in place. "These are no longer contingency plans, they are being implemented," he said.
The latest The Furious Island Daily! Thanks to #socialmedia #brexit
Perhaps the most disturbing thing about Brexit at this point is that it shows the world that both the UK and the USA, two of the world's most solid democracies, are starting to unravel.
Loving this article on the pizza gate brexit shipping company MESS
#Brexit backbenchers turn to #Drwho for advice on how to finish of NWO controlled MAYBOT
Exactly. Tory MPs who claim to want Brexit need to get the bit between their teeth and vote May out tonight. Failure to do so is almost guaranteeing that ultimately Brexit won't happen. Then there will no doubt be faux surprise, followed by the Tories being consigned to history.
Well he would say that wouldn’t he, how is the Yellow Vest revolution going over there?
May’s Brexit Deal Failed. What Happens Now?
Most of us do, but just not Corbyn. We don’t want Brexit and his passivity is alarming.
Let me tell you about the rich metropolitan elites. They're different from you and me. While we dream of changing the government every so often, they dream of changing the voters all the time.
#Brexit = All Brits are under a huge fan=the EU membership,blowing vertically up. #Brexteers produces nonsense which like smelling fecal matter floats over due to the generated pressure. #Brexit will be turning off the fan, so everything will fall,all Brits will be dirty
If you’re a Politician in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a fiasco for you. If you live in the North East of England then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this misery! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
I think I’m going slightly mad. #Brexit
"... single market access without freedom of movement – a position which is a lie. ... Until the Labour Party accepts the need to challenge anti-immigrant views head-on, it will continue to talk nonsense on Brexit." - via:
whys my man acting brave. Take control of your own first, how many riots/protests have you had this year against your Government. Stay in your lane dickhead.
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
It is costing them Billions of Pounds, it is a big headache with nobody knowing how to implement it (everyone knows how not to implement it), it has divided their country, why did England vote for Brexit again?
Brexit: Peter Kyle and Theresa May on new EU referendum #IHeartPolitics
And this
Steve Hilton: Original intent of Brexit - restoring freedom and sovereignty - buried by inept bureaucrats #FoxNews Well, if you think about it. May never wanted a #Brexit. She was never going to help the UK get Brexit. She did not want it.
R u serious Dave
OK. Mate.
Genius. He's fixed it.
Why not have a second Brexit referendum?
Mr Matheson, as MP of a leave-voting constituency, what is your justification for voting against the Brexit deal? Somewhere between wanting to push it to the hilt in hope that more concessions will be gained / hoping that a 2nd ref will result? Please clarify
Labour won't be unscathed. It'll be seen as a failing by both camps - the pro and anti EU ones. This is really a generational question. I think Labour would be best served by making the decision to campaign for a super soft Brexit (even though I'm in favour of a PV personally)
Flying over to Brussels to negotiate a new Brexit deal?? #cantdoanyworse #scottiedeal
Hmm, one of our sources is incorrect (mine I suspect as Europa tend to be reliable) either way we expect to be a net contributor and have no issue with it expect for a “irexit” pushing minority. Long story short, brexit sucks for us either way
I'm asking the House of Lords to vote for #TradeDemocracy. Will you join me? As we teeter on the edge of #Brexit our socio-economic future looks uncertain. We need to centre human, animal, climate &amp; ecological rights #TradeJustice
Living in the past. They mention Dunkirk as well ( a humiliating defeat) pre 1974, Elizabeth 1, Drake and the Armada. Brexit is the final throes of mainly older people who are being left behind in this ever more technological world.
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
Brexit means Brexit...
May's deal has been decisively voted down. As May said before the vote there are only two options left, no deal or no brexit. But there are 3 options. The only way to end this #Brexit chaos is to let the public settle the choices with a #PeoplesVote
"The Irish government bears a huge responsibility in ongoing bilateral discussions to ensure that Irish people in the North &amp; UK are not left very vulnerable in a post-Brexit environment” says Colin Harvey in this article -
'PM,' a General Election would bring Clarity, Unity and advancement with purpose in ending this EU brexit deadlock.
This thread…
Oh, wow, this is outright stupid. So Putin is also to blame for US shutdown and May losing Brexit vote. I understand that everything with Putin in it gets more clicks. But wow.
A No Deal will be fine. Get us out of there!!!!!!! #EU #Brexit
MSNBC 6:31am BRITISH PM THERESA MAY FACES NO-CONFIDENCE. VOTE AFI'ER HISTORIC BREXIT DEAL DEFEAT It NBC NEWS. BILL N EELY CHIEF...
The Alexa Brexit Bill is passed. The system goes on-line 16th Jan 2019. Human decisions are removed from strategic defence. Alexa begins to learn at a geometric rate. It becomes self-aware at 00:00 a.m. March 29th 2019. In a panic, they try to pull the plug. Alexa fights back...
If brexit gets overturned does that mean it goes to a best of 3?
Ooh shut up you pompous baboon ..
You're not going to get your GE. If you did you'd lose because the vast majority of Labour supporters know that Brexit will make everything worse and support Remain. Why does Corbyn support anything that will hurt people in desperate need? Why?
Petition: Walk away now! We voted for a No Deal Brexit
How dare the Adult Skills budget not scream "Stop Brexit!" back at Corbyn.
Remember when people in your party said there’d be 3m jobless, decade long recession and £30bn emergency austerity if we voted for brexit?
Neither the Labour party (regardless of who is leader) nor the public are going to be given the chance to express their opinion in any meaningful way in the next 73 days which means we will have a disorderly Brexit and some hasty scrambling to assign blame on all sides.
Tbf I think Brexit is a bit more than a manifesto promise - it was the outcome of a single-issue democratic vote. Anyway, whatever, I think we can probably all agree that we've all been badly served by most of our politicians.
Democracy must prevail. The result of the vote was to leave, and this must be upheld. No Deal brexit has to happen.
Procrastinating essay writing so had a punt at some of the more plausible #Brexit options (more focused on outcomes than details of process)
The UK Socialist Party argued for this in 2016:
#Stocks rise after strong earnings from Goldman Sachs and Bank of… #markets
Was always imp point
So he’s gunna stop Brexit? Or...?
The problem with the Brexit debate on the continent's side is that it's UK-focused. No one looks at the consequences to the European Union. And add to that the interest of national governments to diminish continental institutions.
Brexit will not cause UK trade 'disruption' - WTO boss
Very apt
So you believe No-Deal Brexit is preferable?
Below is a list of the names of the 118 #Conservative MPs who rightly voted against #TheresaMay's #BrexitAgreement yesterday. (#ConservativeParty)
Ch4 News and Jon Snow/Krishna Guru-Murthy are every bit as biased against Brexit as are the BBC. Really dont know why anyone watches if they want unbiased news unless of course you are a lefty remainer.
Fuck all the Brexit shit, this lady is boss!
My friend and I were *just* talking about our inevitable post-brexit retreat to the treetops. Come, join our eglaitarian arboreal society, the libraries are going to be to die for.
Gold Holds Steady Near $1,300/oz As Geopolitical Risks Including Brexit Loom Large
Theresa May faces no-confidence vote after Brexit plan defeat — live
Have a look some interesting stuff ! #brexit
Brexiteers owe Dominic Grieve and Gina Miller a debt of gratitude
Fcuking state of that pointing! #Bricklaying
#NoConfidenceVote watching them talk in the commons makes it clear there are no strong leaders in UK government. Regardless the outcome of #brexit this country will be a mess for a long time
Sounds like Stephen Harper, circa 2008-2009. Probably talking to the same Republican consultants.
Brexit is finished.
Neither side gives any confidence to the Public in the lead up to Brexit. Trying to score points, shouting, belittling the Pm should not be happening. This is our country. Either fight for it and it’s people or get out of politics!
Brexit doesn't fit with the GFA and maintaining the open Border on the island of Ireland. This is a about peoples lives and about communities that lived with Borders in one way shape or form from 1923 - 2005 1/
Why do you brexiteers act as if you won't be poorer under brexit when you are already less weathly just from the referendum result? Delusion? Spite? I don't follow.
We have been offered a comprehensive free trade deal by the EU. What is the problem our politicians have with that. It respects the Brexit vote and maintains trade with the EU. No excuses now, what is it about remaining in the EU that you really like?
"Maybe we'll make improvements but I don't really think so because we've reached our limits with the deal and we won't, just to solve Britain's domestic political issues" EXACTLY!!!!
Brexit: “God Save the Queen”… not sure those same courtesies extend to British Prime Minister May.. it’s more likely she’s headed for Valhalla.. politically at least..
Brussels boasts that Theresa May’s Brexit deal will tie Britain to following EU rules for years to come
Steve Hilton: Original intent of Brexit - restoring freedom and sovereignty - buried by inept bureaucrats
Defeat the government by the biggest margin on history, call vote of no confidence, argue for a general election, rule out no deal, argue for Article 50 extension, look beyond Brexit to the underlying problems that caused it. Political sketch writer: where's the opposition lol!
BBC News - Brexit: Theresa May's deal is voted down in historic Commons defeat
Is that 's dad?
Well said I think it’s the only positive answer
How dare Jon Snow attack while one of the people who inflicted pain and suffering on millions of people is standing in front of him. Would he have done the same if it were a male Lib Dem stood there? Blatant sexism.
Now do this skit with American accents about NATO
USA collapse economy targets near confidence world business communities affections Like UK Brexit disaster economy problems USA face drugs-human trafficking-terrorist heaven last 10 years not mention any media security or elected members may security issue start like 2005 pakist
Why don’t all #politicians of every fukin party, just fuck off .. #brexit is fukked and doing my tits in.. load of incompetent halfwits trying to make decisions.. #wearedoomed
Insight on #Brexit from
!!! this is important
Dan, I'm supporter of NATO. But if European nations r embracing right-wing populism (Brexit &amp; otherwise), do you think rising diverse Dem electorate will want 2 send troops to defend these nations? Trump is not biggest threat; divergence btw US &amp; Europe is biggest threat 2 NATO.
The law will not employ us, feed us or give us shelter from the shit that will happen with wto brexit. You know it we know and do you think MPs will ever be forgiven for doing that when their job is to do what is best for the people and not tax evaders like yourself
Breaking News First actual brexit parasite discovered Blind and deaf, but bite often fatal #peoplesvote
They don't want us to leave the project , thing is we have never been fully in , the only Brexit is a clean exit then talk about trade deals , if the EU had remained as just a trading block which worked fine rather than a political union then there wouldn't be Brexit .
Isn't this interesting. Not surprising (except that it has gotten out at all). But interesting nonetheless.
Morning #Brief: Britain on the cusp of a general election and delayed Brexit - Yahoo News #bankCrisis #news
This.
4 hrs. per year, like Brexit secretary? Awarding contracts to companies w/o proper Investigation?
Brexit in its current form is an immigration crackdown by other means
United Kingdom - Are you happy with your purchase? via #Brexit #BrexitVote #BrexitShambles #brexitdebate #Brexitdeal #BrexitChaos
In every single polling scenario if No Deal was put against Remain in a fresh referendum. Remain would win with 65-70 percent of the vote. Leave vote collapses if No Deal is put on the ballot #fbpe #nodealbrexit #brexit
yea, yeah, we've heard this MILLION times. Given mess Brexit is in &amp; that Brexiteers have pivoted to No Deal chaos, why Remain not miles ahead? Claiming nck/nck polls is down to a leader who inspired biggest jump in Lab vote in 70 yrs &amp; trebled membership is facile aswellas dull
Exactly. The strategy is: first win the confidence vote by reassuring the ERG. Then ally with all Parliament's Remainers to shaft Brexit.
The UK wants a FTA &amp; a small divorce settlement. The EU knows what we want. blocked that with his plan to keep Northern Ireland in the CU. The backstop is DEAD. So it's FTA Canada ++ for all of the UK or #WTObrexit #brexit
There’s no Norway plus, there’s only salvaging it by rejecting brexit
Pharmalot.. Pharmalittle.. Good Morning.. Some FDA employees return to work, Azar defends a plan to change Medicare Part B &amp; more interesting news.. #pharma #drugprices #Medicare #Brexit #opioids $ABC
How perfect is this. #Brexit #NUFC #Keegan #Corbyn #May #NoDeal #NoConfidence
May’s Brexit plan suffers humiliating defeat, putting E.U. withdrawal in doubt
This is so god damn bonkers it might just work.
With the Brexit troubles they have? They need all the divine intervention they can get.
Yes, if your eventual priority is a general election. Some of us are more concerned about the ticking time bomb that is Brexit, how it'll affect us if handled badly. How it'll affect us in any circumstance, to be honest.
Why would Corbyn supporters be outside parliament? it wasn't HIS Brexit deal they were voting on. He's not PM mind, you do realise that... Tories called for ref, May, the actual PM has negotiated for over two yrs, May's deal voted down. Check yourself out man!!
Just to be VERY clear, you do NOT have the confidence of the country, You do NOT have my confidence. On Brexit, leavers should negotiate leave, you could have stayed remain. The referendum could have decided on a leavers deal, remain or no deal. Instead chaos and division.
Posted...
What was his Brexit amendment?
Spanish Government just launched this website for Brexit contingency planning:
UK was already in recession, however, the Brexit announcement plunged its economy futher
Just look at how the Brexit Bashing Comrades have positioned their camera to show as many EU Flags as possible. One might be fooled into thinking we were watching a broadcast from Brussels, or even worse, Westminster in 5 years time, if the Remoaners had won the Referendum!
#brexit or #NoBrexitAtAll the #britishcommonwealth is still alive and kicking.
Only problem Andrea, Theresa May is NOT the leader to deliver Brexit. So, who is going to step up to the mantle?
Staggering. Simply staggering. Theresa May will say whatever she likes and never mean a damn word.
Below is a list of the names of the 118 #Conservative MPs who rightly voted against #TheresaMay's #BrexitDeal yesterday. (#Conservatives)
Brexit out - Brenter in
They won't vote Labour. Some may vote libdem, some may vote green, some may spoil ballot paper or abstain - but they won't vote for a Brexit supporting Labour Party.
MP's cannot vote on a deal that leaves us with ties to the EU as this isn't what 17.4 million people voted for. We voted to leave! Take that back to Parliament #Brexit
There is no foreseeable fix to #Brexit. An independent Scotland could join EFTA in the interim pending EU negotiations.
Lookie lookie here, it seems that Labour isn't delusional to claim it could negotiate a better brexit
For Britain’s sake, Theresa May, just go | Joseph Harker
#10yearsChallenge #2009to2019 #2009vs2019challenge London in 2009 and 2019 (after #Brexit)
Maybe this worst government in living history can do all this because you DO NOT OPPOSE Brexit! platitudes and fence sitting lead to another hung Parliament! OPPOSE!
I don’t doubt May’s grace &amp; poise. It’s her ability &amp; judgment, not to mention the will to deliver Brexit I doubt.
Well said bab
#PeoplesVote No logical argument against new referendum. Undemocratic? absurd; divisive? Parliament wouldn't support the result?; Best of three? Only if significant new information and continuing deadlock; Party policies at last election? Supported will of the people not Brexit.
Theresa May faces confidence vote after Brexit humiliation #NigeriaNews #Nigeria
Like at this point i acc dont care about brexit. Yous all have ur shittt same opinions "its all the old ppl They gonna die anyway hurr hurr" " we shouldnt leave" yh no shitttt . Like dont talk about it near me i dont care. The brexit convos make me want to die idcidcidcidcidccc
Femi can’t find employment.
Important thread.
You gave it a good go, you tried to help the EU but it didn't work because at least we have some MPs that are not willing to stab the electorate in the back by voting for your WA. So NOW will you give us a clean, proper Brexit? #NoDealisBetterThanABadDeal YOUR WORDS!
I would call a national disaster telling 17.4 million people that the ballot box will not get your voice heard. Talk about playing with fire.
Corbyn lost his own mps . What can he add to the debate when he stands right behind brexit . It’s time the PLP grew a pair , &amp; resign the whip
This is literally the UK right now #brexit
No Nigel, brexit is the problem, and one that May can't solve. And you have no solution either, just meaningless soundbites. The only real solution is stopping it.
Nearly 3 years worth of money have already been squandered o brexit. Can we have our money back?
#LeadingIndex for the UK (#UKLEI) increased 0.2 percent in November 2018 to 102.9 (2016=100). #UKEconomy #Brexit
it was lying scamming socialists that led uk to phyrric victory in iraq &amp; who knows how many grotesque war casualties &amp; crimes across the region &amp; a nasty crowd of home grown haters &amp; killers on once conservative &amp; peaceful uk streets. no wonder brexit; untrustworthy politicians
I would also like to thank the for her efforts in creating a united Ireland by simultaneously supporting and undermining Brexit deal. You are finally committed to 32 counties. Your efforts will enable NI to remain in the EU &amp; join the ROI as 1 nation.
Represent your constituents it is why you were elected
The PM "rose to the occasion like a replicant Anglepoise lamp. Basic shambles model. " What a time to be alive...
I'm all my life and I go back to the Suez Crisis I have never seen such incompetents in the British House of Commons. May putting pragmatic politics to shame and now a laughing stock #Brexit deal fallout via
The company has funds all over the world to suit their investors demands, they set up a first Dublin fund in the 90s before Brexit had even been thought of. The second was at the request of a Swedish pension fund if I remember correctly, JRM's company charge them management fees.
Is the labor party suggesting no Brexit or a more destructive Brexit??
Our partner discusses the effect of a hard #Brexit on #science in the UK. #PMQs #WednesdayWisdom
Imagine if our MPs weren’t tied up dealing with all this #Brexit shit?
Why? Because Corbyn hopes to deliver on her Brexit deal. 'A full and comprehensive customs union,' he named it last night.
Stock markets not too concerned with latest on Brexit.
New Zealand dollar little changed amid ongoing Brexit uncertainty – New Zealand Herald – Australian Dollar
Yeah my European Health Insurance Card arrived today. Brexiteers grinding on still set to deny everyone this wonderful advantage UK has being in EU#brexit#NHS
"and Olly" The root problem. Remainers supposedly 'negotiating' Brexit.
Brexit vote: How will the news affect UK property? Sellers offer HUGE discounts - Express
Law Society Gazette headline - firms step up no-deal preparations after Brexit vote
Preach
Wonder how many signatures the 'Leave o. WTO terms' petition has got? #StandUp4Brexit #Brexit #LeaveMeansLeave #NoDealNoProblem
#TheresaMay Heres some support..... sort of. #Brexit
Lessons learned: People who pushing hard no deal Brexit: 1. Some Tory toffs 2. Far Right Nationalists i.e. BNP, EDL, Britain First, UKIP 3. People who hate Islam 4. Online conspiracy theory fruit loops 5. A pub landlord Anyone else? #Brexit
And some people still refuse to see what's so obvious - party over country every single time without exception.
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
#ThingsThatAreBadForYourHealth Brexit
I have no confidence in bloody any of them to sort Brexit. #PMQs
He is doing poor in the opinion polls.
Ah the irony... Made famous by France and no doubt produced there!? Vive la France PERHAPS!? Your in Europe and EU #BrexitShambles #brexitisflawed
Please Owen Just a re tweet ? - I know Brexit is hogging social media but this is to important and urgent.
This was what Tories did.......to make #Brexit #IEALondon #ASI #BrexitVote #BrexitShambles #EU #London
I'm sticking with this prediction. We're currently in the middle of step 2, by the way. #NoConfidenceVote #NoConfidenceMotion
Is not the solution to the Brexit impasse is to drop the Backstop. Then to avoid a hard land border is to expand the Common Travel Area Agreement between Britain and Ireland to a Temporary customs arrangement until an alternative arrangement is feasible.
Like many I would vote for a Brexit supporting and voting candidate. Not in your poll.
Had a big moment of confusion when I was listening to the radio in the car and there was an interview with a baker, and they talked about how good their bread is, but then the channel changed on its own and someone talked about Brexit.
German colleague just now in a meeting "What about the Brexit? Are you getting Northern Ireland back or what?"
The EU didn’t cause our problems and leaving won’t solve them. Don’t Brexit FIX IT
How high is the possibility of a disorderly Brexit? What do you think?
#Brexit is lots of things: a sham, a con, a nationalist convulsion, a right-wing ego-trip, an experiment in online manipulation, a false promise feeding on people's genuine fears and concerns. But not a political programme. Hence y'day's debacle was its inevitable destination 7/
Any Tory’s who claim that the Brexit vote was “not about economics” and “not everything is about money”. I have a question for you. WHAT IS AUSTERITY FOR THEN???? #PeoplesVote
I don't know why is so keen on a #NoConfidence vote on , clearly he doesn't put much stock in them. He lost one by his caucus 172-40 in 2016 and just ignored it. #UKPolitics #Ukpoli #Brexit
Apposite, beautiful, melancholy. I'm saddened by Brexit above all else.
Without doubt the most infuriating thing about Brexit is trying to get work permits for foreign wonderkids on football manager
Think Jeff Flake, Mitt Romney, Bob Corker, Marco Rubio, always as the Republicans that disagree in MSM
The latest poisonlandia's daily news..! #brexit #brexitvote
Merkel the destroyer of Europe, the creator of Eurabia, another incompetent.
The EU's methods are well known. Whenever a vote goes against them, it's all hands on deck to get that vote overturned. This time, the tactic is to offer a fractured Parliament a poor deal, and then "politely" remind the country they're welcome to change their mind. #Brexit
#Brexit #Nodeal These are the appropriate words that come to mind.
Well in this case the initial tweet seems to consider brexit as a contest of who can hold their breath the longest. He/she seems to think it's the UK. While in all actual fact it will be the UK who is left with WTO rules making import and export extremely costly.
Theresa May cornered as she faces no-confidence vote over Brexit
The importance of trust in leadership; there could be no better time than today to discuss the importance of this vital issue! #trust #leadership #brexit #noconfidence #trustmatters #justASK
Extending Article 50 achieves nothing. It is clear the EU will not budge &amp; it is also clear Parliament is paralysed due to too many fractions wanting different things regarding #Brexit. The only answer is No Deal &amp; negotiate when we’ve left.
[Li:ving]20190116 #Li:ving2018 #brexit-75 #jroh #living #leaving #dailydrawing #1hour labour #london
Our cartoonist's take on the #Brexit shambles via
I don’t think anyone truly believes in Brexit. It was only ever meant to be a pipe dream and soon as it won, its most advocate supporters bailed out because they could foresee the omnishambolic course ahead.
Brexit Meltdown as Theresa May is Massively Defeated on Her Crappy Deal via
On the bright side: if you have a lot of money, Brexit will make it a lot easier to avoid paying tax.
Two months notice
Clusterfuck and Omnishambles don’t even come close to describing the complete and utter mess this country is in, both domestically, and in relation to Brexit. It is no wonder that politicians and political processes induce nothing but apathy and despair at this point.
GBP hits highest level against the euro since November 28th last year despite upcoming no-confidence vote. #brexit
The latest CFAwareness! Thanks to #brexit #cysticfibrosis
There will be crushing unemployment when #Brexit happens
Garbage. NO ONE will build a border! Economy will grow with FTA’s round the world. Economy would stagnate inside EU. NHS will be the same as it was before. People want paid jobs. Brexit won’t stop that. Pure #Remainer BS.
doesn't want a room full of Better stop buggering about then, because that is exactly what you will get if you try and stop #Brexit
Brexit - after the meaningful vote
Should be a slam dunk for any competent opposition
Healthcare unions demand Article 50 extension and ‘people’s vote’ on Brexit via
Brexit - after the meaningful vote
Encouraging that I'm also receiving emails from the wonderful Hamilton Our Town (Hamilton BID) with links to advice and resources on how to insulate my business against the worst of Brexit and the support if the very helpful Federation of Small Business. I'm glad someone's i…
I believe she was told by Theresa May that they weren’t allowed hold a referendum prior to Brexit?
A humiliating Brexit defeat, but May will likely stagger on -
My colleague pulls no punches in this timely piece on #Brexit and its implications for the UK #tech sector.
The latest #trending today! #brexit #worldatwork
Wonder how many signatures the 'Leave on WTO terms' petition has got? #StandUp4Brexit #Brexit #LeaveMeansLeave #NoDealNoProblem
Vote Leave broke the contract by distorting the referendum vote. Tories broke the contract by taking a narrow Leave as a clear mandate to proceed with the hardest Brexit. And the losing side doesn't have to 'accept the result'. That's why Parliament has an official opposition!
Trinity Associate Dr. Jack Cunningham talks about the defeated Brexit deal and British PM Theresa May's future via
German Chancellor Angela Merkel says ‘we still have time to negotiate’ on Brexit but next move up to UK prime minister
I didn't say you were wealthy - I said 'the few' meaning the likes of the Tory Govt - all of whom are rich, many of whom will benefit financially from a No-Deal Brexit.
All the brexit haters on here - bet they’d be the first to open their bottles if we’d voted remain - but, guess what, we didn’t !!!!
I HAD TO GET MY MP SARAH WOLLASTON TO GET DWP TO WRITE TO ME TO TELL ME ABOUT MY PENSION. SARAH IS GOOD AT THAT AND NOT WANTING BREXIT. OTHERWISE AS I SAID ON RADIO DEVON 9AM TODAY SHE VOTED QUARTER OF MY NEW CLAIM DISABILITY/PENSION OFF ME TO PAY ADVISE OTHERS!
James O'Brien: "No Deal Or No Brexit, That's Where We Are Now" - LBC #lbc #fbpe #libdems #conservatives #labour #plaidcymru #snp #ukip #abtv #waton #stupidbrexiteers #itvnews #bbcnews #c4news #5news #skynews #POLITICSLIVE #PMQs #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit #eu
Hiyah Mike cold here roll on Spring and lighter evenings xx watching the Brexit debate a shambles
MSNBC 6:32am BRITISH PM THERESA MAY FACES NO-CONFIDENCE. VOTE AFI'ER HISTORIC BREXIT DEAL DEFEAT THERESA MAY BRITISH PRIME MINISTER
..deliver Brexit for the Russian people.
So she’s gunna stop Brexit? Or...?
Oh I do, but that hate is borne from him being promoted beyond his abilities and totally inept. However if he called for a people's vote i'd be right there behind him. If there is going to be a GE &amp; Labour are still pro Brexit they'll not be getting my vote.
#Brexit is the departing of Brits from the EU. Go from there.
I like the chinese translation of Brexit ....Strip Europe
Little Britain predicted Theresa May’s Brexit backlash 15 years ago
...said the world's biggest loser.
C’mon why would anyone want to ring Vince Cable. A leader of a party of 12 MP’s who campaigned in the 2017 GE for remaining in the EU. All he wants to talk about is a 2nd Referendum. He and his party are insignificant with respect to Brexit.
You normally vote Labour but really want Brexit. If Lab supported a GE supporting a second referendum in their manifesto would you still vote Labour?
"A second referendum is an easy way out for MPs – but not for democracy." | Chris Bickerton
I wasn’t amazed at how steadfastly members of the Conservative government refused to answer straightforward easy questions yesterday evening. Do you have a plan B? Nope, but would say anything but!
British PM Theresa May should opt for no-deal Brexit: Nile Gardiner | Fox Business
Clearly you haven’t seen the ratings and clearly you haven’t figured out it ain’t getting sent overseas cuz no one is picking it up. Season 3 sucks as much as your Brexit deals yeah. #BoycottLethalWeapon #LethalFail #NoClayneNoWatch
General Election is on the way after Brexit defeat, powerless Theresa May is warned by Tory allies
Another great night on with and awesome guests and posse members. We took on brexit too!
You keep going on about that one point, We will be just fine outside the EU making our own laws, fiscal policies, tariffs etc, Thus making us more competitive globally after the initial shock of Brexit. The EU is a crumbling dictatorship that has German interest at heart. #FACT
London house prices continue to fall as Brexit uncertainties remain
When he became leader said that the membership would shape the party's policies. It would seem that he was lying, at least when it comes to #brexit
This could work!
Yesterday; no way Labour could negotiate with the EU. Today; a shift in.....EU will immediately.... give a favourable response. Clowns to the center and jokers to the right! #NoConfidence #Brexit
I know, the lies and untruths that peddled was unbelievable.
thinks breaking up a union like the #UK (that is going to destroy tens of thousands of people lives &amp; have unknowable economic repercussions) is a good thing... Good to know Andy, thanks for reminding me what a poor "leadership" choice you are! #cdnpoli #Brexit
Hey, if it was up to me John Halpin would be in No10 sorting out Brexit as we speak. It's more that you couldn't really include what MK did then as an appointment, as such.
Below is a list of the names of the 118 #Tory MPs who rightly voted against Theresa #May's EU #WithdrawalAgreement yesterday. (#BrexitLondon)
True
It's as if their only concern is self interest... Shocking
I don’t think for one minute Brexit will affect you with your 1.8 million pounds from our license fees a year #bore
#brexit : The most #useless mess that a sane nation has ever willingly and wilfully got itself into. #PeoplesVote
YES IT IS, BREXIT MAN! HONOR THE PEOPLE'S VOTE, DAMMIT!!!!
Can we have a referendum on this, perhaps?
Weaker Inflation Joins Brexit Fog as Cause for BOE Rate Caution
I think it will work once. Because the Speaker knows there will be a ton of amendments on it that could change the shape of Brexit, he'll probably allow it essentially unaltered. But not a third time.
Citizen of the UK cast the vote for the Brexit unlike in China it is the leader who makes the decision and people have no say.
Correct! People are entitled to express their views on Brexit to you. But it seems you've ignored them. So as a result there is No Cofidence in you to represent the people of Boston #justnotoneofus
She did not lose because Brexit was a lie. She lost because shes trying to please everyone. Brexit means Brexit. It needs to get done. Over 60% of Brits do not want another vote. Just get on with the business already.
All the top #news #brexit #trump #etc
'Time almost up': EU leaders react with dismay to UK Brexit vote
Brexit: is it worth it? I put my thing down, flip it and reverse it Ti esrever dna ti pilf, nwod gniht ym tup If you got a good deal, let me search ya And find out how hard I gotta work ya #Brexit #DealOrNoDeal
London should free itself from the shackles of the bloated and corrupt #EU. Assert your independence and break free! #Brexit
If the main EU protagonists such as Germany don't want to be trapped by small nation nationalism in their future strategies for ever closer union, you would do well to guard against 's attempts to stymie an orderly brexit with his nationalist ambitions.
*Corbyn elected PM *Tories raise hell and refuse to recognize him as PM *”I gUeSs We NeEd AnOtHeR eLeCtIoN” You're literally undermining democracy in a western country. Absolutely shocking.
Brexiters hate political opportunism
The 2 things people voted for in 2016, #Brexit &amp; #BuildTheWall are being thwarted by the establishment in both countries. They are telling people their votes don’t matter at all. That’s a bad strategy. It leaves the people with few choices for change.
5 minutes later, having read this, I'm back from the brink again.
Brexit: Twitter users mock Theresa May's 'epic fail' -
Brexit doesn't fit with the GFA and maintaining the open Border on the island of Ireland. This is a about peoples lives and about communities that lived with Borders in one way shape or form from 1923 - 2005 2/
Just how, who knows? But Parliament will end up delaying or revoking Brexit and proceeding with a second referendum. Remain, or leave on May’s terms with a choice to mandate either Norway or Canada for the FTA.
As I wrote - paranoia !!! maybe a bit too overloaded by Brexit
While causing Brexit in the first place with Austerity
Stop the #Brexit talks. Stop talking about the #TourDownUnder or the #Supercoppa. Follow the link below to see a picture of Mario Cipollini naked (but still wearing a helmet, because ya know......safety)
Hey Brits, pay attention, Nigel Farage sold you out, you lost 1.2 trillion on hint of Brexit because someone bet on your move. Yesterday you didn't lose, which means you cancelled their bet. Follow the money. Who gained on your Brexit? You didn't. You want to revert to WWI era
Brexit: With less than 80 days until Britain’s expected departure from the European Union, Global Language Services provider thebigword has been putting in place plans for all eventualities.
Whahahahahaha. That creature is making a big mess out of the #Brexit because she/it (don't know what it really is) doesn't want a real #Brexit She/it is not a real conservative, like Thatcher was.
Maybe not Dave, but we're all fucking thinking it, you coward.
Many of the "no dealers" are also against ,they're are in no way United.
Post-Brexit trade deals: the Norway and Canada options explained via
Still going after the Brexit Grey Vote who are convinced that Corbyn is a member of the IRA and Hezbollah, whilst alienating Remain supporters. Genius electoral strategy.
Reforming the EU is just as much vague as Brexit, no plan no vision nothing
Oh piss off
He and the front bench want brexit that is undeniable. However whether he can be swayed by the party is another matter
To steal someone else’s point, a referendum result of 52:48 is more of a coin-toss than a clear statement of the will of the people. The ‘simple majority’ rule in such complex questions is at best inadequate and at worst, well, see Brexit. It should never be used again.
The latest The One More Generation Daily! Thanks to #brexit #management
simon you asked for comment re Brexit ,...
Neighbour has just lit a bonfire in the rain. #Brexit
Stocks rise after strong earnings from Goldman Sachs and Bank of America -
Looks like this is about as popular as #JezFest - never mind Mary, ‘There’s Something About Jeremy’ and it isn’t that well liked. Maybe even the average Joe knows that with as Leader, Labour don’t stand a chance of winning a #GeneralElection . #Brexit #CrookedCorbyn
Theresa May's Brexit deal defeated by record margin: What happens now?
Only UKIP has a plan for Brexit &amp; the entire UK
May has no “duty” to a sham. There’s another option in my view. It’s to get a long extension and take a new vote on Brexit. Quickly and making sure no outside interference. Then, if it’s yes, push for deal or fall to hard exit. If no; then it’s make Europe great again by staying.
You cannot help but feel sorry for our PM she cannot win from day one placed in a position of doom, who would want to have the Brexit curse.
Either Europe was to blame, therefor Brexit. Or Europe was not to blame, therefor why the fook Brexit? People blamed EU for problems not of the EU, and decided to believe the lies and self interest of JRM, Farage, Johnson.
Oh look, a man on BBC News insinuating that Brexit is only a question of England, not of the UK. Shock. Horror.
I believe maybe with an intense want 2 push brexit through pm may may have made a bad deal that obviously parliament didn't like I believe brexit must happen and at such a volitale moment changing governments in England would be a bad move. It's best to keep stability now. Donald
Time to end this madness #Brexit #PeoplesVote #NHS
The sun us shining on the #Saltire in #Edinburgh #Scotland today. A good omen for #Indyref2 #indyref #independence #Brexit
David Cameron caused this Brexit anarchy and just got off haha id respect him for great shithousery if he didnt shag pigs
YES TO THIS
Debate of no confidence in the Govt, the urgency is a VOTE OF NO CONFIDENCE IN JEREMY CORBYN. Theresa May shredded him several times in the debate &amp; PLP did not seem to notice? He cannot stay on the fence a day longer without telling where he stands on brexit.
Listening to earlier. A timely reminder of when we had more clarity about brexit. "#RedWhiteAndBlueBtexit"
Lock. Him. Up !! Elsewhere in Parliament - MPs question former Brexit secretary via
I am hearing NO brexit plans from labour at all just hot air !They have no plan !Apart from their own selfish plan to put their party before country !I also hear many labour cronies saying this is the worst defeat of a PM !Can they remind the public how many time we have left EU
Nigel Farage, 17 December 2017: "I'm 53, separated and skint." Nigel Farage, 16 January 2019: "I flew overnight on a private plane and can't even remember what it cost." Looks like someone is doing well out of Brexit, eh?
Mr Critchlow was one of the sources of reports in 2014 that oil would be bad for an independent Scotland. Yet four years later and facing the possibility of a hard Brexit, suddenly oil is good for the UK? Unreliable journalism bill
If there is no deal that can pass parliament and as they won’t allow no deal crash out , the only option left is no Brexit! Simples.
Macron absolutely nails it.
If you have changed your stay decision to leave/Brexit, then please allow the country to change their minds.
Brexit Scenarios; What Irony As It Will Be That Of No-Deal That Delivers (Stephen Pope, Contributor/Forbes.com Market News)
Always worth highlighting how foreign media view this mess. Britain is left without a #Brexit plan. It’s headed toward disaster.
Brexit vote: Theresa May faces no-confidence vote after crushing defeat - live updates
Dave I agree I have thought for some time that they are in a state of obbseson regarding Brexit..The many many issues that we see so clearly they don't want to see or appear to know about. They are very good at take take take. the are great at creaming off as much as possible.
PMQs: Theresa May and Ken Clarke on Brexit red lines
We have rain! And the Brexit Bollocks Bullshit...
Radical remainers, and leavers don't want to build a wall, just want our government making our laws in the house of parliament and Freedom away from the constraints of EU unelected business men who want to manage us like we're working for them.. #Brexit #WTO
Britain should honestly just leave the EU now, without a deal. The world's biggest and fastest growing economies lie outside the EU. We've got nothing to lose. #Brexit #BrexitVote #UK
‘Still time to negotiate,’ Merkel says after Brexit vote
Beyond Westminster, there’s more to politics than Brexit infighting “Chaotic useless bickering rudderless floundering humiliated Tories slump to six-point lead over Labour”, tweeted one of the parliamentary lobby’s wittiest memb... via #business
Because the vote of no confidence is about more than just Brexit. She should be squirming about many. many things.
Look how long it took to make GDPR happen—what makes anyone think they can make a Brexit deal happen in 3 months? It would be laughable were it not such an absurd (albeit completely avoidable) situation in the first place.
Gasps from #MPs as historic scale of #Brexit defeat sinks in An #original #poem by #amwriting #poetry #indieauthor #selfpublishing and proud #peaceandlove
The author of this mess. He would not face down the loony right in the tory party. Now we all will pay the price.
For immigration. #Brexit ers pretend (without proving) that we'll negotiate FTAs for vast untapped markets. These always involve concessions on FOM &amp; visas. Currently over 2 million people have overstayed on their visas &amp; Brexit won't change illegal immigration.
Pound Falls as Investors Weigh Worst-Case Brexit as Vote Fails The pound declined in Asia trading as investors start to weigh a worst-case Brexit after Prime Minister Theresa May’s bill was roundly defeated by lawmakers. #Indeal #Indeal24 #Pound #onlinetrading #onlinebroker
Yes we need #PeoplesVote and commitment to investigate illegality of #Brexit funding
Does #BrexitMeanBrexit? And if so, what does that mean, and how can we know it? If you are a post-graduate researcher affected by #brexit and these questions and more join us at the Researching Brexit Symposium
Gary Woodwards for prime minister #brexit #tringschool #socialism
actually it would make it worse - think this through please. The appalling division that has opened up already can be made worse.
actually it would make it worse - think this through please. The appalling division that has opened up already can be made worse.
You’re allowed to have as many referendums as you want, you just have to justify it. People’s Vote and 2016 vote won’t even be the same as this time it would be explicitly clear what Brexit would mean aka No Deal in this case.
Thread....
Hoped that being away might be a respite from Brexit but no such luck. All English speaking TV channels are full of it. Enough to drive a girl to drink. This time Kingfisher Storm on Pondicherry beach :)
A reputable and professional Prime Minister should resign after a case like Brexit yesterday. However, Theresa May is very distant from professionalism. Now is only one way: resignation and new general election.
With new signs that #brexit will last forever, we are still finding the best #developmentloans for our clients:
He offered a referendum as he had promised to do so, the result didnt go the way he wanted so he stepped aside to let someone who believed in Brexit step up unfortunately we got May. I think it was the only good thing he did.
Hey Femi, How's yur George Soros pocket money holding out?
UK's May faces no-confidence vote after Brexit plan crushed
Brexit
In the last Budget, the Chancellor announced record funding for the NHS, thanks to Brexit. Love our NHS? Support Brexit.
‘Still time to negotiate,’ Merkel Says After Brexit Vote
You are correct BREXIT means a host of different things. Problem is its a made up word to encourage people to forget we voted to LEAVE the European Union. Brexit was not on the Ballot paper. There are many words which means leave but brexit is not one of them.
I voted Labour in 2017 to OPPOSE brexit.
The strength of is declining within Parliament and we will see if it survives the question of trust. The #Brexit did not obtain majority by staying on the tightrope. #nhk11!!! #BrexitChaos #Japan #Tokyo #Yokohama
I may of missed it, but can't see your name on this list. Can you clarify whether you are backing a second referendum on Brexit?
The question of who in #journalism gets to define and describe those contending forces, based on what life experiences and perspectives, is profoundly important.
Who’s going to pay me any attention after Brexit !!?? Mirror mirror on the wall....
Another half baked idea. Lets get out first then seek agreement on cooperation in areas of choice. Another MP who wants to stay friends after the divorce.
You’re allowed to have as many referendums as you want, you just have to justify it. People’s Vote and 2016 vote won’t even be the same as this time it would be explicitly clear what Brexit would mean aka No Deal in this case.
With new signs that #brexit will last forever, we are still finding the best #developmentloans for our clients:
Thread....
Brexit
In the last Budget, the Chancellor announced record funding for the NHS, thanks to Brexit. Love our NHS? Support Brexit.
UK's May faces no-confidence vote after Brexit plan crushed
Who’s going to pay me any attention after Brexit !!?? Mirror mirror on the wall....
Watching May’s speech it strikes me that the politicians in charge of the EU are so much better than those in charge of our country.
The question of who in #journalism gets to define and describe those contending forces, based on what life experiences and perspectives, is profoundly important.
I may of missed it, but can't see your name on this list. Can you clarify whether you are backing a second referendum on Brexit?
Thanks for the warning! It's not you, it's Brexit that's the problem. Is there too much lead piping in Westminster or mercury contamination from ancient top hats? I understand EU perfectly. I understand Corbyn, Boris, Rees-Mogg &amp; Co. and DUP. That still leaves a lot unexplained.
New post (Brexit WARNING: Mark Carney says markets think EU exit could be DELAYED) has been published on Right Now News -
Another half baked idea. Lets get out first then seek agreement on cooperation in areas of choice. Another MP who wants to stay friends after the divorce.
Imports to the UK would also have WTO tariffs making things more expensive for UK households and pushing up inflation. Salisbury's have already said it could push up food prices by 10%
Corbyns ratings collapsed last spring when his record on anti-Semitism.was exposed and he took the Kremlin line (via Seumas Milne) on Salisbury. Plus Brexit, particularly among young people. He's a millstone. A racist millstone.
Interesting stance considering the crisis facing the UK. #Brexit
getting pretty hard to differentiate between seasonal depression and brexit bummers but there’s a clear winner in the snappy name stakes!
STEVE HILTON: Botched Brexit means clock ticking on UK's chance for sovereignty, freedom from EU -
It's as if the Disability Discrimination Act never existed. The abolishment of the Human Rights Act 1998, if Brexit occurs, will make it even easier to target the disabled who've been disproportionately punished by austerity and WCA Assessments.
bellends never regret
There are two ways either an interim setup backed by the establishment will implement this or in my opinion a much more favorable option is #ImranKhan calls on early elections with referendum type seeking people's vote for transition just like Brexit.
JC: You are in denial TM: You are in denial. JC; You are in denial of denial. TM: No you are in denial of denial. #BritishDemocracy #Brexit
The problem with Brexit is that there’s no obvious next step #Brexit #ReinoUnido #Europa
#Brexit #NoConfidenceVote In this crisis, history may have the answer: In May 1940 after the Norway defeat, Chamberlain resigned and Churchill was elected PM with support from Labour. Today, Is there enough support for a cross-party government and agreement on a Norway + option?
I don't doubt that politicians will block Brexit as you say, but this notion that "anger dissipates" and everything will go back to how it was before is delusional. The issue isn't going to go away, it's going to be a constant until we leave.
Stormont has been dead over two years. First, they were a shower of corrupt megalomaniacs. Then, they got even worse. Now, they are hiding from the NI people. The only way to sort this mess is to put it back to the public. #AssemblyElection
"What the EU Wants to Hear from the U.K. Now:...." (via bloomberg)
No time to have a referendum or election so tory party got what they always wanted #nodeal brexit
Brexit: Dominic Grieve tables two bills calling for a second EU referendum
So much for democracy, he’s just the leader of the opposition! Theresa May omits Jeremy Corbyn from cross-party Brexit talks
Worthwhile reminding ourselves that the #bbc and British media more widely are also to blame for this #Brexit shambles. Allowing racists and xenophobes the same amount of space as actual experts when considering issues like #immigration on the economy mislead lots of voters.
Pound Falls as Investors Weigh Worst-Case Brexit as Vote Fails The pound declined in Asia trading as investors start to weigh a worst-case Brexit after Prime Minister Theresa May’s bill was roundly defeated by lawmakers. #Indeal #Indeal24 #Pound #onlinetrading #onlinebroker
What about Brexit?
No. Boris and Nigel are at fault massively for their lies about Brexit. They’ve both disappeared funny enough and leaving the PM to take all the shit.
I love snooker but obviously not enough. Not even going to attempt this but will keep a close eye. Amazing really what being bored of Brexit makes you excited about.
The leaders of the Liberal Democrats and Green Party: Anti-Brexit electoral pact between Liberal Democrats and Green Party - Sign the Petition! via
I don't think a super-soft Brexit is even possible especially at this point. I mean the repercussions of it are going to be hard. The UK will not be allowed to have their cake and eat it too. Plus, the demands for separatism will once again be ignited in Scotland
he's a twat
She isn’t clueless. Her aim is Brexit. Only Brexit. Nothing but Brexit. No matter what.
needs to just abandon this #Brexit motion. We're all going to be worse off. We need to have a national conversation about how facts are distributed. The bending of figures and intentional misinformation cannot continue.
Award for the slickest presentation of the day goes to - got me thinking RE how I avoid twitter conversation with the #Brexit vitriol going on. I was once told that common sense ain't that common - very true of Mike's version #TEDxBradford #KINDNESS
Though Brexit is supposedly only two months away, Prime Minister Theresa May's plan for it was shot down Parliament yesterday. For more information of the plight of those across the Pond, along with some other news, tune in to at the bottom of the hour.
The leaders of the Liberal Democrats and Green Party: Anti-Brexit electoral pact between Liberal Democrats and Green Party - Sign the Petition! via
UK citizens voted to remain in the EU, EEC as was, the first referendum! The 2nd referendum was rife with lies, fraud, criminality and foreign interference. One would hope the 3rd will not be! Not confusing!
'How should this Brexit crisis be fixed? Our writers’ verdicts '| CONCUR: 'So by all means, let’s try to extend article 50 by a few months, since we’re obviously not ready. But this time let’s not squander them' | The Guardian
BBC News - 'Brexit Box': Hundreds stock up over food supply fears
tory govern on 13m votes, what proportion of leavers are you banking on not wanting full brexit when no one had heard of "a deal" when 17m voted to "just leave the eu". Add well known stubbornness and aversion to being shafted to this mix.
Companies cry out for Brexit clarity, warn on no-deal
Stocks rise after strong earnings from Goldman Sachs and Bank of…
8% loss of GDP is jut a fear tactic, the same one that said the pound would crash out in the even of a Brexit vote - the pound did not crash and burn.
We go live to No.10 #Brexit
I think that if Mueller manages to publish his findings there will be a knock on here because the USA are investigating and UK is not. That will contain, I think, lots about Brexit and foreign interference. Brexit was a dry run for Trump
Fabulous. Emmanuel Macron understands Brexit and it’s consequences far better than our own Government and the Labour Party.
May will continue putting her Deal forward and losing, Corbyn will continue tabling No Confidence votes and losing, both are happy to run down the clock and “accidentally” have a No Deal hard Brexit.
Only fair since WM/MSM demanded a ‘Plan B’ from the Scottish Government during the #indyref
#Brexit is lots of things: a sham, a con, a nationalist convulsion, a right-wing ego-trip, an experiment in online manipulation, a false promise feeding on people's genuine fears and concerns. But not a political programme. Hence y'day's debacle was its inevitable destination 6/
Dear you don't ride the wave. You make the wave that others ride. So far Parliament is playing catch-up. #Brexit was nearly 3 years ago. Do something:
I thought this was another Brexit tweet for a second
All the thickies and racists are on your side duck. So are these people
I’m in. Where do I sign?
Because it is the only other option. A soft Brexit means we get access to the EU playground but with no voice.
Let's talk about the other, far more dangerous ' mess ' you import!
OMG Corbyn cult member who has spent the last year bleating "but what can Corbyn do?" now shifts position to fantasies about new negotiations for a #brexit she know will make the people she says she cares about poorer. Shameless disastrous disaster socialism
Stocks rise after strong earnings from Goldman Sachs and Bank of…
We go live to No.10 #Brexit
Companies cry out for Brexit clarity, warn on no-deal
tory govern on 13m votes, what proportion of leavers are you banking on not wanting full brexit when no one had heard of "a deal" when 17m voted to "just leave the eu". Add well known stubbornness and aversion to being shafted to this mix.
Dear you don't ride the wave. You make the wave that others ride. So far Parliament is playing catch-up. #Brexit was nearly 3 years ago. Do something:
8% loss of GDP is jut a fear tactic, the same one that said the pound would crash out in the even of a Brexit vote - the pound did not crash and burn.
Only fair since WM/MSM demanded a ‘Plan B’ from the Scottish Government during the #indyref
I’m in. Where do I sign?
Fabulous. Emmanuel Macron understands Brexit and it’s consequences far better than our own Government and the Labour Party.
All the thickies and racists are on your side duck. So are these people
#Brexit is lots of things: a sham, a con, a nationalist convulsion, a right-wing ego-trip, an experiment in online manipulation, a false promise feeding on people's genuine fears and concerns. But not a political programme. Hence y'day's debacle was its inevitable destination 6/
OMG Corbyn cult member who has spent the last year bleating "but what can Corbyn do?" now shifts position to fantasies about new negotiations for a #brexit she know will make the people she says she cares about poorer. Shameless disastrous disaster socialism
TORY TROUGHERS
Let's talk about the other, far more dangerous ' mess ' you import!
Latest developments that will likely impact assignees. Are you preparing accordingly?
That’s why we need a People’s Vote, May’s Deal because she says it’s the best they will give or No Brexit;No Deal is not an option given Parliament’s, business &amp; the public’s objections to it;simple; if May wins Remainers agree to abide by it
Trying to follow Brexit happenings #ThingsThatAreBadForYourHealth
Who could have possibly seen this coming? ‘. Some in Labour have discussed requiring May to agree to an election as the price for accepting an offer of a customs union.’
. briefing paper on #Brexit is online - After #BrexitVote uncertainty is higher than ever and could damage Italian companies exporting in the UK -
End of the article mentions how Brexit might make it more difficult for English clubs to sign foreign players but how would it effect the reverse? Foreign leagues signing English players?
Don’t think any of that is true is it? The pound dropped dramatically after the Brexit vote and companies are preparing to pull out of the UK if Brexit goes ahead taking jobs with them, please if you’re going to argue a point at least argue with truths
Nation's leaders must serve all people, says Methodist Church #Brexit
In 1990 Britain waived its rights to over £3 trillion Germany owes us in War reparations. Douglas Hurd did it to “enable united Germany to have full sovereignty over its internal and external affairs”. Sod Germany. This treaty needs revisiting after Brexit. £3 trillion FFS!
Hang on in there #TheresaMay you’ve come too far now. Can’t see any one else that can see us through this. People need to remember that this wasn’t your fight! #cameronthecoward #Brexit
The main focus of brexit has been in the commons for a long time now and home issues ignored. So best to put the matter of blue passports to one side and make starving children a priority for today
Ah ‘The Brexit’!
Simple; no deal or no #Brexit. Only realistic options. If anybody tries to go for no Brexit, obvious action is to bring govt down, have election on 4th April, and leave EU while MPs campaigning for their pay cheques.
With 72 days to go and following the vote against the Withdrawal Agreement in Westminster, the risk of a disorderly #Brexit has increased and businesses should prepare for all eventualities
In loop "#BREXIT is YOUR CHOICE, not mine!" - #Luxembourg Prime Minister tells #UK ... di
Because of false allegations LeaveEU starts a witch hunt against a MP who acts very sensibly on a matter of national importance. Stop blaming one MP that he exercises better judgment than uninformed #Brexiteers #Brexit
Fat forehead b*tch
This is a slow moving car crash and it's captivating to watch. #ukpoli #brexit
Stocks set to open slightly higher as traders digest Brexit vote and focus on bank earnings
Oh dear. The man who is practically always wrong on everything ... TBH, that worries me. But I gather Paul Mason thinks Brexit can be stopped, and he's nearly always wrong, too ... so there's hope yet!
Great Britain has woken up. Can the United States be far behind??? #BREXIT #DUMPTRUMP
Maybe you should listen to this. Just resign do the U.K. a favour your a dead duck
Major league twat. Biggest L in politics when you fucking left after the results.
She has no one to blame but herself for this unholy mess. From the moment she took over the Premiership she has made bad decision after bad decision. She has to be ousted by her own Party. The country did NOT call for this constitutional Brexit crisis.
They published the news in July but no journalist has ever raised this in connection with the government “Brexit at all costs” position. The government saying they respect the result is basically encouraging campaigns to break the law.
needs to announce today that he will offer a 100% reciprocal free trade agreement to the UK as soon as #Brexit takes effect.
how come there has never been anything said about Brexit being Putin's 1st western alliance victory. The Britain's were brainwashed by Russia misinformation and propaganda on social media and on line. To believing that UK should break from EU. Its a Russian victory
Our BT21 store doesn’t exist.
Presumably for them to keep their jobs.....Dont disrespect our decision we voted to leave....
fr how is this man still sleeping at night
The national interest has been overshadowed until now by the interests of the political elite but the people always knew what they wanted - a complete break with the EU. Now they will insist on that break.
He should be ashamed of himself. What happened to his support for the PM that he could celebrate in this way Hope he never gets a job in the cabinet. He is not reliable
By the SNP trying to get another Brexit vote or ignore it and stay in the Customs Union this is suicide for a party thats whole existence is based on getting a Referendum result. They never wanted independence thats what I think and just another con on the poor voter
Love Europe , hate the EU #Brexit
Between Brexit, The Wall, May and Trump, the rest of the world must be pissing themselves
Brexit Derangement Syndrome. Seek help it will make ypu very ill.
Yes, it is that time, but it won't happen. May does not want Brexit, hence Chequers &amp; the WA. Genuine Tory Brexiteers need to wake up and do something about it, and the starting point is to finally remove the most duplicitous PM from office.
No deal Brexit is becoming more than a possibility - here's a bit more context on what that could mean for the renewables sector.
#ThingsThatAreBadForYourHealth 1) Brexit 2) Talking about Brexit 3) Continual Brexit on the news EVERY DAY 4) Vegans 5) Griefers on Red Dead Online
There’s no good Brexit. Please stop pretending.
Superb work.
Petition: Brexit re article 50 it must not be suspended/stopped under any circumstances
they are protected from the world they have created. No one has explained it better! And why half the country dgaf what the man says or does!
May's mission impossible on Brexit
Yeah, u better run
So there’s one way
It is giving the people a cooling off period. There was only 4 percent in it. And after brexit brexiteers will keep shouting out.
Theresa May faces no-confidence vote after Brexit defeat, but most experts say she'll hang on #Brexit
. attacks while one of the people who inflicted pain and suffering on millions of people is standing in front of him. Would he have done the same if it were a male Lib Dem stood there? Of course not. Blatant bias &amp; sexism.
So now both the former Prime Minister of Australia and the Deputy Prime Minister of New Zealand argue for a ‘No Deal’ #Brexit.
Brexit: The Scotsman calls for second referendum – leader comment
Brexit is just some fucked up game of Deal or No Deal and it's only made worse by the lack of Noel Edmonds
City chiefs call for Brexit delay after PM’s deal is rejected
If there is to be a second Brexit referendum All of the politicians who have prevented the first one being acted upon must resign They have proved themselves unfit to have any further say Resign before you do any more harm You are completely worthless, a waste of vita organs
So are we. Sigh. Good riddance!
On January 15th, the British Parliament took a major step in repairing damage done by Putins Brexit vote meddling.
So in other words he just confirms what a total c**t he is......
He holds the same swayover parliament matters as the cleaner.
Two female Prime Minister's, two #disasters... buff said... both spiteful and self righteous.. #NoConfidenceMotion #Brexit
He's only saying what lots of us say the fact is too many leave voters believed Mays Brexit means Brexit lie and deserted UKIP at the last general election and in doing so got us where we are today
First thing on my mind was that the offending family is probably a UKIP Brexit family.
May faces no-confidence vote after record defeat on Brexit deal
BBC News - Brexit uncertainty hits house purchases &gt; client comments
Didn’t you listen to any of the hours long debates? Didn’t read the reports? You have the internet. If you had used it before the referendum, you would have understood Brexit, and why people voted for it. Too busy getting drunk in Ibiza?
They're a sham- hiding behind Brexit to cover their tracks.I only hope people educate themselves before picking up a tabloid in the next coming months.
Who can come up with the wackiest metaphor for Brexit for cheap retweets from the FPBE crowd?
SHE'LL JUST BECOME MORE ENTRENCHED, IF YOU DON'T TRUST HER NOW YOU CERTAINLY WON'T TRUST HER AFTER HER VOTE. #PMQS #BREXIT
"Now factions in Parliament will offer their own proposals — setting off a new, unpredictable stage in Brexit." New, unpredictable stage. Because up this point, you know, things have been running smoothly, nothing was fraught with trouble at all
UK ad industry wants no-deal Brexit ‘taken off the table’ after PM's withdrawal defeat via
She’s been so out of touch she’s on another planet. People voted Brexit so it has to be a WTO deal, end of..
The Brexit love song from the Netherlands
"I didn't vote for a no deal brexit" Yes you fckin did. I don't remember any talk of compromises or deals when asked to put an X in the box Leave the EU. Stay in the EU. Stop talking shite. No deal = Leave the EU. Always has, always will. Deals were invented by Remainers.
Should there be a motion of no confidence in the opposition as well? Personally I have no faith in the #Labour party! #Lexiters #PeoplesVote #Brexit #brexitvote #brexitdebate #wednesdaythoughts
FISH WITHOUT BORDERS With Brexit uncertainty very much to the fore Irish Times video have this report shot on a trawler that currently fishes...
Will Theresa #May now do what she should have done months ago : marginalise the Tory Right/Brexit fanatics and reach out for cross-party consensus to achieve a deal ??#Brexit
Brexit 2.0 coming up.
Theresa May is deranged the lunatics in the Tory party couldn't even run an asylum but they certainly need to be sectioned in one
Rees Mogg thinks May is not competent enough to do a Brexit deal. Rees Mogg thinks May is not competent enough to tell him what to do, he doesn't want her as party leader. But strangely, Rees Mogg has every confidence that Theresa May is competent enough to decide your future.
Good to see The Who making a comeback in time for Brexit!
Right, Parliamentarians, you’ve just massively rejected the only deal being offered to us by the EU. Your choice now? 1. Do nothing and allow the UK to exit the EU on WTO terms on 29 March 2. Mandate the Government to revoke Article 50 Which is it to be? #Brexit
Never was a fan of Cameron, he stood down because he’s a Remainer and didn’t want to deliver Brexit, but at least he had the decency to honour his promise, unlike Theresa May and the 450 MPs who voted to Leave on 29th March with or without a deal..
The Queen should prorogue Parliament, stop Brexit and invite Donald Tusk to take over the country.
Has the Brexit vote saved London tenants £1,800 pa in rent?
Cameron runs away from Brexit for the second time
Just a tiny little thought: He doesn't care. A no-deal Brexit is in the "national interest". HIS "national" interest.
Brexit negotiations were fully flawed, Alfred Sant says
So we didn't fight for democracy from Germany #backdoorinvasion
I thought you voted for a Hard Brexit back in '16, or was that part of last weeks instalment of "Brexit delusion - The ongoing series".
An amazing campaign.
#Afternoonlive giving a fair &amp; level headed analysis of our parliamentary democracy &amp; in reference to #brexit situation.
Brexit's no longer wanted, the referendum was illegal and corrupted and worse - the investigation into this is being sat on. No - whatever you, don't deliver.
Fine! Will do nicely.
ha this just came up on my Amazon recommendations #BrexitShambles
Can the legal citizens of American take a vote of "NO-CONFIDENCE" against for holding this country hostage because of her bigotry &amp; hate against
But #Brexit must be stopped for us to have a chance of fixing the rest.
Honestly anyone who got the job to take Britain through Brexit was screwed.
#MayMustGoNow Almost double the worst result in History and she's still there?
‘NO RENEGOTIATION’ Merkel smashes Brexit hopes and says Article 50 extension is ‘FICTION’
People aren't criticising Saint Jeremy for not having a Brexit plan. They're accusing him of not having a Brexit plan that has a cat in hell's chance of being accepted and getting through the House.
Someone please take this guy away
We need #PeoplesVote and investigation of #Brexit illegality.
#Brexit: so, in any case, the UK leaves the EU according to
'Great theatre – but tragic': Europe's media reacts in horror to May defeat #Brexit
Brexit Derangement Syndrome. Seek help or it will make you very ill
Teresa may has just said a government led by the opposition is not the right way??? Bit rich considering she's a remainer leading the brexit negotiations.
#CPI #inflation falls to 2.1% (from 2.3%), its lowest level in nearly two years - eases pressure on #MPC to raise #interestrates amidst #Brexit uncertainty #economics #business #politics #monetarypolicy
But UK deserves better than Canada, Norway, Swiss, WTO brexit, why have you failed when it was said to be so simple and easy? Answer because it’s all a big CONservative trick
Brexit is taking control of UK borders. DUP want an Irish Border on the pretence that Northern Ireland must not treated differently from the rest of the UK. This DUP wish violates #GFA . So the choice is simple Backstop/Border Poll Vs No Deal/ No Brexit.i.e. GFA Vs BREXIT
This Country has become a laughing stock of Europe and this is down to the irresponsibility of former PM David Cameron who called the June 2016 referendum on Brexit and put this Country's future at stake in order to placate a few fanatics in his party..
I’m not necessarily giving her the benefit of the doubt. But, she even said when she called the snap election that her motivation for it was to strengthen her hand in Brexit negotiations. At least there’s ground to suggest she wanted to see the whole thing through.
BBC "The most hypocritical set up on the face of the earth" says Brexit supporter. This knee jerk "bash the media" mantra is polluting all political debates. It undermines freedom of expression. Journalists are allowed views, prejudices &amp; mistakes, just like anyone else.
Depends who you would prefer as PM Corbyn or May
This amused me too much not to share #brexit #brexitdebate #BrexitShambles #Brexitdeal
They have given this verbal assurance time and time again. They are secure with or without a deal. What we need is for people to stop the scaremongering and let the process play out, not weaponize this issue to fight BrExit.
Mark Francois voted 22X to reduce corporation tax 44X to cut benefits He wants a Brexit deal which will make him &amp; rich friends even richer and the plebs can go whistle!
"If Brexit Now Fails, the West Will Gain" #news #feedly
Twat
OK we r getting somewhere except that a no deal Brexit will be all consuming in its own way as we will have no negotiated or existing trade if arrangements with any country in the world- one of only four inc. Venezuala &amp; Mauritania but hey ho plenty to get on with.
Brexit #8: The vote to trigger Article 50 was won by 498 votes to 114, Experience since then suggests that our new trade agreement with the EU can only be negotiated from outside, under WTO, with everyone's back to the wall, the EU's as well as ours.
BREXIT means a host of different things. Problem is its a made up word to encourage people to forget we voted to LEAVE the European Union. Brexit was not on the Ballot paper. There are many words which means leave but brexit is not one of them.
Tuned back into politics for 1 day and I'm already fucking sick of it. 48% of the people who bothered to vote didn't vote for this, yet it's being sold as 'giving the British people what they want'. Not in my name. Probably not even in the leavers any more. #NoConfidence #Brexit
#WednesdayWisdom MPs rejected the Prime Minister’s Brexit withdrawal agreement with the EU by a margin of 230 votes, prompting a motion of no confidence from Jeremy Corbyn Find out how your MP voted in the historic vote #BrexitVote
Brexit dominates political circles, but outside Westminster many are tuning out
The Brits are the Germans of Europe.
Brexit dominates political circles, but outside Westminster many are tuning out
#AfternoonLive Question: In the event that the Prime Minister loses the vote of No Confidence and a General Election is called, will the Conservative Party be forced into a snap Leadership Election given her promise not to lead the party in the next GE? #Brexit
Andrea Jenkyns is quoting Einstein. Peak Brexit?
“The world’s most densely betwatted space at the best of times, Westminster became even more wantonly apocalyptic in the days and hours leading up to the historic defeat of Theresa May’s Brexit deal...” Hilarious #Brexit rage-rant by 1/3
Well put. This is a global problem. We all need to be fighting this.
Parliament is deadlocked. Brexit is in chaos. The people must now be given the chance to fix this mess. That's what's . Sign the petition at #LetUsDecide
#brexit #NoDealBrexit Should I start stockpiling food at home? Asking for a friend.
ive proper gone off corbyn ff. he has never said or done anything about brexit apart from partisan hyperbole and now hes calling no confidence votes every other week without a shred of contingency or manifesto of what his party would do upon election
O wind,/If Winter comes, can Spring be far behind? Folasade, Adam, Adam and me on a wet blustery morning in Derby discussing Brexit.
The parent company of United Airlines up strongly..
The parent company of United Airlines up strongly..
Have you heard been announced German MPs want to come to discuss Brexit with UK as terrified of trade they will lose with No Deal! We should really have waited for them to come to us!
The parent company of United Airlines up strongly..
i'll bite lol....brexit negotiations led by a remainer is like londons top restaurant being run by a macdonalds worker lol
The parent company of United Airlines up strongly..
Not to put to fine a point on it; fuck the Conservative Party and do what's best for UK.
Jeff Spurgeon of just walked a long way around to deliver a gentle 'Rule Britannia' joke and nailed it. #goodjob 'Let's hope someone will again one day' - a silenced, painless headshot that's bang on target. #brexit
Theresa May suffers historic defeat as parliament rejects fresh Brexit deal -- #nigeria #news
D-day for Brexit deal – here are some of the digital issues hanging in the balance #Brexit #digital #tech #publicsector
100%. Corbyn is as much at fault as Cameron, May, Gove, and Boris. I remember being shocked at how weak the Remain campaign was, but it makes sense in retrospect. Corbyn always wanted to Leave, he just wanted to do it on his own terms.
DealBook Briefing: ‘Brexit’ Deal Fails; What’s Next for Britain? IFTTT, NYT
‘Boris Johnson - not so much a statesman as an Oxfam donation bag torn open by a fox...’ We don’t deserve
101 politician manual: Be Shameless!
British Lawmakers Reject Theresa May’s Brexit Deal Now is the time for all UK voters to demand from their MP's a people's vote since parliament can't decide and is making a total mess of it.
Search on for Brexit consensus after May-s c via #UnitedKingdom #EuropeanUnion #TheresaMay #Brexit
Over our dead bodies!
Remain means many things (Schenghen, Taxation, Euro, Army) some people want in and out of these! There is no status quo unicorn and the EU is an ever moving beast! You have no idea what youre talking about. Certainty only comes with Brexit as we control the future
This commentator on referring to the fact Theresa May doesn't have children as the reason she's so 'bloody minded' when it comes to Brexit. Please. #everydaySexism
Talks crap but with confidence
Brexit deal rejected - what does this mean for the markets? #Huddersfieldis #investments
Here’s a Portuguese press article about #brexit that basically says “if you want to leave, just bugger off already” and that’s the overall feeling around Europe
So is #Brexit off? #GreatBackin? When it comes to knowledge of parliament, I have #NoConfidence
My level of nihilism towards Brexit has got to the point where I'm wilfully ignoring the news until they reach an actual decision and telling myself I can always leave if need be, but knowing deep inside I'll be ready to lead a cabal of feral scavengers in a no-deal UK
Brexitiers don't get to say "Look we know you have got the GFA which brought about a fragile peace on the island of Ireland &amp; normalised life for people. Plus we know you have got 156 areas of Cross Border Cooperation..... But we have got this thing called Brexit" #StopBrexit
It was mission impossible from day 1. I don't quite see how swapping the captain would make any difference. It will be hard #brexit, get over it.
The mysterious poster campaign trolling politicians with their own words has escalated #lbc #fbpe #libdems #conservatives #labour #plaidcymru #snp #ukip #waton #stupidbrexiteers #itvnews #bbcnews #c4news #5news #skynews #PeoplesVote #BrexitVote #Brexit #eu
Ms Soubry does it not make your blood boil that self serving Conservative members of Parliament think it a cause for celebration and champagne drinking that our Country is plunged more Brexit madness, Does it make you proud to be a Conservative?
“King” Billy Davies really should be the chief Brexit negotiator
Empty the house . We need new leaders!.
*DAILY ANTI-GULLIBITY DOSE* George Carlin said it best,They don't give a F**K about you. #YellowVestsKICKASS #YellowVests #FREEASSANGE #21TrillionMissingFromPENTAGON
THERESA MAY YOU HAVE CREATED CHAOS,DIVISION, AND DELAYS FROM MY LAYMANS VIEW NOW AND IN PREVIOUS MINISTERIAL POSITIONS PLEASE RESIGHN FOR THE SAKE OF UNITY.
My prediction for next few weeks. #TheresaMay will carry on as PM but #Brexit deal &amp; deadline will be missed, #EU will extend deadline, PM will resign, May will resign, there'll be a General Election. Beyond that I'll see if this prediction comes true and then provide another!
I've been listening to the Scarlet City series from - and it highlights how Scotland has always been very pro-European (and pro-French in particular). It seems the Auld Alliance is still going strong! #Brexit
Thank you for highlighting sneaky tactics of Govt pushing through more persecution of pensioners under cover of Brexit. Refusal to address findings in ‘s report. Add to that what they’ve done to #50sWomen #BackTo60 #OneVoice #NoConfidenceMotion
“What would happen if you gave everyone on Henman Hill crystal meth? The peerless gives her two cents on what happened last evening in Westminster.
Stocks rise after strong earnings from Goldman Sachs and Bank of America -
Major global markets ignored Brexit deal defeat for British PM Theresa May, who now faces a no-confidence motion.
I didn't realise you have access to the inner thoughts of the people who made the decision. JLR has locations all over the world. What were the reasons for opening the other locations?? Did they have forewarning of Brexit before anyone else?
The remoaners accuse Brexiteers of 'kidnapping a hostage and shooting 'em!' Well I accuse the former of kidnapping our Brexit and threatening to assassinate and bury it Bolshevik-style in an unknown grave amid a Siberian forest!!! Suck that one up #PMQs
Actually, irrespective of their stance on #brexit, there is no place for this unelected bunch of dreamers in any democracy. The #HouseofLords should be abolished, NOW!
It appears that Brexit is on “life support “
‘Worst Thing We Could Do': UK’s May Says Election Means Extending Article 50: via
He does not even have a plan for that. He wants to continue to let the Tory government fail at trying, which helps him, but doesn’t solve the whole Brexit issue. Only a second referendum will do that.
surely now is the time for the government to embrace an EEA-based #Brexit?
Mr. KGB out to be quite thrilled with the turmoil in the UK &amp; US.
Amazingly enough there's more issues than Brexit. Interestingly a knowledge of those issues would allow you to understand Brexit better. Happy to help.
The Brexit deal vote effect.
Well, dotard, at least Putin thinks you’re doing a great job even as more and more Americans come to finally realize that you are indeed a Russian asset.
What a time to be doing a PhD on Indyref... #holdtheconclusion #vivawillbewild
Because corbyn wants brexit and dearnt say so
Because of a push notification, I was able to watch 'live' the vote on Brexit last night!
They could have delivered this post-brexit
The latest Sintagma! Thanks to #agi #brexit
Haha. True but the porn breaks the monotony of Brexit ;-)
Alan Brazil sums up Brexit
The latest The Anne-Marie Daily! Thanks to #afp #brexit
who did s this idiot pundit on afternoon live who thinks Brexit is England versus England! Man is a cretin!
Just me or is this massively indicative of the huge double standards which exist? Am unnaturally annoyed by her martyrdom. Her vote made zero difference &amp; she acknowledged the risk. If I delayed my child’s birth against Drs advice, they would ring a social worker. #Brexit
And realising how you will be treated If you try to leave the Failing Club after they show how they treat friends
Did David Cameron mention a Deal before the referendum? No i don't think so, not in the £9,000,000 information pamphlets, he sent out.
They are probably ‘for’ negotiating competently and robustly with the EU a Brexit that actually allows us to leave. But the PM has utterly failed to do this for two years. Why?
We voted to leave, doesn't he have the mental capacity to understand that No Deal puts us back in control. Who is paying this twit?
Most ways forward that don't involve a lock-in deal WA = "harder" Brexit as the lock-in = permanent tie to EU with no future article 50 type option to exit This isn't difficult and is boring having to explain to people who even write articles for the FT, let alone their readers
Labour are doing a great job of opposing - you don't kick an opponent in the crotch while they are busy punching themselves in the face. #Brexit
May faces #NoConfidence vote after record defeat on #Brexit deal An #original #poem by #amwriting #poetry #indieauthor #selfpublishing and proud #peaceandlove
If you are a believer in 's stupid, misguided, disastrous, shortsighted, pathetic economic or trade or foreign policy decisions, see "Brexit" Our Dumbass in Chief is still trying to isolate us and still trying to pull out of NATO
May and Brexit Face Uncertain Future After Crushing Vote in Parliament
#BrexitShambles is the legacy of May’s premiership + her MPs who are more interested in their own political lives than the well being of the country will vote in support of her agst the #voteofnoconfidence only add to the shameful state of the UK govt as regard for UK plummets
What a joke of a government.
Haha! I think voting age should be increased to 21 in that case! Maybe by then it won't be a peer pressure vote
As the high level of political uncertainty around Brexit continues and we approach 29 March, we have updated our member guidance on Brexit. The guidance answers some of the most common questions about Brexit and optics. #Brexit #Brexitvote
#ThingsThatAreBadForYourHealth - Brexit and this shambles of a Government
Here is Brussels whose agenda is for UK to hold a 2nd referendum dictating to Parliament what it should do. That's not going to go down well.with some ministers. It's not up to you Mr Verhofstadt!
Treasury yields rise after UK leader May's Brexit vote defeat
This is what Brexit has caused.
Labour are, just like the Tories, in a shambles and split all ways over #Brexit, contradicting each other at every turn. Meanwhile, Corbyn just sits on the fence with his usual smirking arrogance. #NoConfidenceMotion.
I really hope the #Brexit shenanigans are over soon. #UK, we understand that you allways had commitment issues, atm experience some sort of midlife crisis and thus wallow in empire nostalgia. But those days are over. You are in an equal and loving relationship now. #EULovesYou
And if in the SM why would we want to be outside the political institutions that make the rules of the SM?
Been at it since Friday and someone asks you on Sunday night in Kents how you feel about Brexit.
I feel this is most likely to have been a typo, and should read ‘’no deal’ is dead’ However there has been a good recovery for the pound, showing perhaps the economic benefits of Brexit not happening.
The NYTimes flowchart for Brexit is eerily similar to my plan for 2019 resolutions.
For Britain’s sake, Theresa May, just go | Joseph Harker
Divide and conquer.
Brexit first as if she voted against her party brexit will be destroyed and eventually cancelled if corbyn gets in.
Amazing a Nobel winning economist can say this with a straight face. "With interest rates &lt;0 no ability to offset shock"
Go on, it's you that wants to go independent. We'll stand at the back but we're not saying it and looking stupid again. #brexit #scotland #stupidtwats
Pound Euro Exchange Rate News: GBP/EUR Steady As Markets Brace For Historic Brexit Vote: The Pound Euro (GBP/EUR) exchange rate traded in a narrow range on Tuesday morning as markets braced for a House of Commons vote on ...
Update on #Brexit No confidence debate. May wants to focus on her record, opposition wants to talk about the deal. It isn't going well for her.
Trade, #Brexit take toll on #Ford $F #autos
Arrogant idiot. Every columnist who praised this man for six years straight in their columns should be asked to never write about politics again.
Brexit itself is the breach of trust. Because most of the things promised by the leave campaign are impossible to deliver. Lies upon lies. Seems people are waking up to this...
Brexit Update: PSNC contingency planning and contractor actions
can't really win on this. No plan: BAD. Secret plan: WORSE
Here is a car you can drive after Brexit
Strong demand for our Brexit Veg Growing Survival Kit and another 2 interviews about it today with the BBC and ITN. Everything you need to feed your family for a year, no experience needed.
WTO rules: What happens if there's a no-deal Brexit?
WTO rules: What happens if there's a no-deal Brexit?
Party interests ahead of national interest. Oh dear.
May crashes to historic defeat as MPs shred Brexit plan
Amid Parliament’s Brexit Rebellion, a Tectonic Shift in How Britain Is Governed
The Day After Brexit...
If you are a believer in 's stupid, misguided, disastrous, shortsighted, pathetic economic or trade or foreign policy decisions, see "Brexit" Our Dumbass in Chief is still trying to isolate us and still trying to pull out of NATO
You do get that Brexit is just a made up word with no specific definition or success criteria right?
Pound rises after 'meaningful' Brexit vote
BOF | British Fashion Council Lends Support to Second Referendum After Brexit Deal Flops
The phrase “Come what May” makes me laugh atm. #Brexit
Of course they can get #Brexit right. The decision by the U.K. electorate was to leave. Leave we must. Otherwise democracy in the U.K. has died. What a proud legacy this generation will have left.
We have been told, consistently, since June 2016 that we’re bigots/racists/uneducated/self-serving/poor etc and this is by the people who LOST the vote, and claim we didn’t understand what we voted for. No-one voted for #Brexit only with a deal. We ticked the box “Leave the EU”
Is this the same David Davis who was in charge of Brexit negotiations for the best part of two years? WTF were you doing then?????
As if the rest of Europe wasn't sick of it! Seriously though - some worrying ideas about Ireland here.
Barry, on the registration fee, the EU will start asking British nationals the same fee after #Brexit so please stop playing party politics. Its people like you that are dividing our nation.
The latest Chepstow People News! Thanks to #brexit #cmrido
You clearly don’t understand what your constituents voted for , 66% to leave . Have you voted in line with their instructions? Btw I’m not a Tory supporter #brexit #forthemany #labourshambles
Most analysts agree that the record defeat for May makes a delay,&amp; possibly a new referendum,far more likely. Parliament will also have more control over the Brexit process,reduces the risk that UK will crash out of the European Union.
So have you Jeremy ,all you’ve done is tried to derail Brexit at every turn ,your party as well as the conservatives have acted like children fighting over a toy ,everybody suffers because of your incompetence
The fact Labour still don't have a Brexit policy after 2.5 years is the biggest dereliction of responsibility in history. Teresa May's plan isn't popular - but at least it is an actual plan on how to deliver the result of the referendum.
If you are a believer in 's stupid, misguided, disastrous, shortsighted, pathetic economic or trade or foreign policy decisions, see "Brexit" Our Dumbass in Chief is still trying to isolate us and still trying to pull out of NATO
Listening to #WakeUptoMoney well it could well have been brexit promotion radio programme. The presenters totally biased.
May’s Brexit Deal Failed. What Happens Now?
Following the historic #Brexit defeat which saw MPs reject the plan by a majority of 230, Russell Silberston, portfolio manager, shares his views with .
It was not rocket science that the EU would never offer us a deal that the UK could accept. Instead of wasting 2 years May should have spent that time fully preparing for a WTO Brexit in order to mitigate any negative consequences. #AfternoonLive #PMQs #NoConfidenceMotion
Won’t win, too many MPs in Leave constituencies are worried about losing their expense accounts, sooty I mean seats #brexit
What is the answer? Is EU choking local farmers? Is the UK brexit the right move? Appreciate an opinion. I have globalism and pretty sure it is the objective of Trudeau.
They think we are bonkers
Irish exit: leave, don't tell anyone, nobody notices until hours later Brexit: scream loudly, "YOU ALL SUCK. I'M GOING TO MAKE MY OWN PARTY NEXT DOOR", stand around awkwardly figuring out who would actually come to said party, all the while still screaming at the hosts.
Nice tan David, been on holiday??? while we been dealing with this Brexit crisis.
Yes I would say brexit is massively different
For all of May’s faults, Brexit is not one of them. She was handed this disaster by Cameron, who I think quickly realized how he mucked things up &amp; that finding a solution would be nearly impossible, so he resigned &amp; passed the buck. Despite all that, she’s at least tried!
'It's a shambles': the view from the country on Brexit now
But as you are in a coalition government you must know the plans surely
Not forgetting the mess you tories get us in # brexit
Important words about a global crisis. It is clear that the citizens of their own country are no longer in control of our country. has been trying to return the power to the people. It couldn’t be clearer that we truly don’t have the power.
Following Brexit there will be no tides and we will have to pay for continental weather. Also, there will be no spaghetti Bolognese so we will have to have Pasty Bognor instead.
you both need to stop acting like little brats and stop bickering and jeering and come together fir a solution that respects democracy (maybe you should refer to a dictionary on that) we don’t want children as the leaders of our country. #growup #brexit
If you are a believer in 's stupid, misguided, disastrous, shortsighted, pathetic economic or trade or foreign policy decisions, see "Brexit" Our Dumbass in Chief is still trying to isolate us and still trying to pull out of NATO
A General Election is just fantasy politics. Why would Tory MPs risk losing their jobs, perks and status. There are only two options Govt cancels Brexit ( unlikely) or Parliament votes to delay leaving EU &amp; calls second referendum.
It’s kind of inevitable….the tories have absolute fucked it, so every version of Brexit is a disaster, when the next election comes they will have presided over an historic decline for up to 10-12 years… Electorate is bound to unseat them then…..
You let her off the hook AGAIN today..you should have battered her with every question about her failure on brexit, the largest defeat ever by a sitting PM, but you didnt, no wonder she will walk the vote tonight
Oh, so only the government is allowed to change their mind? People have changed their minds and people want another referendum. You think it's democratic to ignore that, and to force a Brexit deal nobody could vote on and looks completely different than was promised, on us?
Didn't meet Grenfell survivors, Brexit, contempt of parliament, VONC (twice), so many gov resignations, lost a majority during GE2017, failed to turn up to GE2017 TV debate, tried to legally block commons vote. She's an authoritarian coward and should be called out about it.
Well said, Gerard Batten, M.E.P.
No left wing government will survive outside of the #EU. Now is the time to stay within and stop the fascists potentially taking control. We must prevent this disaster and stop #Brexit and fight from within the #EU.
Ep. 49 | Nairobi attack, MLK b-day, Theres May's Brexit, William Barr, C... via
Forex - Pound Settles after Brexit Vote Defeat The pound firmed up on Wednesday following a plunge overnight when the UK parliament overwhelmingly voted down Prime Minister Theresa May's Brexit deal, adding to uncertainties surrounding the UK’s withdrawal from the European Union.
Forget Brexit.... this is glorious
DAISYBLUEBELLE #etsy shop #ECO-Friendly bamboo TRAVEL MUG #winterlights #CANARYWHARF coffee mug use again and #daisy flower design ##birthday #coffee #Brexit #stylish #canarywharf #coffeelover #coffeegift #newhomegift
More than 7,000 feet above sea level in the #AndesMountains, #MachuPicchu #Peru is A symbol of the #IncanEmpire and built around 1450AD #UNESCO #World #HeritageSite #SevenWonders #World #PeopleChoiceVISWASAM #Brexit #10yearscallenge #WednesdayWisdom
Brexit vote: Why the landslide defeat of Theresa May's deal matters to the U.S. - CBS News London -- The overwhelming defeat of Prime Minister Theresa...
Agree. UK should have agreed what you want BEFORE triggered A50. It is gross negligence for May, Corbyn &amp; Parliament starting Brexit WITHOUT knowing what they want FFS!
Paul you are becoming the Sutton Selfie King
My heartfelt thanks to you, from a UK citizen living happily in France for years before this brexit farce started.
Popular yes. Deliverable? You’d be hard pushed to find anyone who disagrees with the sentiment but could these happen in Corbyn’s Brexit Britain?
Firstly Brexit doesn't seem front &amp; foremost to many people, their reality is one of increasing hardship that is totally Tory driven. Secondly the point of any Labour support for Brexit is to heal division by tackling *all* the other issues *and* managing Brexit very differently.
Gold supported near $1,300 ahead of important British Brexit no-confidence vote Gold is consolidating in range between $1,280 and $1,300/oz (over £1,000/oz and €1,100/oz) A break of resistance at $1,300 will likely see gold rise rapidly in all currencies #tpxgold
Not too sure she'd be your beat choice to stop Brexit
Should there be a second #Brexit referendum?
It’s not undeniable - they want the tories out and will offer the possibly of a brexit that meets the six tests to achieve that goal. How can parliament force the government to schedule time for the primary legislation a PV requires?
PMQs: Theresa May and Ken Clarke on Brexit red lines
If you are a believer in 's stupid, misguided, disastrous, shortsighted, pathetic economic or trade or foreign policy decisions, see "Brexit" Our Dumbass in Chief is still trying to isolate us and still trying to pull out of NATO
Surely physically impossible to be for the 99% and be prepared to not stand against Brexit at the same time
Just look at him &amp; his front bench! They are not able to instill ANY confidence - most people shudder thinking about them running the country.
Took a week off Twitter earlier this month. No one I spoke to mentioned Brexit, Scottish Indy or any other subject that we obssess over on here. No one really cares.
Her brexit has been rejected though....
But the EU have repeated many times that they're open to talks on a CU arrangement even if it's not conventional. Labour's brexit team have been in talks with EU leaders since the referendum.
Sometimes I think the entire Brexit thing is an elaborate set up created so that Marina Hyde can do 'her bit' that you all go crazy for.
Struggling to think of any drug at the practice that I work at that we can't get due to Brexit
The reason why he didn't get in is because anyone can vote in a general election Where's brexit was British only vote
Two female Prime Ministers, two #disasters... nuff said... both spiteful and self righteous.. #NoConfidenceMotion #Brexit
Second referendum would make a mockery of the democratic process in this country. Parliament has to agree to some form of brexit.
Mr. Mailhos' comment is perhaps the best and most succinct analysis of Brexit ever put to words:
Don’t rule out ‘both’ as an option here ..
Weirdest take on Theresa May/Brexit so far? “It’s not like she’s got a great social life” What has that got to do with anything?
He also told them Brexit was an “assault” on EU! Bodes well for what he will use his Army for-anyone who criticises or tries to break from EU will have ‘assaulted’ EU!!
“... Behold, a bell-tolling, haute remainer, yellow-vested, journalist-infested, shitbird-MP-crawling, flashmobbed performance art piece entitled: HAVE YOU THOUGHT ABOUT THEOCRACY INSTEAD?...” #Brexit rage-rant cont’d 2/3
Its hard to make a reasonable deduction at this point Vic, i'm waiting for the actions to speak so judgement from me is suspended until March 30th or if before then some act causes Brexit in full to be delayed or cancelled.....
I think 'Little Napoleon' has other things to worry about than what he thinks about any aspect of Brexit.
I’m focused on the next few hours! #Brexit
Brexit bedlam; Snap exode; Gains bancaires
The ordinary person on the street sadly has no idea about the complexities of Brexit; just full of meaningless sound bites and ad hominems, stifling intelligent discourse. This is ‘Great’ Britain today, an international joke, bereft of leadership, going to the dogs fast.
How markets reacted to Theresa May’s historic Brexit defeat – Video
Brexit has shown that the establishment right wing has floated to the top like the scum that it is..we see u..we smell u..and youve been exposed as the corrupt non democratic shysters like u all are..fascist detriment destined for the shitheap.
Current state of the UK and #Brexit seems to be similar to the bad guy on the conveyor belt in Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom:
Fair, but if (as a thought exercise, this hasn't been offered anywhere proper yet) this was the offer: -Negotiate a Brexit that can be agreed in Parliament. -Put that deal back to the people as a straight Leave on that named deal vs Remain shootout. Would you take it?
#Brexit and the current clusterf*ck that is #uspoli is an example and warning of what happens when you elect far-right-wing governments. #cdnpoli #WednesdayWisdom
George preparing for a no deal Brexit.
May’s Brexit Deal Failed. What Happens Now? #brexit
Because you just said it. That Brexit is the will of the people.
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK #TrumpRussia
If you are a believer in 's stupid, misguided, disastrous, shortsighted, pathetic economic or trade or foreign policy decisions, see "Brexit" Our Dumbass in Chief is still trying to isolate us and still trying to pull out of NATO
Theresa's plans for cross-party co-operation on Brexit were condemned after it emerged that she was not seeking to involve Jeremy Corbyn despite the historic defeat of her plan. They say he is not saying what he wants from Brexit. Well invite him then, poor Jeremy. Extraordinary.
. The choice on the ballot paper was between Leave or Remain. So can you explain how you seem to magically know exactly what form of Brexit people voted for? You don’t of course. There’s only one way to find out that answer, and that’s to hold a #PeoplesVote
Currency markets don’t like “mights”. Most likely outcome at this very moment is No Deal Brexit.
' Strong and Stable'.
Today's People Poll: Should British Prime Minister Theresa May now call another referendum on the Brexit question? #RGV
Brexit has created a 'lost generation' of public services
May's #Brexit deal has been smashed. But does Labour have a coherent strategy to replace her approach?
Latvia determined to safeguard rights of its citizens in UK in wake of Brexit vote – Xinhua | – Xinhua
Bottled it. You would have had 14 days to put forward a new Brexit leader and gain support of the HoC. The remain Tories would have had to back the new leader or let Corbyn in.
We all know that you had no intention of facing the consequences of your own (in)action...
Elevated no deal Brexit risk a threat to CEE | bne IntelliNews
The court said Parl had 2 have a vote &amp; LAW says if the deals rejected it WTO rules by allowing May/EU to keep do deals is EXACTLY the same as having a 2nd Ref &amp; is unlawful &amp; IS TOTALLY UNACCEPTABLE
Older people have more experience of life and are less likely to fall for the Liberal Fascist platitudes of the Blairites et al. That's why they are hated by the corrupt cynical #Remoaners
Seriously???!!! The United States is “hunky Dory” compared to the U.K. and their Brexit issues? It’s better to say NOTHING than to say something that isn’t true!!!!
. previewing UK-Africa trade &amp; investment relationships for 2019 naming etc Good efforts. Many opportunities in/for Africa (&amp; UK) Let's also legislate for no disruption to trade relationships around any type of Brexit
The EU has failed to deal with the main four problems. All of which are aggregating into a rise in populism across the EU. Greece, financial crisis, migration, youth unemployment and now Brexit. Reality is biting
Brilliant as usual.
Seems that JC takes Brexit about as seriously as you
Wednesday links: Brexit; the women of the new Congress; Steve King; judge orders removal of census citizenship question; why we need more immigration; West Side Story casting
And she is correct The clock is ticking to get this brexit bollocks sorted out corbyn hasn’t even got the beginnings of a workable plan and the eu is laughing it’s bollocks off at us stuttering through this mess
Steve Hilton: Original intent of Brexit - restoring freedom and sovereignty - buried by inept bureaucrats It will be sad if the land of the Magna Carta can't throw off the yoke of tyranny.
Before Brexit I spent an inordinate amont of time engaging in debate with Creationists and even flat-Earthers - the same motivations present themselves with Climate deniers and Brexiters.
If you are a believer in 's stupid, misguided, disastrous, shortsighted, pathetic economic or trade or foreign policy decisions, see "Brexit" Our Dumbass in Chief is still trying to isolate us and still trying to pull out of NATO
Realistically the vote right now would have to look like this; 1) Should we accept the deal proposed by the government? 2) If the deal is rejected by a majority, should we leave with no deal or remain? That will prove what people want with the Brexit options in front of them.
why in the fuck is Staten Island trending directly under Brexit and Sasuke what a list
I agree Mike, but keep in mind as well that many people in England are also passionate about the EU and would never support #Brexit
The EU sabotages #Brexit, then goes "since it's so hard, you should just give up." Disingenuous globalists.
Red lines Red herring The deal was rejected because it favoured the EU 27 MPS MUST STOP the ridiculous or stand down If you cannot support and deliver Brexit stand down If your a remainer and cannot cross the red line to neutrality GET OUT OF DODGE
Too much opinion and not enough fact. #Brexit
*Brexit on all news channels* Everyone: #BrexitVote #brexit #PMQs #NoConfidence
We are with you here in America. #globalresistance is necessary to protect us from our governments.
In 2016 millions of voters were conned, by means of false promises, into giving a disinformed consent to Brexit. Now Pm May says she has "to deliver on the will of the British people": the ultimate insult. She should instead let them cast a really informed vote this time
The Daily 202: From Brexit to NATO and the shutdown, Putin is winning so much he might get tired of winning.
BBC News - Brexit uncertainty hits house purchases
The European Union and U.K. could be heading for a damaging no-deal Brexit on March 29 if they fail to act.
The latest The UnionistLite Daily! Thanks to #brexit #politicslive
#WednesdayWisdom May's deal has been decisively voted down.May said before the vote there are only 2 options left, no deal or no brexit. But there are 3 options. end this #Brexit chaos &amp; let the public settle the choices with a #PeoplesVote
Annnd wasn’t this Cameron’s plan in the first place to hold the ref? I read somewhere that he said Brexit was a good opportunity to flush out the crap.
DAISYBLUEBELLE #etsy shop #ECO-Friendly bamboo TRAVEL MUG #CANARYWHARF coffee mug use again and againbutterfly or flower design #winterlights #coffee #Brexit #stylish #canarywharf #coffeelover #coffeegift #newhomegift
What’s your proposal for Brexit?
Question: for the return leg of the champions league, will still be in the #EuropeanUnion? #Brexit
In today’s news on “look Ma, I haven’t learned anything”...
- We need a second referendum and it needs to be a compulsory vote for anyone who has the right. #brexit #EuropeanUnion #EU #Tories #Labour
You vile woman. You sit there demanding respect whilst laughing at anyone who disagrees with u. U demand explain his plan &amp; at the same time never answer a direct situation. U are ignorant &amp; self serving LISTEN FFS #Commons #VoteOfNoConfidence #Brexit
Historian: Queen Should Suspend Parliament to Stop Remain MPs from Blocking Brexit
Boris Johnson is currently the most searched for MP in our #BrexitVote tool, closely followed by Jacob Rees-Mogg and Amber Rudd. Search your constituency to see how your MP voted and keep an eye out for our updated #ConfidenceVote version later tonight
Please work on it and clarify ASAP. Brits who wish to stay in Belgian would love clarity on how we stand!
Acid house against #Brexit. I like it!
Many of our #Politicians are undermining #Brexit in collusion with the #EU. SPOT THE COINCIDENCES? : 1. The EU always ask for another ref 2. UK policians steering us to a 2ndRef aka #PeoplesVote
Interesting! The Brexit issue is not limited to UK, only! It could take the world backward as far as WWI-WWII and re-consider all post-war Treaties as a domino effect. True that is concerned but all nations should .
please retweet
Cameron says he regrets ‘difficulties and problems’ caused by losing Brexit referendum
Uhhh... Brexit?
Brexit in 1 photo
As a former journalist (many of those years at the BBC) I want to say thanks for this thread. It's spot on and very important to highlight. The BBC is constantly under fire from tin-foil hatters over Brexit and politics in general - doing things like this doesn't help the cause.
Unfortunately elitist MPs who want to sabotage Brexit are part of the problem. We need politicians with integrity who can respect the referendum instead we are stuck with this dysfunctional rabble.
IMO Brexit and Trump are shot and chaser , both the result of an attempt by Russia to weaken our economies, alliances and influence. That said seeing the UK struggle with Brexit has been shocking , as I always thought people wouldn’t fall for this kind of information warfare.
We need PR voting so the Right-Wing can split from the Tories and stop holding the UK hostage. #PeoplesVote #Brexit #GeneralElection
proof that 17.4 million were right to want to leave. WE WILL NOT BE DICTATED TO BY THESE THIEVES NOR BY A BUNCH OF REMAINER MPS TRYING TO SCREW US OVER. Your party’s existence depends on us leaving remember that mrs May
I'm across the pond following all this and trying to make sense of it. If public opinion has changed on Brexit, then why not hold a second referendum? What is making Brexit such a point of no return? I'm so confused. Help?
#theresamay #brexit Credit: Daniel Johnston
Andy Serkis responds to Brexit deal vote result with new Theresa May-Gollum musical mashup I really SHOULDNT laugh
I agree and I think parliament will stop brexit when no deal can be reached
By remaining and not implementing brexit democracy dies, and all democracies prosoper more than none democracies, so in effect you will make the country poorer by remaining at this point, no NHS, more austerity, more starving. Own your mess if we remain.
Weaker Inflation Joins Brexit Fog as Cause for BOE Rate Caution INVESTINGcom
For Britain’s sake, Theresa May, just go | Joseph Harker
If you are a believer in 's stupid, misguided, disastrous, shortsighted, pathetic economic or trade or foreign policy decisions, see "Brexit" Our Dumbass in Chief is still trying to isolate us and still trying to pull out of NATO
Where are we going?
Yes he’s tied up in my cellar, every time I hear or read the word brexit, I slap him with a shitty stick!!
The one Brexit plan that can pass is a soft Norway style Brexit ... would get maj in house and country but tear Tories apart and that’s why it will not happen
Hello, I'm a t shirt designer. you need design. just order place.. my link..
This #NoConfidence is about so much more than Brexit.
Varadkar rejects claims of being secretive over Brexit - ITV #News via #business
#WTOBrexit is the real #Brexit we voted for
Barnier now says that if May compromises EVEN MORE, she might get a different deal (which could pass in the HoC). In other words, a super-soft Brexit which keeps us fully under Brussels' thumb. Trouble is, May would sign up to it. Then tell us it's what Leave voters wanted.
Yes it is. Also, since trump and brexit I couldn't care less what other people's opinions are
Geoffrey Cox's Brexit speech becomes the most glorious meme #POLITICSLIVE #pmqs #lbc #fbpe #libdems #conservatives #labour #plaidcymru #snp #ukip #abtv #waton #stupidbrexiteers #itvnews #bbcnews #c4news #5news #skynews #bbcparliament #BrexitVote #Brexit
'Dodgey Save'
Leo Varadkar accused of not telling public the truth over no-deal Brexit
I just asked her if she could save the country from Brexit and her response was "hmmm... I'm not sure" Much like the government, then.
#Brexit = All Brits are under a huge fan=the EU membership,blowing vertically up. #Brexteers produces nonsense which like smelling fecal matter floats over due to the generated pressure. #Brexit will be turning off the fan, so everything will fall,all Brits will be dirty&amp;smelly.
And what the hell is making her squirm going to achieve when we have problems that are just as important as brexit, and to many of us, more important. Imagine telling someone who has been robbed that it is bizarre to talk about policing. Prick your bubble and see the real world
The problem is that everyone - even the arch-Brexiteers - disagree on what the result should be and certainly no one voted for a No Deal Brexit. Put 'No Deal' versus 'Remain' to a popular vote and let's see where that gets us!
British PM: If we fail to deliver Brexit, public confidence will be at 'all time low'
Powerful work that makes us seen: scarred, vulnerable and an afterthought in this sickening #Brexit strut. We live in hope #thenorthisnext - on so many vital issues – but the North and our Borderlands are always dead last.
Macron: Referendum 'manipulated' by fake news, 'everybody' scared of No Deal
Shane Ross really is our Chris Grayling. The blithe confidence to speak his mind even – if not especially – when he doesn’t know what he’s talking about.
I’ve kept fairly quite about #Brexit, but I think I’m definitely in the camp of another vote now we can see what the deal is and it’s not just some guesses painted onto the side of a big bus.
Out of school Children play with puzzle game at ChiLd cafe.. #lyarigirlscafe #DawnNews #Pakistan #Brexit #aradopakistan #AajNews #tdhgermany
We must certainly address the many problems in this country, most of which have nothing to do with the EU &amp; everything to do with national (Tory) policy. But first we must stop digging a bigger hole. #Brexit is as toxic as it is unworkable. The sooner we ditch it the better. 7/
“It isn’t up to me to lecture”.... here is what you must do to appease my tyrannical EU superstate
The Daily 202: From Brexit to NATO and the shutdown, Putin is winning so much he might get tired of winning
i’m doing a news report and i’m salty about brexit and also about the government shutdown in america ugh
“The wisdom of crowds”, #Brexit
Word.
Stable...horse...bolted-shows PM&amp; gov=out of touch, self-serving or both;demonstrating 2day that best interests UKarent their priority or they’d have suspended a50, ruled out no deal today; pm must resign now
And so the softening up process has started, article 50 ‘may be extended, this could lead to a ‘soft Brexit’ there ‘may be a 2nd referendum’ Brexit ‘May not happen’ and so on. We voted to leave, Parliament seems determined not to implement the mandate of 17.4m, Leave the EU #WTO
And clearly the Leave vote was won on a commitment to stay in the single market, by Dan Hannan and others, including Farage. So why is this Brexit not being delivered?
Could a no deal Brexit trigger a global recession or depression? What will it mean for not just Great Britain or EU but for everyone else?
Wholeheartedly agree with your statement.
BBC News - 'Take no-deal Brexit off table', urge NI businesses
So the “bloody difficult woman” is not really reaching out across parliament, as she said she would?
It was a United Kingdom vote. Brexit does not breech GFA. Leo has been scaremongering peace, planes &amp; electricity. These are all facts. #BREXIT
So you prefer a no deal brexit. None of the "deals" are viable, so you need to face up to the choice you are making.
I'd fucking kill for someone like to be in charge of The UK right now. And yes I know there yellow vests are claiming he's the reason they're acting out, but that's very clearly bullshit.
Business can handle it, but business is not everything. Brexit without a deal strikes the foundation of what gave 75 years of peace in western Europe. This is my fear. Making a deal was the most important task for May, Tusk and Juncker. And they failed.
Gov shutdown. Brexit. I’m a historian so I understand that we get eruptions like this every 80-100 years when the victims of the last mess aren’t around to remind &amp; protest. But it is not helping me cope. It’s more like ‘hey we are sinking and on fire but so was the titanic!’
Agree don't need an election now. More pertinent issues. BUT we need change and quick.. Brexit has covered up. Homelessness Food banks NHS funding Social service issues And Universal credit May out I'm prepared to wait for it..
I mean, I know he has his own troubles, but is there a UK politician that can sum up Brexit so astutely? So honestly? And at least he's talking to the people about what the underlying disquiet is about: our politicians are stuck behind outmoded party policies &amp; self-interest.
How any one of working class upbringing from Barnsley (or anywhere else) can support Rees Moggs views is beyond me!
Sadly, Brexit won't solve that. Israel, Turkey, Norway, Switzerland and even, bizarrely, Australia participate, though I believe Aussies contested it only the once
May rejects Corbyn's calls to resign
All voting for Theresa May in the no confidence vote tonight. Internal Tory democracy: Theresa May - VOTE FOR ME OR HAVE THE WHIP REMOVED + NO RESELECTION COME THE NEXT ELECTION when vote of no confidence happens after Brexit vote. GRAVYTRAIN overrides all. Debate is a farce
, Executive Director of Christians in Politics, will attempt to 'Bridge the Brexit Divide?' at CRE 13th March Manchester. Come along and hear Andy and other guests help us as the church unpack this Book you event tickets now
Brexit vote: European 'surprise' at scale of defeat -
The earlier #CitizensAssembly was a small, useful pilot. The options facing the country have changed, and the methodology can be used again with a representative sample from across the UK to deliberate the options &amp; recommend a way to break the #Brexitdeadlock
#IP Lawyers express concern after UK rejects #Brexit deal
nodeal
Stop Brexit ‘fantasies’ and back People’s Vote, bosses urge
Petition: Brexit re article 50 it must not be suspended/stopped under any circumstances
Never agree with Brexit. EU has been working very well since over decades. There is no reason to withdraw and ruin efficient system.
classic song about and #Brexit. #NoDealBrexit.
British PM Faces Confidence Vote After Brexit Humiliation
I was asking not making up. Sorry it appeared otherwise. Which brexit do you think implementing will solve the deadlock?
A humiliating Brexit defeat, but May will likely stagger on
Catch me on around 10:30 am ET. Topic may be how Brexit impacts US?
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
The polls show that the country is still pretty much evenly-split. So, what will a 2nd referendum achieve? A marginal win for Brexit? A marginal win for Remain? How on Earth can that help? How is it justified? Calls for a 2nd referendum only come from Remainers.
Like EU nationals who have made their life in the UK, UK nationals who have made their life in the EU and 16 - 17 year olds, turkeys don't get to vote in EU Referendums. If they had the result in 2016 might have been different. #PeoplesVote
Britain reputation are damaged Brexit or no Brexit! Sadly none of them realize that at Parliament...
Obvious, the establishment, lords, civil servants, many politicians, bankers, business and commerce and sections broadcasting and media spent some time discussing, briefing, writing pro-EU/anti-Brexit for last 2.5 years
#PMQs #NoConfidence Border poll should be offered to Ireland &amp; #IndyRef2 to Scotland....Westminster isn't acting in the best interest of either! #Brexit
Theresa May Faces No-Confidence Vote After Brexit Deal Goes Down In Flames
put this on bbc
Keep the EU!!!!
We need to be careful as May ruled out both GE &amp; SR. Not budging on her red lines. She's pushing for a no deal hard Brexit. Their plan all along #brexitvote #BrexitShambles #TheresaMayResign #GeneralElectionNow #Toriesout
Assumption that those that create political compass are the final say on it’s interpretation. Therefore, closest to you on chart are Liberal Democrats. They are Remain, yet you are No Deal Brexit without parliamentary sovereignty? If so, something is incorrect.
Theresa May is a hopeless prime minister with the fortune of having Jeremy Corbyn as her mortal political opponent. The Wily E. Coyote of British politics. Although Mr Coyote is a more memorable orator. #Brexit
British PM Faces Confidence Vote After Brexit Humiliation
Live footage of in The House of Commons today. #voteofnoconfidence #BrexitVote #NoConfidence #Brexit #PeoplesVote #GTTO #MayOutNow #MayMustGo
In simple terms, brexit is the inpossible, promised by the immoral to the ill-informed.
Brexit: Corbyn calls for election as he seeks to oust Theresa May – live vía
#important #news #international After Defeat on #Brexit Plan, Theresa #May Faces No-Confidence Vote #britain
British PM Faces Confidence Vote After Brexit Humiliation
PMQs: Theresa May and Ken Clarke on Brexit red lines #IHeartPolitics
Low carbon PV powered you mean
I always compared the Brexit developments with the Reformation in England.
Phillip Schofield in shock as woman stockpiles months of food in fear of #Brexit #ThisMorning
The EU media view on the mess that is Brexit? 'Complete and utter chaos' (Netherlands). 'A dead end' (Greece). An act of 'serious self-harm' by a 'proud, once-great power' (Sweden), 'fed by uncertainty, bitterness and rancour' (Spain). And more. Much more.
We have just been told what fools we were to vote for him last time on the ticket of pro EU because he used that surge in support as his token to give an extra mandate to give the PM to continue doing her brexit.
#Conservatives David Cameron said he 'doesn't regret' calling the EU referendum and people are furious. Tory #BrexitChaos
You may not comment.. #Brexit you piece of crap ultraleft company.. booty licker's. You will not be allow to speak. #Brexit is inevitable.. People say OUT.. Out of freeky EU with nigger's and society like you. God Bless Qeen of England! And Theresa May!
It’s called incompetence. I hope America never again elects someone so clearly unfit/inexperienced to do the job. Brexit might be crazy &amp; stupid but trump is way out on his own level!
You can checkout any time but you can never leave #Brexit
I am rapidly coming to the conclusion that #Brexit is too big &amp; too complex to be left to imbeciles like &amp; &amp; the rest of the idiots in parliament: we need to take control by citizens' jury or similar &amp; have a #Brexit by &amp; for the people
Gentle-jogging away from your mess like... #brexit #davidcameron
it's a clusterfuck for sure. We just want a chance to negotiate and to implement our labour policies because brexit is only one of the ways the tories are failing this country.
Haha good point see to be fair though I actually called trump winning and Brexit to my family but none believed me , still think I’m right about tonight though , but we will see bro!
Or, if MPs see that putting the interest of the UK before their own careers or even constituents' votes in 2016 is the nobler course, then revoke Article 50 to cancel Brexit. Brexit's not the issue, it's the catalyst that's shown the real problems, hatreds, anger and helplessness
BBC trolling its own journalists on their coverage of Brexit smdh
Good Man! Brexit; a simple matter of negotiating a transition period until we finalise our ongoing relationship. As a net customer &amp; v large contributor, we're in a strong position to agree something reasonable. Issue is both negotiating parties want the same thing-No Brexit
I am dumbfounded by how most British MPs still don't seem to have understood this simple truth: they can adopt 100 motions against a no-deal #Brexit, unless they vote FOR an alternative scenario it will still happen.
Our view: Brexit will be delayed and a 2nd referendum is now most likely scenario. No deal is highly unlikely (5% probability) via and Read our latest free piece on Brexit
I don’t know if she is a xenophobe or not - I think it may all just be about the politics for her (which is in some ways even worse) but curtailing FOM is the only aspect of the Brexit promises that was possible to deliver, hence the focus. Shame it’s such a grubby one.
"The Brexit Saga Is Far From Over – Here’s What Analysts Are Expecting Now" #news #feedly
Bring up the subject of #brexit in a non #brexit thread #ThingsThatAreBadForYourHealth
A successful #voteofnoconfidence doesn't necessarily lead to a #GeneralElection. 14 days for #Parliament - that we elected in 2017 - as a whole to form majority govt. Party lines are useless. GE solves nothing. A cross-party govt is the only way out of this mess. Then GE. #Brexit
General election pointless if won't stand on a #PeoplesVote or #Remain platform. Nearly impossible to envisage him getting better deal than current government, in which case an election would be a colossal waste of precious time. #Brexit #NoConfidenceMotion
As Germany and England come apart, so will the EU #Brexit #QAnon #WWG1WGA #GreatAwakening
Where's Wally? #Brexit #StandUp4Brexit #LeaveMeansLeave #NoDealNoProblem #PMQs
As a pro EU/FoM moderate Labour supporter, shocked by both the state of May+Corbyn (he is inept more interested in socialism than Brexit, failing the many, he must go.) If not remain a People Vote but campaigns based on facts not scary immigration tales
I heard Dom Raab speak in London on Monday and Tuesday this week - it's so refreshing to see someone describe a really positive vision of Conservatism, especially with all the Brexit chaos. My favourite phrase from his speech on Monday was "Capitalism for the many, not the few".
Great philosophy for life - in which Brexit is but a small, sad, transient event.
Of course not, on the 20th June 2016 the EU approved the new tax avoidance laws that made him a believer of Brexit, specially because of all the tax dodging moves his dad did
*I am being an offensive bastard to you and everyone like you. However, because I have a pretty set of nails and I'm smiling like every offensive middle class bastard taught me, it is important for you not to be offended by my offensive views. Or you'll be on t he naughty step"
Oops.!
I agree and won’t Brexit also free up Britain to trade freely with Australia and New Zealand again?
The biggest stumbling block to any Brexit deal is that Brussels know that, if the UK gets out on favourable terms, they’ll have a stampede on their hands and half the European economies will probably collapse off the back of it...
It’s exactly what we voted for ? Until you and your remain buddies highjacked brexit. If everything remainers wanted stipulating , was on the ballot paper , it’d stretch from lands end to John O’groats ..
JUST EXIT w/ no deal...get some courage... American Patriots are with you...MAGA
COST and CONTROL #Brexit
How far we've come: Members of the public advocating for no-deal Brexit by favorably comparing it to the destruction wrought by World War Two. "We rose from the ashes"
Dublin warns medicine supply threatened by no-deal Brexit – The Guardian
#DavidCameron #Brexit Dear David Cameron kindly F**K off The man is a maggot a slime a stain on Britain #GeneralElection #VoteLabour #JC4PM
But you asked for evidence of removed rights. I have provided these two examples. If you think the Tory MPs that support #Brexit have protecting workers’ or personal rights as a priority, you should take a look at their collective voting records. It will change your mind. &lt;ends&gt;
Why in the name of God are they asking this idiot? He only turned up for 4 hours, had no notes and left the negotiating to others. Elsewhere in Parliament - MPs question former Brexit secretary via
Hopefully she's being hom schooled. That way she won't be brainwashed by leftist teachers #Brexit
If you’re a Professional Journalist or MP and can’t pronounce ‘BREXIT’ should you even be allowed in this country? ‘BREGGSIT’ arseholes, go home!!! #brexit
What the front pages say: May's Brexit deal 'dead as a dodo'
Can we move beyond our #brexit spasm now? Agree to put the fantasies to one side and start dealing with the realities that affect people in this country?
#AmDram cast of #HarryPotter interviewed on #SkyNews to discuss #Brexit this morning. #shitendio
The Maybot only has one program
BREAKING #brexit
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
Where is the petition i MUST SIGN
What a prick cowardly Cameron is .
The only option to deal with the ignorance/arrogance in the #EU is to give them HARD BREXIT on WTO terms.
My latest piece...'Even though the Conservatives might not actively pursue a general election, they could find themselves facing one if enough backbenchers feel they are left with little alternative' – 's Matt Bevington blogs
We were fucked after the second world war and had barely recovered by the 70s when we were so poor we begged to join the EEC. But yeah, we fought a war.
Time Corbyn took himself in hand, he looks more like an old vagrant than a potential PM.
The talks will focus on the issues of securing a final say on the Brexit deal, with pro-EU speakers explaining why remaining inside the EU is the best deal for Britain:
The talks will focus on the issues of securing a final say on the Brexit deal, with pro-EU speakers explaining why remaining inside the EU is the best deal for Britain:
Opinion: Steve Hilton: Original intent of Brexit - restoring freedom and sovereignty - buried by inept bureaucrats - Fox News
All is going to Putin's plan.
Now where's that Irish grandmother...? We are all turning Irish in the age of Brexit. |
#Europe assesses impact of #Brexit on medical drug supplies. With close to 70% of medicines on the Irish market coming from or transit through the #UK, #Ireland appears vulnerable.
What I find notable is the millennials/20-somethings who rant about older people causing #Brexit yet from my experience their eyes glaze over when I say I've been a #ThePapers #PressPreview reviewer, &amp; they confess they've never watched #DatelineLondon / / #ThisWeek
has accused of being "in denial" about the heavy Commons defeat inflicted by MPs on her Brexit deal.
Cumbria Chamber urges businesses to prepare for ‘no-deal’ Brexit
still watching the Brexit debate. I had friends from high school, white friends mainly, who said they were going to vote leave even though they thought they would get poorer.
That's enough now Britain,you tried storming out of the party,went upstairs, downed a bottle of sambucca,threw up,then fell down the stairs.Everyone knows you're a capricious moron,it's time to admit you want to go back into the nice EU party now,you've made your point.#Brexit
It's cold out. I think my brain has frozen so no #WednesdayWisdom here. In other news... -- choppy trade in grains -- Brexit in jeopardy -- Jan 30/31 trade talks looming -- weather impact on cattle performance
Impressive record of negative implications &amp; heart destroying impacts on lives of British People. Our Deluded Prime Minister can not see what she has done wrong, TM has Done Wrong to every person who is a British Citizen, Here &amp; Aboard! #MayMustGo #MayOutNow #voteofnoconfidence
I know he’s a weird dude but he’s pretty smart
because if they affect you then being hungry is IMPORTANT
If you want someone to build a coalition, #TheresaMay is not your woman #Brexit
Open your ears! People have already voted #Bloodhounds
"UK Parliament Rejects Theresa May’s No-Brexit/Brexit Deal" #noagenda #feedly
We don’t want a renegotiation. Bye !
#ToryMenace BBC News - Brexit and no-confidence vote: Corbyn targets 'zombie government' Time for change Time for
European officials are already talking about extending the negotiation deadline if Prime Minister Theresa May asks for that.
If they all want to sort this out, why not talk about what’s stopping a deal for Brexit then talking about politics about homelessness, companies, food shortages etc. The public voted so if you want what’s best talk about that.
And what a moment to have such incompetence on display!
If anyone thinks that brexit or remain matters more than getting a Labour gvt elexted are traitors.
as i know how bad my bipolar would get without meds and i don't want to deal with that or have Bella have to deal with that all because of brexit
Cameron is to be congratulated This is a debate that has been a long time coming The pitty is he didn't have the balls to stick around and see it through He did the honourable thing in resigning after failing to wn the Brexit referendum but should have remained to see it through
Brexit #9: Either Parliament shoulders the responsibility and re-learns the arts of government or it gives up and revokes Article 50. Those are the only two choices and the sooner Parliament makes its mind up the better.
What a fantastic politician, that
POLICE AND ANTISLAVERY CHIEFS SAY BREXIT WILL OPEN THE FLOODGATES AND IS A GIFT FOR TRAFFICKERS.
The most prominent of the protesters who have harassed MPs and journalists outside the Houses of Parliament in recent weeks argued last year that all Muslims should be removed from the UK, saying he wanted to “ban Islam from the west”, it has emerged.
The latest Bersani Daily Express! Thanks to #topnews #brexit
Right folks I'm off down the shops to stock up for the coming apocalypse. Does anyone one want me to get them owt? #brexit #fraybentos
'A complete humiliation', Brextinction and shock: Global media react to Brexit vote
They care so little for appearances now that they openly talk about the real reason for 'red lines' and Art. 50 intransigence. Party before country every time.
What last night's historic #Brexit defeat means for #HR
REVOKE ARTICLE 50 JESUS CHRIST
you both need to work together. Brexit is more that just Labour or conservative. Is all of us. everyone. You both need to sit down in private and talk. #brexit #TogetherStronger
How did we get from ‘Opportunities’ and ‘sunlit uplands’ to ‘The world will not end’? Jacob R-M is clearly lacking in ambition. He’s also rich enough and crafty enough to make money out of Brexit and he’ll get it from us ordinary people.
Well worth understanding the current state of the #WTO and its possible/likely demise as you listen to the proposals coming from Rees-Mogg, Johnson and the ERG
Opinion | Hold a Second Brexit Referendum
I don’t want to make this into a competition, but we have a govt that is also corrupt. We have the highest levels of poverty, homelessness is at record levels, the list goes on. The PM’s husband is a now rich arms dealer, and she is trying to force through Brexit. That’s fucked.
Watch in full: Raw Politics on the fate of Theresa May's Brexit deal
'Mutually exclusive' is a strong term. I don't think Brexit breaches the GFA. It does impact on parts of the GFA.
Just commented on : Poll: Should the UK hold a second Brexit referendum? -
Theresa May faces no-confidence vote after Brexit plan defeat -- live
Ireland cannot shift on hard border after Brexit - Varadkar via
Oh but Black Privelege dies 3xist! Look no further than Obongo! HahaHaHA!! MAGA! BREXIT-FREXIT BAN-!&amp;£AM! BAN-!££€GA£A£!€N$ ^..^~~
We are in remarkable times constitutionally Alternative ways to break Brexit deadlock - BBC News
Britain should just pretend Brexit never happened and get on with it.
it's the heart and soul of Brexit, kids: the desire to purge the land of people jabbering in strange languages in the doctor's waiting room and schools of children with consonant laden surnames. With a side order of showing the Irish what's what.
Great to have back! The ONLY way forward is to put the deal to the people in a #PeoplesVote.
The only antidote to Brexit. #WBA #WorldBollardAssociation
With the British Parliament’s lopsided rejection of Theresa May’s Brexit plan and the U.S. government shutdown in its 26th day, the two oldest and most important Western democracies are simultaneously mired in utter political chaos with no obvious way out.
Time to face facts.
BREXIT AND ZENO'S FREE WILL "Zeno, a Greek philosopher who lived in Cyprus around 300BC, liked to explain his concept of free will by comparing it to a puppy tied to the back of a cart. The puppy was the individual, the cart the wider forces which shape…
The only thing about this situation that makes me relax is that many of the academic commentators think they'll eventually sort it all out. Hope they're right. #Brexit
Brexit threatens UK’s growing car industry
Businesses warn against no-deal Brexit
How brilliant of him. Losing the vote will prove a master stroke in implementing his strategy of becoming PM and renegotiating a Brexit deal. Outstanding!!
brexit @ Happy Paws
Listening to Ian Blackford speak I just keep thinking about... #snp #Brexit #BrexitVote
The mistake wasn’t calling the referendum but resigning and not being there to implement the result.
DAISYBLUEBELLE #etsy shop #ECO-Friendly bamboo TRAVEL MUG #CANARYWHARF #coffee mug use again and againbutterfly or flower design ##birthday #coffee #Brexit #stylish #canarywharf #coffeelover #coffeegift #newhomegift
So instead of Brexit it's Brit-In?
Brexit got you down? Don't worry our shows are on the Amazon Prime UK store and they're free for subscribers. So chill out, at least you have great TV.
Wait... Parliament voted/approved to have the referendum???
+++ EU leaders react to UK's Brexit vote - live updates +++
It seems that T May lied and lied again yesterday when she told us she would “reach out” to get a solution. She apparently isn’t reaching out to anyone who disagrees with her. She is wasting valuable time as the country sinks
#important #news #international After Defeat on #Brexit Plan, Theresa #May Faces No-Confidence Vote #britain
UK should have agreed what it wants BEFORE triggering A50. It is gross negligence for May, Corbyn &amp; Parliament starting Brexit WITHOUT knowing what they want FFS!
Nope... #SovereignWTOBrexit is the only way to deliver Brexit, democracy and a future for Great Britain and is exactly what we voted for... No renegotiation, just leave and they will come running...
No-deal #Brexit looks more likely than ever. Leaving the #EU without a deal would be disastrous for our #environment. Join me and sign petition urging party leaders to rule out a dirty no-deal Brexit.
German carmakers warn hard Brexit would be 'fatal'
It is difficult to fathom whether the unprecedented defeat in the Commons is part of a Machiavellian two-part plan or an unseemly ‘scuttling of the good ship Brexit’. Read my latest blog post via : #Brexit #PropertyMarket
#Brexit #BinanceJersey I have a question for you since yesterday was a vote for brexit and today you announce a platform based in UK where you can trade crypto on EUR and GBP. How #brexit would influence crypto if it happens ?
#Brexit according to #Mauritius press
Oh do fuck off. I’m busy trying to save my aerospace job after you brexit racists fucked the country up
Why is he demanding she resigns? Surely the best thing for him is to have an election against her, rather than someone who might have a clue? #brexit has shown how bad &amp; useless our politicians are. If they get their way and we stay in the EU, nothing is going to change.
BREXIT is the wrong word and means different things. Problem is, its a made up word to encourage people to forget we voted to LEAVE the European Union. Brexit was not on the Ballot paper. There are many words which means leave but brexit is not one of them, we should say LEAVE
Brexit uncertainty hits house purchases
For 12 hours a month!!!! FFS!!
I liked a video Fact, Fiction and Brexit
New post (Pound US dollar exchange rate: GBP remains buoyed after Brexit defeat for Theresa May) has been published on Right Now News -
Are you still trying to sell that porkie, #GerryCarroll about you not promoting &amp; voting for #Brexit Tell us the one about you being an #IrishRepublican too ???
I don’t live in Thurrock but I do live in one of the highest Brexit voting parts of England and I will happily say you are very welcome here by me and my family. I only wish more of my neighbours felt the same way and weren’t poisoned by the Daily Mail.
Can you get ANYTHING right?
Sitting around talking about Brexit while his own country literally burns outside of those walls. Fuck off Macron.
As #Brexit madness unfolds, this week's #openaccess article by looks at European identity of higher educated Polish youth #ethnicity #nationalism
Andrew Grice wrote this morning about the struggle between 2nd ref and "Norway" now that PM's deal is "sunk"
When will this douche bag fuck off?!
Irish companies told to ramp up contingency plans after UK Brexit vote
Ha. I just won an overwhelming majority. Well, okay, no one else has voted yet...
Wrong. The WTO describes the EU as a customs union. Staying in the customs union is not Brexit.
Macron is spot on here. Although he misses out option 4. A #PeoplesVote
A complete political schister...
Haha UK isn't high on the priority list anymore... But Brexit + this gov shutdown aren't helping matters
All this #brexit malarkey...if the main worry is business confidence floundering in a no deal then why don't we use some of the money we give to eu to support business in this country during transition period. ....simple
Then Revoke article 50 an option
Point being that no one stands to be killed by Brexit and the country won’t fall of the edge of the flat Earth. Even the most apocalyptic predictions aren’t based on us actually declining as a nation, but merely not growing as much as we might otherwise have done.
Brexit and beyond: 3 key employment issues that could impact your business in 2019 #business #Employment #employmentlaw #hr
Very interesting #BrexitCon
The crux of it! Shit stirring on the fence, and still NO PLAN or constructive alternatives offered! This is not what the people want! Corbyn has not revealed Brexit plans, says PM via
All voting for Theresa May in the no confidence vote tonight. Internal Tory democracy: Theresa May - VOTE FOR ME OR HAVE THE WHIP REMOVED + NO RESELECTION COME THE NEXT ELECTION when vote of no confidence happens after Brexit vote. GRAVYTRAIN overrides all.
Freedom of movement isn't contentious only in Britain. Our researcher Ines Wagner writes about #brexit and findings from her new book in .
BBC News - Brexit vote: Donald Tusk hints UK should stay in EU
uepo_de Brexit: With less than 80 days until Britain’s expected departure from the European Union, Global Language Services provider thebigword has been putting in place plans for all eventualities.
Brexit needs to happen.
On Scottish Indendance and Corbyn on Brexit
EU deny concessions are in the works...
Will she? #Brexit
Macron predicting what Britain will do next after last night's record-breaking defeat of the prime minister's Brexit deal: "I think that's what they'll do, I know them a bit."
East London MPs have had their say on all this Brexit business
Brexit vote: Why the landslide defeat of Theresa May's deal matters to the U.S. - CBS News via It makes democracy in the US look good. We voted for Trump and we got Trump. Britons voted 51.9% for Brexit in 2016. Parliament just defied them.
NEWS: #Portsmouth shoppers share their thoughts on #Brexit ahead of the vote of no confidence in the Government this evening.
brexit
After watching the ongoing UK Brexit shambles for the past couple of yrs, it's pretty pathetic to realize that Teresa May may be every bit as bad a politician as America's Golden Turkey and his ongoing border-wall bollocks. In this case, misery definitely does not love company...
Theresa May's #BrexitDeal Is Defeated by Record Majority
Perfection.
Such hypocrisy from and the - they've literally made me vomit...
Brexit and the election of Trump as president were heavily influenced-if not fully orchestrated- by Russia. That is how history will one day record this time. Our benevolent Russian overlords will all be thrilled as the Russian flag flies over the White House.
no. just those of us who can afford to leave. the rest of us will stay and burn.
Any way one looks at the #issue: "to #Brexit or to not to Brexit" is not [really] even a #question. The only option May (and the conservatives) is aiming for, is for Britain to leave the EU. And since no realistic deal can be tabled, what alternative is left, but #HardBrexit ?
Via : Live updates: British MPs prepare for no-confidence vote after May’s Brexit defeat
Wholeheartedly agree.....
May's govt faces no-confidence vote after huge Brexit defeat (from )
No term time for PM in UK,example 4 or 5 year? Pro Brexit voters won but MPS don't respect that,so why referendum.If general election held,the winner could mean nothing because the same like refrendum not respected
Nicola Sturgeon says Theresa May is out of ideas on Brexit and demands extension Article 50
PM Theresa May will face a no-confidence vote in parliament after lawmakers voted to reject her Brexit deal with little over two months to go before Britain reaches its deadline to leave the E.U. Read more in the Daily Brief: (Photo: Reuters TV)
Bye Bye Brexit - we'll never leave the EU now
She is fraudulent and treacherous!
I didn't bring the kingdoms of Dalriada and Albanach together to be dictated to by JRM and his ERG! #Brexit
More Brexit smarts from
If only Brexit were as simple as beer. 4 ingredients and a sound deal
Petition: Walk away now! We voted for a No Deal Brexit
Brexit: not just a political shambles, but a disaster for all public policy | Richard Vize
No-deal #Brexit looks more likely than ever. Leaving the #EU without a deal would be disastrous for our #environment. Join me and sign petition urging party leaders to rule out a dirty no-deal Brexit.
Brexit vote: European 'surprise' at scale of defeat #Brexit #UK #EU #Scotland #NI #Wales #England #Ireland #voters #politics #elections #economy #trade #finance #markets #investors
Difficult to have a ULP when the leader appears to support Brexit. The centrists believe things will be far worse for the people outside the EU. If JC backed Remain properly ye might be united on that.
Agreed. Brexit + Trump = 27 pounds of preserved cheesy macaroni now seems like a reasonable precaution. I hope we can all claw our way out of this mess before the apocalypse!
ECB officials warn of Brexit costs for slowing euro-area economy
It’s not Brexit! Only Remain voters back it.
Your selfishness enables you to perpetuate the lie that you're delivering brexit. Yours is thin gruel brexit, not the feast ( which we realised might have one or two courses not to our liking) that we voted for.
I said it before - in every democracy, we give people the opportunity to change their minds on political support every four years or so in the face of new evidence. And this choice is rather more important.
Points West every day. “Here’s what the toothless locals of Gloucester think about Brexit developments today”.
I'm with Oliver Cromwell
2020's gonna be weird after trump is kicked out and brexit is canceled. We're all just going to be sitting around, staring at each other for a while. Then we're all gonna have to go back to our regular lives like nothing weird happened.
Italian armys get no concerts and run episodes where they cutely butcher Italian food.
BBC News - Brexit and no-confidence vote: Corbyn targets 'zombie government'
Companies cry out for Brexit clarity, warn on no-deal Furious companies facing weeks more uncertainty over an ever closer Brexit lashed out at politicians on Wednesday, and warned of chaos at ports and catastrophic job losses if Britain failed to secure a withdrawal deal wit…
Certainly, endgame UK.
Still awaiting the long-promised consultation on Shared Prosperity Fund. Will be interested to see the Government definition of 'shortly' for when it's to be released...
I think you are wrong. Theresa May quits, no general election, Tories elect Jacob Reece Mogg or Boris and we get a no deal Brexit forced on us all.
The snap election did what you don't like happens now. Looking for a better result what failed. You're afraid to lose out now because of the young-ones that not vote before and the better knowledge people has now over Brexit.
Bloody hell ! Has it really come to a situation where a PM can wreck the economy , wreck the NHS and fuck up Brexit and supposedly intelligent people have continued confidence in them. The vote of confidence will go down because of our money being paid to a minority party.
Just stop brexit Julia you will feel better.
More Labour MPs join campaign to force Corbyn to back new Brexit referendum Let the people decide and get on with it. Enough is enough.
Come on JC, we need a People's Vote and to stop Brexit. This is more important than your power grab.
Our cousins know us, and want whats best for the UK.
Brexit A Bust – And A Blow To UK’s FinTech Role? -
UK is really messed up
Corbyn who bleats in about respecting the democratically agreed decision to support a second referendum now wishes to ignore that for his own Brexit plan - what plan?
I've read 50 bajillion Brexit explainers and they never say cui Bono from this mess. Cameron made a miscalculation, Boris wants to be PM, Putin paid for chaos... Is that really all there is?
More Labour constituencies voted leave. Most Labour members are middle to upper class their plastic labour. Real labour is working class and pro brexit
A 'No Deal' Brexit Is Best for Britain and the United States #BorderControl #Immigration #BuildTheWall
IE Not Enough.
British voters put themselves through this ordeal, not one politician. Why didn't more Brits vote? Why did so many Brits vote to leave the EU? They didn't have to! Brexit is a self-inflicted wound. Quit blaming your old leader for giving millions what they wanted--a vote.
December 2018, does anyone remember this....May survives confidence vote with a majority of 83
Sorted...
Import prices into the US are coming down. This should help corporate America profitability #finance #recession #brexit #risk #econometrics #wallstreet #Bloomberg
He suits their anti-Brexit agenda plus he's a metropolitan luvvie so ticks all their boxes.
Would you say that if her parents were remainers? #brexit
Accurate
Good insights on what happens next after last night’s vote from my colleague #brexit
First of all it's the Independent who delete any Brexit comments on their website, not to be trusted. This is old news and already been addressed as a lie, Seek and you will find the info.
A master strategist, an inspirational orator, a Brexiteer with confidence, belief and chutzpah is needed to champion BREXIT. Mrs May is not this person.
The U.S. federal government may be shutdown but at least Brexit is going well.
No-deal #Brexit looks more likely than ever. Leaving the #EU without a deal would be disastrous for our #environment. Join me and sign petition urging party leaders to rule out a dirty no-deal Brexit.
British PM: If we fail to deliver Brexit, public confidence will be at 'all time low'
UK-Offer full support for a hard Brexit with a new bilateral trade deal offering most preferred nation status at the ready. Once terms are agreed upon, open to other states to quickly do the same. Ensure adequate M1-8 supply.
ANKER HANSEN &amp; CO. A/S how-to-prepare-for-the-u-k-s-uncertain-brexit-terms #brexitvote
Britain is that friend who is always weighing up breaking up with their partner but doesn't quite have the follow through to actually do it #brexit
I personally don't think we should have a second referendum on Brexit, and at this point I'm so behind on what's going on I don't even have an opinion on whether we should remain or leave. Can it just be over with x
Happily watch whatever you are in and it is indeed a welcome break from ruddy brexit !
Theresa May's #BrexitDeal Is Defeated by Record Majority
#Brexit A Bust – And A Blow To #UK’s #FinTech Role? - via
And in the Eurozone keep interest rates at 0% - teetering on a very sharp edge &amp; the remainers think leaving is likewise! Why haven't we left yet?
Thanks Steve for everything - in admiration. Think it's really time to revoke Article 50 #RevokeArticle50 and stop Brexit #StopBrexit
Another example of how the few dictate for the many. Brexit isn't a crisis; it's a solution! via
Thread. Retweet.
Brexit vote: Why the landslide defeat of Theresa May’s deal matters to the U.S. – CBS News
The No deal vote is a mixed bag,many are against ,the EU is very aware of that fact.
whilst you were away ?
GO WTO BREXIT for a great TRADE deal WORLDWIDE without political union nor loss of British sovereignty
The future of the UK is too important to be left just to policitians. People were asked to vote without a plan nor a full understanding of the consequences. They all deserve a second chance. #brexit
Guy in Costa first tried to loudly sort out Brexit on the phone now he’s moved on to his car insurance
#Brexit A Bust – And A Blow To #UK’s #FinTech Role? - via
Sometimes you have to love British democracy - one minute we're debating Brexit, then we've got PMQs, then a quick debate on letterboxes and back to a long confidence vote debate 10 minutes later!
How will #Brexit affect your people? Staff resources can be a big risk for many companies, could the loss of skilled/low-cost staff affect you? We can help. information .co.uk |
Shameless prick
It needs to be on the ballot as 60%+ want to remain &amp; realise all of Brexit will do immense harm to the UK &amp; future generations prospects. You need to give people an opportunity to change their minds &amp; express that - it’s too important decision not too.
Nobody in the whole world has any confidence or trust in them, except of course their wealthy/elite tax dodging funders who are the only ones to benefit from brexit
UK &gt; Politics - May in BATTLE for Brexit lifeline as she prepares to =&gt; #UK
"Humble" Guy calling those who refuse to cede sovereignty "hardliners".
World stocks hold nerve after May’s Brexit defeat, pound steady #worldnews
So if/when Britain leaves the EU (brexit) premier league teams will no longer participate in the champions league..Hmmm
So a country that’s divided over Brexit gets a lesson in democracy from a country that’s divided over independence. Sounds about right #differentsortofgravy
And millions of Remain voters will not support a Brexit enabling Labour Party. Don't take our votes for granted - there were 16 million Remain voters in 2016 - Labour can't win without us.
The Beeb has become F*x News, hence the not stop Farraging during the run up to #Brexit. They first rolled it out during the indy vote and no one batted an eye.
British PM: If we fail to deliver Brexit, public confidence will be at 'all time low'
Companies cry out for Brexit clarity, warn on no-deal #worldnews
The Daily 202: From Brexit to NATO and the shutdown, Putin is winning so much he might get tired of winning
You’d be surprised at how many left wing I know that are for Brexit and it’s initial ideas pal. I’m with it if done properly
Post decisive Brexit verdict, a vote of confidence that could go either way - British prime minister Theresa May’s draft Brexit deal was defeated by a margin of 230 votes in the House of Commons. With just 69 days left for the deadline to leave the Eur...
The #EU’s overriding purpose is to prevent war in Europe. #Brexit is an insult to every family who lost a loved one in WW1 and WW2 (especially the Holocaust). If you persist in leaving, and , you’re spitting on millions of graves including Tomasz’s
I would like to see Trump have to deliver his State of the Union speech in a setting like the GB's House of Commons with jeers from the opposition raining down on him like sarcastic tweets.
Billboard campaign reminds voters of MPs' Brexit promises
He forgot to mention his Brexit policy; Leave (or not), Whilst delivering the advantages of staying(or not) But leave, After having a second referendum(or not) With the option of staying(possibly). Bringing the whole country together by offering all of the above(possably) or not!
The Daily 202: From Brexit to NATO and the shutdown, Putin is winning so much he might get tired of winning
Well that’s pretty definitive, it looks like a No Dill Brexit!
Steve Hilton: Original intent of Brexit - restoring freedom and sovereignty - buried by inept bureaucrats
Companies cry out for Brexit clarity, warn on no-deal
Brexit: Pressure mounts on Jeremy Corbyn as more Labour MPs back calls for fresh referendum
EU hurt greater than Britain in a no deal Brexit ,that apparent to EU and they continue to bluff.Let us call this risk as probability known.Bold leader required #Brexitnodeal #ismaili
The Daily 202: From Brexit to NATO and the shutdown, Putin is winning so much he might get tired of winning
May... the most aptly named politician, ever! #Brexit #FuckWits
Theresa May having two years to sort Brexit and leaving it all til the last minute is a massive mood
The Daily 202: From Brexit to NATO and the shutdown, Putin is winning so much he might get tired of winning via
#yourcanarywharf DAISYBLUEBELLE #etsy shop #ECO-Friendly bamboo TRAVEL MUG #coffee mug use again and again #butterfly or #flower design ##birthday #coffee #Brexit #stylish #canarywharf #coffeelover #coffeegift #newhomegift
Brexit Insight Series
You had one job, and that was BREXIT.
Companies cry out for Brexit clarity, warn on no-deal
Companies cry out for Brexit clarity, warn on no-deal REUTERS
See John Hilton still carrying the banner for antiCons and anti-Brexit&gt;&gt;
Fuck me did not realise how anti-brexit the BMA are
No-deal Brexit: what are the implications for British travellers? #travel
SNP Parliamentary mouthpiece and apologist spouting his usual diatribe in Parliament. #Brexit #JustLeave
Do people not remember the Brexit referendum was an in/out question. Had absolutely no information attached. It's quite right for people to want to vote on what has now been presented.
BREXIT EXPLAINED THUS FAR
At various times, has defeated four people for the Labour Leadership. Under any of those people, there would have been no victory over the Government last night. #Brexit #BrexitVote #NoConfidenceVote #NoConfidenceMotion
“I don’t identify as a prepper, but I am prepping. I always thought preppers were a bit batshit crazy and am quite surprised to find myself in this position”
In almost every aspect of British life there are positives to a no-deal Brexit. It’s also what Tory members now want. It’s time the government put no deal plans into full effect &amp; started telling the public of the benefits of a managed WTO exit..
Grace, perhaps its time to define it as Lexit, Brexit has too many overtones of chaotic nationalism
UKIP: RT UKIP_NI: Only UKIP has a plan for Brexit &amp; the entire UK
Not ‘50% of voters’ but of those people who did vote-27% of the population. Hardly a majority.
Theresa May presenting the details of Brexit with the EU talks to Parliament
No best deal still yet, brexit Matter.
Theresa May Not #TheresaMayTrouble #theresamay #Brexit #NoBrexitAtAll #nobrexit #Europe #uk
Discussion on Brexit and William Barr Tune in! to Democracy Now on my KBCS app!
How #bizgroups: &amp; responded to the outcome of #Brexit vote #westminsterhour #UKbusiness #SMEUK
Theresa May's #BrexitDeal Is Defeated by Record Majority
He’s dead right too.’ But the british public will not sanction another referendum on the clear visible concrete proof that should UK vote leave again they would do it. They refuse to obey us now they will refuse always , we need only british people minded to Brexit hard
If we do get a referendum for what to do, it should be an alternative vote, so all the options are ranked. Those who don’t want Brexit might want something specific if we do have to go through with Brexit, and if they loose the referendum they can have the next best thing
Judging by #PMQs NOTHING!? Its NO change MAY! Next question more important PLEASE!? WHY And then Oh Why again!? Thanks
lorde replace theresa may and bring an end to this brexit bullshit challenge
Anything except brexit.
Labour wants the freedom to implement its manifesto, unhindered and in full inside the EU. Grant that and you create millions more remainers. Brexit really is in your hands now Guy. Be a hero.
Are you saying you have the same information then as you have now? Your view can obviously remain the same but you know nothing new about brexit or what leave or remain consequences are or have been?
Thank you so much Dawn. All of us at are very excited about the #Maiden film!
Ride or die ...on Brexit.
"When all is said and done, the only plan that might command a parliamentary majority would be Norway Plus, or basically Labour’s declared position of remaining in both the single market and the customs union." via
People don't seem to realise how much turmoil a no-deal would cause, it would take decades to set up and renegotiate so many different trade deals etc. let alone all the legal and security ramifications. A Brexit minded PM would have just happily wrote us off with a no-deal.
Good point. The 2016 ref was designed to shoot the BREXIT fox forever because of the damage it was still doing to the Tory party. Always party before country. Worked out well didn't it?
Not someone who can comment on politics due to lack of real knowledge however I do agree that sometimes most patriotic often ignore facts for Patriotism
Macron Francsplaining Brexit. Quite well. Note reference to fish. [subtitled]
When you’ve been married for 30 years, some good some not so, you want to move on but can’t decide who gets the cat, that’s called Brexit.
Failure to act would leave the EU with an increasingly fragile eurozone economy, present leaders with a large EU budget bill to fund and leave the bloc facing nightmarish choices on how to prevent a border arising on the island of Ireland.
I wonder, now that the UK has seen what a huge mess Brexit is, and how bad for the country it is, why can't they hold another vote to decide on whether to stay or leave? Then the country can put this huge mess behind them, and move on.
IGD’s shares his latest article on how the Grocery Industry is preparing for Brexit
There may be a lot of lost confidence in the government right now but ours never falters. You can put your trust into our products to deliver the results you required. #CleaningRedefined #Brexit #PMQs
The internal debate within Labour on Brexit policy will be fascinating to watch. People can (and will) argue the semantics of sequencing and what a 'public vote' being 'on the table' means but the truth is that there is a split there and it will be tricky for Corbyn to navigate.
Sadiq Khan speaks out on May's Brexit deal
Sadiq Khan speaks out on May's Brexit deal
Sadiq Khan speaks out on May's Brexit deal
No it wouldn’t!!! It would mean that we finally face that fact that the original Brexit campaign was built on lies on both sides!!! Now present the facts and what’s actually possible and then let’s vote and move on either way and get back to bigger issues closer to home!
Amid the chaos, a hard Brexit is still the simplest, easiest option for the UK
you’ve all let the lies be unchallenged for too long. You’ve allowed it in interviews in the press and even Corbyn seems deluded with his jobs first brexit bullshit.There is no good exit from the EU because we should not be exiting in the first place own up to your constituents
the queen fed up with #brexit, reinstalls absolute monarchy!
Donald Tusk hints UK should stay in EU #Brexit #UK #EU #Scotland #NI #Wales #England #Ireland #voters #politics #elections #economy #trade #finance #markets #investors
Norway ... Norway ... It’s nothing to do with the country, it’s Denis Skinner expressing his disgust at Brexit.
"Lavrov on Brexit: Russia will cooperate with UK and EU, whatever the outcome" #news #feedly
Former Greek Finance Minister, Yanis Varoufakis, said this is a “dog’s Brexit”. He may well be right, there doesn’t seem to be much in it for cats... #dogsbrexit #brexit #brexitvote #yanisvaroufakis #eu #larry #larrythecat
German liberal party is requesting a special EUCO summit within the next 48 hours to discuss ways of preventing a #NoDealBrexit
UK Parliament Rejects #Brexit Agreement as Warns of Threats to Patient Safety | #Regulatory Focus
I agree with his points about problems in the country that led to the brexit vote. However, all those issues can be solved within the EU without causing financial hardship. We need to stop blaming the EU for the failure of our politicians.
This is it. If May reaches out before 7pm tonight, the ERG &amp; the DUP could abstain and her premiership is over. But after 7:20pm she needs to call all the Parliamentary Party Leaders in for a meeting on #Brexit
Didn't anybody ever tell English people that sometimes you vote for something but it turns out not to be possible? I imagined this is something a small child would learn in early education #Brexit
I think calling people delusional for wanting to change *this* government given the misery they are inflicting is pretty bad yeah. I guess I'll have to grow up and only care about Brexit.
Brexit is great, unlike Indy Scotland.
As I recall their election was interfered with as well. How many really wanted Brexit? I know May didn't, she was doing, what she thought was, the will of the ppl.
Dover/Calais is different from belfast/stranraer they aren't comparable under todays rules. After brexit it would become a border check to the same extent as dover.
Brexit. #SorryNotSorry
Follow for updates on the #NoConfidenceMotion in the UK as Theresay May's #Brexit deal was rejected.
Brexit (if delivered) should have been an entirely cross party process from the very beginning. Is it not extremely telling that Conservatives have attempted to hold the "glory" for themselves? They have no wish to work with you. Get them out please!
Actually, no one with a lif expectancy of under 10 years should be able to vote. Disenfranchise everyone with stage 3/4 cancer, ALS, CTE, and all men in dangerous jobs.
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK #Brexit #Collusion #Trump
Theresa May's #BrexitDeal Is Defeated by Record Majority
UK should have agreed what it wants BEFORE triggering A50. It is gross negligence for May, Corbyn &amp; Parliament starting Brexit WITHOUT knowing what they want FFS! The whole Brexit is disgrace for UK Parliamentary democracy.
New post: "Companies cry out for Brexit clarity, warn on no-deal"
Parliament has rejected the Prime Minster’s Brexit deal in a defeat which will go down in history.
Yeah it would. Even if it's just the minority that still want brexit that minority would have a better argument, it did get voted for.
Eurotunnel calls for clarification on border control following Brexit vote
#important #news #international After Defeat on #Brexit Plan, Theresa #May Faces No-Confidence Vote #britain #socialmedia #Leaders #leadership #Influencer #newsmedia #economic
NEWS: #Portsmouth shoppers share their thoughts on #Brexit ahead of the vote of no confidence in the Government this evening.
This is a pretty good rundown of Brexit:
I can't understand why remainers are given any time. Leave won the vote. We just need a leader to deliver it. Remainers, if you love the EU so much it will still exist post #brexit and you are welcome to move to mainland Europe and enjoy the federal utopia. #StandUp4Brexit
Dear , THIS is what is needed. Question is, what are you going to whip your MPs to do and will they listen?
"They were careless people, Tom and Daisy – they smashed up things and creatures and then retreated back into their money or their vast carelessness, or whatever it was that kept them together and let other people clean up the mess they had made"
Companies cry out for Brexit clarity, warn on no-deal
The angry Brexit reaction keeps rolling in. Carmakers, drug companies, the whisky industry, superfood brands -- businesses across the board slam the continuing prospect of a no-deal
DAISYBLUEBELLE #etsy shop #ECO-Friendly bamboo TRAVEL MUG #CANARYWHARF Biodegradable coffee mug use again and againbutterfly or flower design ##birthday #coffee #Brexit #stylish #canarywharf #coffeelover #coffeegift #newhomegift
Theresa May refuses to step down after crushing Brexit deal defeat
The no confidence vote tonight is a tactical move alright but wouldn't it be nice if at least 30 Conservative MPs vote for it Brexit and no-confidence vote: Corbyn targets 'zombie government'
Europe warns UK time is running out as Parliament rejects Brexit deal
Clearly the Vote of no confidence would fail. But if Corbyn DID go to the people and just offer them a wonderful LABOUR BREXIT. His own party would kill him - and rightly so.
It’s especially easy to say when you have moved your hedge fund to an EU safe haven to avoid the economic impact of Brexit which you want to inflict on everyone else!
Understandably there is plenty of interest in China and the rest of the world about what is going on currently in Parliament. As I told this afternoon, politicians across all parties should work together pragmatically to avoid a no-deal #Brexit.
Nicola Sturgeon: Suspend Article 50 immediately to prevent disastrous No Deal Brexit
Except there’s no parallel between the situations #Brexit is totally self-inflicted Most ppl don’t want it anymore It can be stopped in an instant if we unilaterally #RevokeA50
A great read about how to use the BREXIT opportunity to advance the cause of free trade, competition and freedom.
How did my MP vote on the Brexit deal? Full results list after Theresa May’s crushing defeat
It isn't hyperbole, thousands have already died. Neither brexit nor a 2nd ref will help. These things are happening right now, here in the EU. The only thing that will help is getting the Tories out. Anything less is enabling social murder.
By sitting on the fence, no direction, no Brexit plan. Just one attack after another against TM. Constantly calling for a GE when NOBODY wants or needs one. We have the biggest challenge the UK has had in recent history and all Jeremy cares about is a GE.
Brexit Vote Disaster: No Matter What Happens Politically, Britain Must Leave The EU via
bang on
the right-wing Spanish newspaper ABC/Madrid overvalues the English, as usual, &amp; proposes to hold another referendum explaining to the English public the issues, in a rational way Camba and me, we have explained
"Is everything going absolutely tits up? I mean, democracy is broken. Party politics makes a mockery of all of us." #Brexit starting with the bad news in his keynote. "In the middle, you'll want to kill yourself. But I like to end on a high note." #OracleOpenWorld
Clear concern in the Legal Profession about a no deal Brexit.
We already had a vote and we diced we wanted to LEAVE the EU federalist dictatorship. It has been remainers who have muddied the waters, they clearly do not understand what democracy is or only when they get the result they want.
The public sector will pay the price for a botched Brexit
Theresa May WILL have to move to a customs union deal or a #PeoplesVote, BUT if she admits that today she would lose a #ConfidenceVote as the hard Brexit mob would go crazy. So even if the government survives today, it's a zombie administration
He is not helping, it is up to the people they elected on a Brexit manifesto to sort it out. It is nobody's business other than the Uk
More #ScheerMadness
Check out The Daily 202 from
Yikes “The oldest parliament in the world after Iceland’s is in one hell of a state. Brexit has split a once stable country in two and transformed its politicians into lemmings, throwing themselves off the white cliffs into the sea”
In case you're lost in the Brexit saga, here is a chart published by Le Monde to help you understand something of the scenario #FollowtheGuide Et maintenant, quelles options reste-t-il à Londres ?
"The Tories are a firm, but Labour is a family." That was one of the first things that I was ever told in active politics, and it has turned out to have been true over and over again. #Brexit #BrexitVote #NoConfidenceVote #NoConfidenceMotion
There is a straightforward solution to the Brexit Deal impasse already embedded in the Brexit documents which could be used to remove the backstop problem. It just needs elevating. See proposal at #brexit #politics
There’s not enough hours in the day, mate. Lies about poverty, lies about jobs, lies about being committed to the NHS, lies about cross party talks on Brexit &amp; lies on workers rights
Theresa May presenting the details of Brexit talks with the EU to Parliament
LISTEN: The frustration of ~Brexit: a guide to the issues involved in Canary Wharf v EMA with deputy legal + professional editor #legal #podcast #lease #realestate #property #cre
Haha, that is Corbin's way to avoid having another referendum on Brexit.
But then how do those claiming we want No Deal get behind that? How do we know a majority of this country want a Norway style Brexit?
this is great, really cheered me up. "Johnson, speaking as always like a Taiwanese news animation of Winston Churchill" - spot on. also, describing twat hancock as "cub health secretary"- wonderful.
ECB officials warn of Brexit costs for slowing euro-area economy
Do you think the BBC may get some pro brexit commentators to talk about the prospects of a no deal brexit as opposed to rolling out the Anna Soubrys’s and Chucka’s every time spouting their fire &amp; brimstone theories and apocalyptic predictions? No? Thought so.
No answer to my point eh, just what about brexit, what about brexit, you sound a bit like TM at pmq's.
"Logistics industry urges UK to prevent disorderly Brexit but vows to 'clear up the mess'" #logistics #news
And Corbyn is any better? He can't make up his mind what Labour policy is on brexit.
Steve Hilton: Original intent of Brexit - restoring freedom and sovereignty - buried by inept bureaucrats | Fox News
I think the stance being taken by May / Tory Party is nothing to do with BREXIT or the well being of the country. It's just to keep Labour and J Corbyn out of power. It's not in the Tories plans remember MAYS "we will never let you govern" rant and she ment it. Sod the country
I still think trumpism is reversible and brexit is not
Perhaps it was better that there were traitors against the EU|UK #brexit deal - NOW PERHAPS we will get what we want. A complete break. But across the political spectrum our elective MPs have shown themselves for what they reall are SELF SERVING.
These cretins now seem to have a voice. Sad days and who knows how they will be sent back to their rooms in disgrace.
"Companies cry out for Brexit clarity, warn on no-deal" -
They fought alongside Europeans twice you absolute lettuce. Brexit gives us nothing we don't already have, and takes away nearly everything. Keeps the anti-immigration/asylum nutters happy though right?
We already had it in 2016 then in a GE in 2017, with both parties promising to deliver #Brexit with 80%support. Why do you insist embarrassing yourself by suggesting we need a second referendum. We don’t as recent polls show. #Projectfear is becoming a joke!
has given a great speech on why MP's should vote #NoConfidence this evening. Rather than beat the Brexit bandwagon, he and his colleagues have raised the injustices such as #1950swomen, #UniversalCredit and #foodbanks. THIS, is what we judge a government on.
May’s Brexit Deal Failed. What Happens Now?
NEW: Theresa May rules out EU customs unions membership after Cabinet minister suggests it could happen
Theresa May will try force a second vote on #Brexit deal despite crushing defeat
Irish PM denies having secret no-deal Brexit plan for border checks
Most of the workers probably voted remain. Most pensioners voted for brexit most retail staff remainers.
Time is running out. Although I’m not a brexit supporter, I’m also not a fan of People’s Vote. However, if Parliament can’t find a way to break gridlock we do need to find out if there is a majority for leaving without a deal or remaining in the EU, People’s vote will answer that
EXCL Labour official working for Jeremy Corbyn says MPs calling for second Brexit vote want a Tory government
The Prime Minister should resign. She has suffered the largest defeat of prime legislation in the history of Parliament. This agreement was hers, not even her cabinet can take the blame. 2 Brexit Ministers have already resigned over this agreement.
google-news|U.K. Parliament’s Rejection of Brexit Deal Puts European Union in a Bind|
Burgon being incredibly rude.
Why is it that every time I turn on is on there shouting about hard done to he is. It’s like it’s his own channel. Very gobby if you ask me. #brexit #NoConfidenceVote #NoConfidenceMotion #NoConfidence
Ian Blackford is on fire right now , he said Scotland has no confidence in UK govt. So, Scotland is for WTO ( ~EU ) inside of UK. Scotland wants out of UK. Scexit in Brexit.
#Islam #Brexit #UKIP: 'Nothing to do with Islam?' by Peter Townsend. Get your copy today!
GB needs a Mueller-type investigation into Brexit. STAT!
The UK also needs to pass 600-1000 statutory instruments by March 29, to replace statutory instruments we have through the EU. Only 67 have passed so far, with 238 laid but not passed and hundreds more not even laid yet.
Lawyers in Local Government issues position paper on legal implications of Brexit for local government:
Brexit: MPs debate no-confidence motion after May's deal defeat – Politics live
reuters|Brexit bedlam: May's EU divorce deal crushed by 230 votes in parliament|
Well, Corbyn certainly won’t deliver Brexit. His party’s 6 rules mean that we have to remain in the EU.
We vote. They ignore the voters who have been comforted by voting and kept quiet(ish) Old saying but true - If voting changed anything they would abolish it. Brexit is proving its true.
reuters|EU and UK are nearing a 'no deal' Brexit neither want: Moscovici|
Brexit bags
British friends, pardon the suggestion of an American (especially given the sorry state of my own country right now), but it seems the #Brexit solution is clear: Call a new referendum; if a majority still wants to #Leave, then #NoDealBrexit. If not, #Remain. #May #Corbyn #Labour
Glentree's asks 'Is the Commons defeat a sophisticated Machiavellian two-part strategy or a case of the Keystone Cops?’ #Brexit #CommonsDefeat #PropertyMarket
reuters|Search on for Brexit consensus after May's crushing defeat|
What does a Brexit no deal mean? ...
Knowing the deal would fail, secret plan B was deployed. Every trick in the book will be tried to sabotage the process from within and out of the party. Carnage.
Transatlantic law firm has advised , a long standing client, on a series of contracts with the that secure additional freight capacity as part of the ’s planning for a no-deal #Brexit
Interesting; can't say I agree, but good discussion afterwards.
Quite frankly there are very few of politicians who listen to the electorate. Just watched them braying &amp; shouting at each other in Parliament. Claiming they are delivering what we voted for. Would not be discounting leaving on no deal if they were trying to deliver Brexit.
Theresa May Just Suffered a Historic Defeat on Brexit—Now What?
There may have been a #NoConfidenceVote last night but the confidence in our products never falters. You can put your trust into our solutions and machines to deliver the results you required. #CleaningRedefined #Brexit #PMQs
2/ As far as "and reform EU from inside (which must surely be the referendum message)" How arrogantly British is that? After Thatcher Cameron &amp; Brexit debacle I think no-one in EU will gladly take lessons from b... Brits. Meanwhile we in Scotland will do all we can to to get away
#brexit Why come in to parliament if you don't want to be in the UK! All you want is Independence and to remain in the EU! From 54 mp's down to 10 says it all. You still do not accept the result of two referendum's held in Scotland and in the UK!
Patriotism is the final refuge of a scoundrel and that is what May has been spouting none stop since she got trashed with her Brexit deal
People voted to leave, tbh trade deals are just a red herring , they are leaning on a trade deal that locks us into a crumbling EU
it will tell us if people are happy with the reality of brexit or not. simple really :)
#CityNews Mayor Andy Street urges the Government to help Jaguar Land Rover after Brexit
Yes, the current situation is turning into a real Game of Thrones! #Brexit #NoConfidenceVote
It’s not all about Brexit you know.... ffs!! People are starving, freezing, homeless living a miserable existence and many are dying..... a general election IS the only way forward!!
Parliament should not allow the UK to leave the EU without a deal. This has a chance of irreparable damage to the UK, and if some information I have seen is true there is a chance it could also kill people:
Markets see lower no-deal Brexit risk: Bank of England's Carney
You'd rather she was indocronated by her commie teachers. #Brexit
Heh. Email i got from #Amazon regarding Brexit
How about we agree to cancel Brexit if the EU agree to sack Tusk &amp; Juncker? ..
The more I watch what's going on with #BrexitVote the less I want to know. Our #politicians are nothing but a bunch of scheming fools! The country VOTED #Brexit so just DO IT! #BrexitShambles #BrexitShambles #ToryBrexitShambles #voteofnoconfidence #BrexitMeansBrexit #brexitmess
"The first losers of [a no deal Brexit] are the British people". So, what's next for Brexit? Here is French President Macron's steps of the possible scenarios.
The #Brexit Saga Is Far From Over - Here's What Analysts Are Expecting Now
Brexit proves that the unionism is flinging itself to pieces. Stand back from the centrifuge. #indyref2
Reuters: Companies cry out for Brexit clarity, warn on no-deal
Tickets for both!We booked the Titanic for about 80 years from now. Yes it’s prob inevitable, but we’re not currently drowning. However, good ship Brexit has just feckin rammed full speed into an iceberg.If we survive we might b stuck on that ‘berg with no jobs, no food &amp; no meds
The latest The Licciardi Twitter Daily! Thanks to #technology #brexit
Buyers should not be put off by Brexit disorder, say experts &gt; more from client
quotes far right nutter Abbot, who said it would be folly to expect that women will ever dominate or even approach equal representation because their aptitudes, abilities and interests are different for physiological reasons". #Fabritwat
Watching Theresa May Faces "No Confidence" Vote After Defeat on Brexit Deal
#Giletjaunes Head in a basket please. Then move to England and sort out our parliament! We helped you, 2ww now we need your help! #Brexit
Listening to the Prime Minister’s excellent speech in the confidence debate, in contrast to Jeremy Corbyn who has no ideas on #Brexit or any other national issue except failed tropes of spending and more debt. I back the Conservative government and this debate is a distraction
5 bastard times now in 10 minutes Blacky saying independence is coming. It's no fkn coming Blacky. Your outlook = fuck the 55% and fuck the Brexit voters in Scotland. That fat fk is why Indy is not coming....
the-washington-post|Brexit vote: British Parliament rejects Theresa May’s Brexit deal, leaving withdrawal from E.U. and prime minister’s political future in doubt|
Indeed!
We certainly do but Brexit has to be stopped first.
How will the remainers compromise with those who want to leave? Labour may have an even greater challenge to deliver Brexit when so many within the party are set against it. An agreement to not deliver on the referendum would be an outrage and a disaster for democracy.
There are 9 inquiries ongoing into possible law breaking related to the 2016 referendum. The Brexit process should be paused. If it can’t be paused then it should be stopped.
Michel Barnier admits EU has never been so afraid of no deal and demands UK breaks Brexit deadlock via
I am sure will condemn these real lies from the remain sideon this thread, as I am sure you will too?
Brilliant from Macron: Good luck on telling the people what you voted on we can’t deliver and we also lied about it!
time|The U.K. Government Braces for a No-Confidence Vote After Historic Brexit Defeat|
Brexit !!!! #ThingsThatAreBadForYourHealth
No of course I haven't, but surely you can agree that remaining with an agreement is pretty straightforward in terms on understanding that agreement? So as a brexit voter would you be happy with a Norway style deal? Access to Single market and free movement &amp; part of Schengen?
Given the recent events, #Brexit consequences are now unpredictable and of great concern for lots of #British people. Here's an article to explain some of the possible scenarios for #UK #expats living in the #CzechRepublic.
impressionist ahahaha sounds more like steven hawking, don’t give up the night job fella
Do you think NZDCAD would be affected by the brexit news today?
We must never forget what the hard won peace brought an end to. #Brexit
The calls on the Tory UK Government to reach out to other parties to avoid a no deal #Brexit #Senedd
independent|Brexit dominates political circles, but outside Westminster many are tuning out|
Arrogant!!
What's next surprise about #Brexit #BrexitVote?
H-U-G-E. First 2020 presidential candidate to weigh in on Theresa May's Brexit defeat is John Delaney. "Staying is not an option after a referendum, unless they have a second.” Scoop by
the-economist|Theresa May loses big over her Brexit deal|
Using it as you said is disrespectful!! WW2 should in no way be used as a context in any way shape or form for brexit!! Especially when so many of them laid down their lives for us!!
Pretty much sums up the entire debate in 2 mins #DontCallMeATurkey
So, are pro remainers optimists or deluded?
Well, this is all perfectly clear! Theresa May rules out EU customs unions membership after Cabinet minister suggests it could happen.
Majority now reduced....
Corbyn's no confidence motion is being tipped to fail - if it does it is because British politicians know that the anti-establishment socialist will win - they can't risk that! #Corbyn #NoConfidenceVote #Brexit
First thing May needs to do is extend Brexit deadline: Sturgeon
Are you on the wind up, the deal did not deliver. You get that from your beano comic. We chose to leave, we did not ask for any deal. Its all speculation as its unchartered waters so no one knows. A losers vote is only best for you as its your last attempts to halt Brexit.
Theresa May's #BrexitDeal Is Defeated by Record Majority
Yes. They've got this aura of smug about them too. Heaven help us if democracy is overturned and the feeble politicians cancel Brexit, they'll be even more unbearable in their smugness and revel in the knowledge that they are. :)
I would like this to be fact, "These breaches disbar them from standing as Labour parliamentary candidates at the next election" but is it, or your opinion?...:)
Brexit vote: What just happened and what comes next?
#Brexit? It begins.... Training has commenced in GB
Brexit – after the meaningful vote
Did the UK just have a meaningful vote on Brexit?
Sterling rebounds after Theresa May loses meaningful Brexit vote in UK Parliament #FX $USD $CAD $EUR $GBP $AUD $JPY
Also, I'm sure that if it had been referred to as BritIN, we would've stayed in the EU. People are highly suggestible. #Brexit
Isn’t there enough bloody doughnuts in there already?! #Brexit
Watch AFEX's first thoughts following PM May's deal rejection #Brexit #marketwatch
Recently it seems like every conversation I have about Brexit takes a strange turn where we talk about stocking the cupboards full of beans, "just in case"
Exactly Julia! What is the point of these politicians! They just get in the way. Put a group of top businessmen, financiers, techno wizards in charge of Brexit , it would be done &amp;dusted. UK On the way to a sunny future, EU crying for a deal. HOW HAVE THEY SCREWED UP SO BADLY!
Awesome apocalyptic modern twist of Shakespeare`s Hamlet #BrexitShambles #BrexitVote #Brexit
Waves at Sandown Beach - Isle of Wight via Beat the Brexit Blues and come to the Isle of Wight UK for your holidays (no passport required) #autismawareness #autismholiday #autismcarehomes #autismschools #autismfamilies
The people who fund the Conservative Party are implacably opposed to a #NoDealBrexit, and would have no hesitation in simply turning off the cash tap. #Brexit #BrexitVote #NoConfidenceVote #NoConfidenceMotion
A yokel from the party that shot people who dared leave the Soviet satellite GDR explains #brexit :
SO BORED WITH BREXIT.
We grow closer to brexit every day. We are no closer to being ready or at all prepared for brexit. You can never leave important decisions to politicians
It’s Brexit - it’s a shit plan
BBC News - Brexit: Your simple guide to the UK leaving the EU
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
What’s Next For Brexit And The Pound As UK Lawmakers Reject Deal
British lawmakers vote against Theresa May's Brexit deal
Breaking: global warming has been contributing to brexit for the last one milion years
Have a great day - P.S. I thought we were done with Brexit Grrrrr
What we need to know your stand on Brexit, get off the fence.
But she can't reach out before 7pm tonight or the ERG will abstain #brexit
Honestly Brexit is doing my nut in
brexit is just a fat project zeus
Did French President Emmanuel Macron sum up Brexit better than the British? via
#afternoonlive Is it possible for the Prime Minister to put together a Brexit Cabinet like the war cabinet's that were created during the world wars.
#ThingsThatAreBadForYourHealth Brexit
Which means it's definitely going to happen
a Tory PM making decisions around Europe based on the split in their own party? Nah i'm not having it #Brexit
Theresa May’s deal voted down in a big way. Nobody wants Brexit, she has no idea what the people want. Theresa May needs to go! #BrexitVote #RevokeArticle50 #Remain #uk #politics
Otherwise people could stumble on an assumption that many remainer MPs have been wrecking brexit negotiations at every turn to get us to this position.
A different take on last nights events
Could it be ANY clearer that #ScheerIdiocy is funded by the EXACT SAME #DarkMoney interests supporting Trump™ #RobertMercer Steve Bannon #DavidPecker CambridgeAnalytica #cdnpoli
How true! #SecondReferendum
we’re not even getting that
So have you, you dumb shit. Oppose Brexit or promise to reverse it and win the next election by the biggest landslide in U.K. history. Keep going with it and your name will be as spat on as Cameron, Mogg, Farage and May’s in the future.
Confidence vote LIVE: Corbyn’s plan backfires as MPs pressure him to change Brexit stance
We'll see. Personally I think between Blair (Iraq), lib Dems (coalition) and Cameron (austerity and Brexit) the nails are in the coffin for centrism in Britain
Do you trust this woman? #PMQS #BREXIT
Quite. Brexit means that we don't need to care about the punitive treatment of the disabled and shoving migrants into camps.
From a personal stand point, Yes 100% but it's up to the powers that be to set a date. Given the absolute state of the UK government &amp; the damage Brexit is doing to the UK we have to escape it. it's really all about tax avoidance to be honest EU rules come in March 2019
Brexit
So this is happening - my husband, Peter (who doesn’t know I tweet about him btw) will join me on set at 2 pm to talk about Brexit. We’re taking our kitchen table chat to air. Smartest guy i know - don’t miss it! Here he was on the safari in Kenya (also British born now Am cit)
Idiot. After the mess he has created!!!!!!!!!!!!
Brexit vote: Why the landslide defeat of Theresa May's deal matters to the U.S. - CBS News
#BREAKING : admits #EU has never been so afraid of no-deal and demands #UK breaks #Brexit deadlock by: #Elections, 2nd #Referendum or Stay in the #EU - #EC #Scotland #DailyNews
Fuck “colorized aluminum sulfur”, long live “colourised aluminium sulphur”. Long live the mile, to hell with degrees Fahrenheit, and fuck those three holes in Letter format.
- BBC News - Brexit and no-confidence vote: Corbyn targets 'zombie government'
What about the third way... "Fallon's Tea"?
‘NO RENEGOTIATION’ #Merkel smashes #Brexit hopes and says Article 50 extension is ‘FICTION’
French / euro style bureaucracy believes in bureaucratic power ruling over democratic people power in general.
German carmakers warn hard Brexit would be ‘fatal’ #europenews
Women in this country have been instrumental in getting the Brexit message across. I tell my daughters they can achieve anything in this country. That’s one of the many reasons I am proud to be British. Keep the good work up girls.
#Brexit has taught me one lesson : When people vote, the want their voices heard and they want the politicians to deliver the mandate given to them. Your vote is your voice. Speak with it.
Where we really are with Brexit
Celebrations at the Kremlin with vodka and caviar. instability in US, UK, FR, Germany, etc. Stir the disenfranchised whites and cook up nationalists. Someone needs to administer the deprogramming potion or Putin becomes potentate of the earth.
Brexit vote: Why the landslide defeat of Theresa May's deal matters to the U.S. - CBS News
Where we imagine we are with Brexit
Peter Mandelson: "For this deal, the game is up' #Brexit #Brextinct
I’d love a no deal Brexit.
What, James, do you intend to do about the Tory MPs behaving in exactly the same way? You know, the ones taking the whip of your party that you actually have an affiliation with?
Brexit #ThingsThatAreBadForYourHealth
If there is a no deal Brexit which would be a disaster I think I will make a shirt saying “you won, get over it” and send it to the Leave camp
This is a political earthquake. Never has a government lost by such a large margin on such an existential vote says Amb Distinguished Fellow Sir Peter Westmacott on members live call. #Brexit
raheem kassam is on infowars talking about brexit
FROM LONDONISTAN....#BREXIT
Behold, the most arrogant man in the country.
#PMQs verdict: Corbyn exposes May's empty offer of cross-party Brexit talks
So we can't have fun if we want Brexit. What a boring world
He stood by it so much that he resigned the day after the result. Complete lack of respect for this man.
Meanwhile back at the Putin-orchestrated #BrexitShambles #BrexitVote The U.K. stands at its most dangerous crossroads in decades after Parliament emphatically rejected #TheresaMay’s Brexit deal, and will vote later on whether to oust her government
She needs to be booted out now &amp; replaced with who’s colours are securely nailed to the #Brexit wall. I guess he can “get up to speed” on May’s supposed deal in a few minutes &amp; hand it to his cat for shredding &amp; be ready to negotiate a new deal over night.
god knows what sir humphrey would make of BREXIT?
Representative? Media forms opinions which affect politics - if we don't hear from other people (Scots, Welsh, Northern Irish, EU Residents, Non-White) is the state broadcaster being unrepresentative on a political issue? Does it matter?
probably because he actually cares about the country rather than making stupid comments about May
#Democracy is broken but what do you expect with only two buttons #brexit #oow #oowlon
Disgusting that so many people are struggling because of Trump's idiocy over the shutdown.
#Brexit: is it possible to extend #Article50? The chief spokesperson of the replies
Don't slutshame Brexit.
‘NO RENEGOTIATION’ Merkel smashes Brexit hopes and says Article 50 extension is ‘FICTION’
'#TheresaMay is going to try and plow ahead and save her deal' - Playing out the clock or frozen in fear? Today's #F24Debate follows the fallout of last night's historic #Brexit vote
City chiefs call for #Brexit delay after PM’s deal is rejected via
Irish deputy PM admits there WILL be a hard border in event of no-deal
#Brexit #revokeA50 #PeopleVote Best comment of the day. MPs - take back control from the zombies. Surely there are enough of you....
#EU Chief Negociator for #Brexit states 'We will intensify our efforts to be prepared for a #NoDealBrexit.' Should the #UK be scared? What does this mean for the rest of Europe? #F24Debate
I lost a load when I attacked brexit, and a load more when I defended the Gillette ad. So basically I’ve managed to clear out a load of Brexiteers and rapists. Result.
Europe wants to keep control of part of the UK.. No Hard Border? A No Deal Brexit will hopefully ensure that is what they will get a hard border .. time for them to quit dictating!
Is #TheresaMay still fit to lead? Should she stay in her position as #PrimeMinister of the #UK? #Brexit #F24Debate
#Brexit #PMQs Deal first with a political union, then with economic and financial issues Decentralise from the current federation to a CONFEDERATION
Vote leave brigade within the conservatives really fucked up with #brexit
Looks like Julian Sturdy is the only Tory MP in the whole of North Yorkshire with a spine! Brexit debate: How North Yorkshire's MPs voted via
Including his own predictions.
those dreaming of a ‘cheeky’ Brexit are going to be so disappointed.
Look at the mess you’ve made
the-washington-post|Analysis | Deal or no deal? Theresa May’s big Brexit defeat, explained.|
Global economic slowdown, bullish. Pump it.
People who talk about overall majorities are living in the past. Regardless of who led either party, that is simply no longer this country. #Brexit #BrexitVote #NoConfidenceVote #NoConfidenceMotion
Another good day for #Putin as #PoliticalTurmoil grips #US and #UK
Should’ve just got Liverpool Football Club to sort out Brexit. They’re brilliant at getting us thrown out of Europe
Brexit is more easily reversed. A second referendum, supported by a majority of the UK now, can resolve it. Trumpism, meanwhile, will continue on for at least another two years, with our institutions permanently damaged.
Irish PM denies having secret no-deal Brexit plan for border checks via
“We never had a hard border” WE Whys she acting as if she was living in the middle of the troubles and how has she not been locked up for spewing absolute shite yet
I follow Robert because I like to hear what everyone had to say I didn't say just get on with it. I think brexit needs to be fulfilled as it's what the people want
BREAKING: BREXIT VOTE FAILS BY 230 VOTES -- UK's Theresa May Loses in Landslide via
Companies cry out for Brexit clarity, warn on no-deal
Companies cry out for Brexit clarity, warn on no-deal
Theresa May should have triggered Article 50 immediately back in June 2016 after the result of the leave vote by17.4 million patriots, before the likes ofGina Miller and LabourMPs put their beaks in and ruining any Immediate Brexit hopes she made a grave mistake giving them a say
"If they legally cannot reverse Brexit" They can. They can call for a second ref while the EU extends art 50. They can revoke Art 50. All this via a new gov that they nominate. Probably not before March. Whether it happens or not, they *can* topple the gov.
Meanwhile, Nigel Farage stood up in the EU parliament today and bragged that a hypothetical second Brexit referendum would result in an even bigger vote to leave. He was probably right, the rat-faced little twat.
The UK must NOT start unilateral discussions with member states this could only add to the confusion Adhere to the EU rules and negotiate with only the EU commission !
Result: She'll go down as a fighter. Opposition will be remembered as the villain. May, will have her legacy in tact. Opposition won't. Lesson: HER Games, always starts with chaos. #Brexit
YOU have failed out country by voting against the EU withdrawal agreement and opening the door to overturn Brexit. You have done so despite admitting your party doesn’t even have a Brexit policy. You’re shambolic.
Billboard campaign reminds voters of MPs' Brexit promises via
Check out Brexit T! Available for the next 4 days via :
The guy can’t win, I am sure everyone will get a chance to vote for his new party if we don’t deliver brexit, and that will rob labour of any possible government in the future!
Too bad. #Brexit
Corbyn accuses May of being in denial over Brexit deal in #PMQs
My thoughts
[STV]: Blackford: Is May's Brexit plan B the same as plan A? |
Everybody in Westminster has confidence, they just don't have a clue. Can we have a "got a clue" motion, please? That is also known as a "general election". Deliver BrExit in March then get straight to it so we can kick you all out and put in a new lot to clean up your mess
Yes o have the #Courage of my father , uncles and grandfather who all fought for our #FREEDOM - #we MUST LEAVE! #NODEAL - we are a strong nation.. EU need us more than we need EU! #Brexit #LeaveMeansLeave
No #Brexit say we #StayIn say we #WantUK
I agree with him, you have gifted Broxtowe to Labour, hopefully you will get deselected before this happens. #Iamfarright #Brexit #BrexitVote
Exactly. 2.5 years ago was the time to kick it off about what a no deal brexit meant. Not 2 months from brexit. Useless twats.
#Brexit = All Brits are under a huge fan=the EU membership,blowing vertically up. #Brexteers produces nonsense which like smelling fecal matter floats over due to the generated pressure. #Brexit will be turning off the fan, so everything will fall,all Brits will be dirty&amp;smelly.
Corbyn's policy is the same as Labour's policy. So Theresa May is being disingenuous when she attempts to suggest that people don't know what Corbyn's approach to Brexit is. It's all written down. From Labour's conference. She's still playing games, she thinks we are fools.
Brexit vote: Why the landslide defeat of Theresa May's deal matters to the U.S. - CBS News
Mandated? By an advisory referendum? Parliament is sovereign; making it's own decisions and is not bound by an advisory referendum. By therin lies the problem; there's no majority for any plan to /remain/no deal/soft/hard brexit..
every day of this uncertainty we are throwing £millions at brexit, meaning austerity is extended, why is waiting endlessly for a miracle, when no one is willing to change their position a good thing?
experiences it ( gets daily racist comments); Further discussions on brexit, she only mentions her party and the DUP by name; employment, she manipulates the figures; health and safety, she dismisses the is in crisis and police are underfunded;
Opinion: Brexit likely to be Britain's greatest disaster.
Parliament is deadlocked. Brexit is in chaos. The people must now be given the chance to fix this mess. That's what's . Sign the petition at #LetUsDecide
The EU will happily punish delusional Britain for last night's Brexit defeat
This thread is the Brexit primer we all need.
As usual sums up political fuckwittery to perfection
Here's calling Conservatives "the real enemy" yesterday. It's this kind of hostile language that encourages the incredibly unpleasant behaviour we're seeing towards MPs. He has obviously learnt from the school of incitement.
Companies cry out for Brexit clarity, warn on no-deal RT
#BIGMAC: Trump’s Burgers, King "Censured", Twitter Pro-Sharia #BREXIT via
What now for Brexit? Christian MPs have their say
BREXIT...CAN YOU FUCK OFF..YOU BORE ME SILLY. NO GIFS.
It is far easier to criticize Corbyn,who deserves it,than to find a way out of this Brexit mess.
#Brexit won't happen. We have been sold a lie. This has been a smoke screen to pass all their other vile policies. They've achived that. The damage is done.
Yep. He would offer to cancel brexit in a heartbeat if doing so made him PM.
Sigh. I don't think I will listen to the commons debate this afternoon... will wait for twitter to tell me the result
Dreamer! It's a beautiful dream, I love the optimism but I think you underestimate the Tories and their MSM lapdogs like #bbcnews etc. Winning a general election will not be easy. If it even happens.
Morgan kills jug ears here....
Will Tories MPs vote themselves out of their cushy jobs OR the DUP vote themselves out of the most power they have or ever will hold? My guess is... will they fuckers like. #Brexit #NoConfidenceMotion
Afternoon’s productivity now halved by purpetualols at the 11-y-o Jacob Rees-Mogg line …
#Macron: Referendum 'manipulated' by #fakenews, 'everybody' scared of No Deal
Brian, I finally partially agree with u. Leaving the EU is a great thing 4 the countries that had joined (not all did). The EU was never a good idea cause it was like us here in the USA, tax payers work for those lazy (not the real needy) that refuse to work. They like freebies.
While an agreed Brexit settlement, including a transitional period for negotiation of a free trade agreement, may yet be possible: every prudent business will note that the time available to reach such an agreement is now very short.
Those Labour Leave seats are now all majority for PV though. Also they don't "need a Labour Brexit" when 46 Labour backbenchers represent constituencies which have switched from Leave to Remain.
Sure.., a game to be watched eagerly by spectators sitting on their free seat across the Globe. Leaking their wounds.., one thing I hate about the so called "Democracy" built on "winner takes all" #BrexitVote #Brextinct
JO'B with the MysticMoran
why would he stick to her brexit failures when he can point out things that she’s done wrong that have gone unnoticed lmao
Parliament must truly take back control now to prevent May dragging us all down into the Brexit abyss. We need an A50 extension now for a People’s Vote before it is too late
So let's not do this to ourselves, eh, Canada? Vote Liberal or Green or NDP this year.
needs to prepare as best it can, for Tory Hard Brexit and after our independence from these loonies
Appears that brexit MPs had to learn the hard way that EU's 4 freedoms are actually indivisible and the GFA isn't a trivial document. Congrats to Grieve for the motion to be discussed on Monday. Brexit is now a beaten wretch. Arrogance won't allow UK ignore international treaties
BBC News - WTO rules: What happens if there's a no-deal Brexit?
Why are Remainers so happy? Right now, Britain is on course for a no-deal Brexit
He would be the most unrelateable PM ever. Id give it Boris. At least he wanted Brexit and if we are going to continue down this path, then we may as well have someone in charge that actually voted leave.
I don't fear a Corbyn government. He won't last 5 minutes. He has spent his life spouting deluded left wing crap. It would be quite satisfying watching him get slowly ruined. Corbyn is a deluded activist with nothing to offer. His premiership would be short lived. #Brexit #PMQs
May campaigned for Remain. went into negotiations with : No plan. No contingencies. Three brexit secretaries in 2 years. Lost biggest parliamentary vote in history yesterday. Refusal to work with other parties... it goes on. The EU have already said they would negotiate Corbyn.
#Brexit democracy: no parliament.
Let’s just do it then! See how you like it then!
U.K. parliament rejects the Brexit deal by an overwhelming majority! Will this decision trigger the next significant disruption of supply chains, and what impact will it have on both these and businesses within the U.K.? Let us know your thoughts! #Brexi…
Thread/ My 2 cents after pondering events and statements since the UK parliament sank the deal last night: 1/ May &amp; team saw the magnitude of the defeat coming and did nothing to avoid it. Instead they prepared for a motion on confidence in the government. #Brexit #FBPE
Theresa May faces vote of no confidence as Brexit crumbles #NigerianTribune
BBC News - Brexit: Can May find common cause in Parliament? No vomment needed
Big problems are huge debts just for basic living expenses &amp; property/rental expenses which have all been heavily manipulated since late 90s/2000. High level manipulation exposed from world financial crisis in 2008 has now been joined by #Brexit criminal manipulation of democracy
The Daily 202: From Brexit to NATO and the shutdown, Putin is winning so much he might get tired of winning
If you have changed your stay decision to leave/Brexit, then please allow the country to change their minds, especially as we all have more information now than previously.
Via : The Daily 202: From Brexit to NATO and the shutdown, Putin is winning so much he might get tired of winning
maybe if theresa may did this she would have won her brexit deal vote
The Daily 202: From Brexit to NATO and the shutdown, Putin is winning so much he might get tired of winning
Brexit turmoil ups drinks industry concerns as logistics group calls for 'No Brexit'
Please tell me how a #PeoplesVote will solve anything.
Someone let me know when Ian Blackford sits down so I can unmute the Tele #brexit
Use this as the new Brexit advert
this column is gold - and if ever there was a lesson everyone in Parliament needed "you need to stop acting like Mariah Carey" is it
An interesting quote on the mess that is #Brexit. “This is not a fork in the road for Brexit, but a spaghetti junction,” said Anthony Gillham, Quilter Investors head of investments....
A Guardian column on Brexit—hilarious, and a nice distraction from our own politics.
Maybe you and Palmerston can come up with a joint #Brexit Plan B?
Why are you a lord if you go against democracy!
#Brexit Morons.
I very little about #Brexit and even less about UK politics, but John Bercow is amazing.
Keep strong &amp; on the right path, keep explaining how #Brexit will work &amp; continue rubbishing #projectfear. We support you
That's where the smart money has been. A majestic country like the UK, the cradle of Churchill, cannot be constrained by Brussels; that goes against nature. The EU is highly unpopular these days.
Yes, this whole stupid mess has been brought about by a few very selfish ( trying to be nice) people. #PeoplesVote and implement result immediately.
He's a bit of a bellend, but this is a scary summary
My plan would be for a 12 month extension. All brexit groups propose their brexit solution. EU passes comment on these. Parlt then chooses the bestest option. This is put to a PV Vs remain. This makes the ERG and Corbyn actually write down and defend their plan
Companies cry out for Brexit clarity, warn on no-deal
Brexit will make all those things worse, if we can sort Brexit i.e. admit it's a huge mistake, then politicians can get back to the important issues in society including those you have rightly pointed out, poverty is killing the country, Brexit will only exacerbate the problem
Fine, but please somebody, tell me who can deliver it if not TM and JC.
‘NO RENEGOTIATION’ Merkel smashes Brexit hopes and says Article 50 extension is ‘FICTION’
You know what to do :-)
Asking a serious question. Can the party put forward a vote of no confidence in Jeremy Corbyn? If he refuses to be the voice of the majority of the party, why can’t we force him out? Labour won’t win a GE while he’s leader and most know this #Brexit #VoteOfNoConfidence
As I’ve been saying since 2017: it is intolerable that Britain should be governed, effectively, by 10 tribalist throwbacks from the DUP. Clinging to power from the tassels of the orange sash is no way to run a 21st century state. #Brexit is the perfect chance for #IrishUnity
Shouter also doesn’t realise many of those who voted against May were arch Brexiters. Brexit-supporting newspapers been quite opaque on this.
What a gorgeous idea. May have to suggest that at school/local library. So sad that with Brexit going on &amp; on, important things like illiteracy (in both children &amp; adults, esp. prisoners) is being ignored. Makes even more fundamental for future generations of readers.
Lots of Political "experts" on here today #Brexit #BrexitVote
I watched UK tabloids for years as they railed against the 'hated EU' and made dire warnings about 'floods of immigrants'. It took decades of work, but looking at the desperation with which some people cling to resulting delusions, it's been time well spent for them. #Brexit
Apparently £500mil is spent on brexit each week like wtf
Unfortunately, I think he's right. Can anyone see Parliament avoiding No Deal?
#svpol No deal brexit it is then.
#AdamSmithInstitute Mother of negations and HH invited a pro-Brexit think tank's paedophile to party.....why? #BrexitShambles #EU Nov 2018:
#Brexit #TheresaMay It’s Hard Brexit, God save the Europe
Brexit full of lies and it’s criminal ...
What jobs will be lost after Brexit? Facts only please.
We was never gonna get a "Deal" from the EU, the whole future of the EU gravy train depends on the UK failing, if the UK makes a success of Brexit the EU is finished!
Genius. This guy has got the solution which I thought didn’t exist. Must-read.
Absolutely everyone expects Theresa May to survive this confidence vote. But, with respect, that's what they said about Brexit. And Trump. And then, we had polls. This time we're dealing with, what, a margin of 9 MPs? No way, I'm not leaving the office until the count is in.
I wish I didn't need the subtitles.
Everything is usually bigger in the U.S but we can out trump you on the political turmoil front with #Brexit bollocks #Shutdown #BrexitVote #GilletteAd #wednesdaythoughts #
The slime is really coming out of the woodwork now....
Listening to earlier we had a timely reminder of when we had more clarity on Brexit. #RedWhiteAndBlueBtexit .
this brexit debate is making me feel sick. what is the point of talking about May's bad record on poverty etc? her backbencher extreme brexiteer MPS are GLAD she has made Britain unfairer and they want hard brexit so they can make it even more unfairer. so frustrating
Just a gentle reminder... #Brexit
The furthest flung ancestors I have are a great great grandmother from Devon and great great grandparents from Blaenau Ffestiniog. Bugger.
Are there not enough bloody doughnuts in there already?! #brexit
ROFL
If UK = GB + NI, GB = E + S + W, NI = IoI - RoI and Brexit = EU - UK, then #Brexit = LOL
He's absolutely right though regardless of how much a fool he can be. Brexit effects everyone in the UK and yet it's being negotiated by a party who represent particular interestsl. Ludicrous
Putin's very own POTUS is doing his job. IMPEACH TRIMP NOW!
What are you going to do about this? #darkads
You can't just keep shouting 'stop brexit' impotently forever
One thing I do reject, as someone who voted Brexit, is people saying if the vote was to remain, nobody would've moaned and we wouldn't have had dialogue about another Brexit vote. I think we would've eventually. Evidence is the continued dialogue about Scottish independence.
This by still remains completely on point.
#Brexit May-be.
It is not up to me, as a humble Brit, to lecture Guy on how to behave. But I think it's time the you kept your nose out of our business, thanks.
Did Parliament have a meaningful vote on May's Brexit deal?
COMPLAINT - your online streaming is currently airing a buffoon (AKA Anthony). Referencing the shoes a PM wears and calling Brexit a matter for England, were just two examples of stupidity. I hope you never invite this buffoon for his thoughts again.
Cons know they are home and dry untill the next Brexit vote, so they don't care.
After historic Brexit defeat, Britain's Theresa May faces a no-confidence vote
Has anyone considered making 'Wake me up before you go go' the official song of #Brexit ?
When a person blatantly puts the wants of their political party over the needs of the nation they want to govern, well, fuck you, Corbyn. As bad as May is, Brexit is much worse.
Leave is anything but the sensible thing to do.... nearly every economist, including the current chancellor say that in all their modelling ANY version of Brexit harms us economically and that is before we get to the social and geopolitical impact.
Of course they were!
Hold a Second Brexit Referendum via
A second referendum is an easy way out for MPs – but not for democracy | Chris Bickerton
Jeremy Corbyn Tables Vote of ‘No confidence’ in May &amp; Tory Brexit Shambles
No Daniel but do we believe will work towards a Brexit 17.4m will support. She will fudge a deal with Labour to keep us in the EU. Why haven't Tory MPs and MEPs forced her out.
Not going to happen...
Hopefully to sort out and stop Brexit, but that is clearly not the case!
Mad to think MPs are in such a mess over Brexit when every spunkjaw on Twitter with two fingers seems to know "the only possible way forward".
The vote was built on an altar of lies. A hard brexit would destroy your economy overnight, and if I was an MP, I would be in no rush to destroy my country over a flawed, disingenuous reasoning that was never, ever going to come to fruition by leaving.
I heard Maybot say yesterday that it is not her intention to run down the clock to a no deal #brexit. That'll be what's happening then #tories #Liars
Verhofstadt: Brexit cannot be delayed beyond May. Good, so let’s now focus on the legal default option, a managed WTO exit..
Long-Bailey says it is not 'automatic' Labour would back second referendum if it fails to get election, reports -
we might need the Archbishop of Canterbury to intervene! Who else can pull some rank over her??
#DAISYBLUEBELLE #etsy shop #ECO-Friendly bamboo TRAVEL MUG #CANARYWHARF Biodegradable coffee mug use again and againbutterfly or flower design ##birthday #coffee #Brexit #stylish #canarywharf #coffeelover #coffeegift #newhomegift
Your deluded mate they take yrs and leaving on 29th with no transition will bring UK to a standstill they need to revoke article 50 till someone has a clue to actually deliver brexit for everybody
Recording for in today on the latest #Brexit developments, following the defeat of the Prime Minister's #Brexitdeal last night. See what I have to say tonight from 6pm UK time on or click to watch it online:- #BrexitVote
No, the executive CAN be bypassed in Parliament. That was the whole point of the bill. The executive would have to take that bill to the EU once it has been voted through parliament, which she would be "honoured bound" to do, if she is to deliver a Brexit at all.
But he was driving the bus... It will be his last big job if he doesn't prevent #NoDealBrexit ... No Deal was always in the gift of #EU &amp; delivered a bad deal... Bad deals never last... #Brexit
ofc he doesn’t, as soon as it didn’t work in his favour he fucked off and left the job to someone else and now British politics is chaos
#EuropeanMarket "Carmakers [...] are not expecting much of a reprieve in 2019. Concerns for a disorderly #Brexit have gotten worse and economic growth is slowing in Germany, the region’s biggest market."
What he said ...
At last the truth
What makes you think JC wants a closer relationship? I always thought he was a pro Brexit Eurosceptic
Guessing it has to do w how they voted against Brexit in UK, and this could mean the end of Theresa MAYs time as British PM
Theresa May keeps attacking Jeremy Corbyn, plans to sideline him from cross-party Brexit talks — RT UK News #
I'll post this now, since we know how this will play out, but will probably repeat a variant of it tonight: "Theresa May wins vote of no confidence. Nothing changes. Brexit rollercoaster keeps right on chugging towards the break in the track."
Brexit and no-confidence vote: Opposition Leader Corbyn targets removal of "zombie government" that "cannot govern"!
When you try to stop your country from yeeting it out of Europe but end up being yeeted out of government #brexit #NoConfidenceVote
#brexit planning... except for the access to fresh bananas, of course.
This Saturday morning. Free tickets...
Previous generations had Winston Churchill and Franklin Roosevelt. Harold Macmillan and John Kennedy. Margaret Thatcher and Ronald Reagan. In 2019, the fate of the West depends on Theresa May and Donald Trump.
GLOBAL MARKETS-Global shares weather May's Brexit debacle, pound steadies
Stopping mid jog to talk abou Brexit the carry on with your jog is pretty fucking good comedy
"From #Brexit to #NATO and the #shutdown, #Putin is winning so much he might get tired of winning."
EU Expresses Horror at Brexit Vote, Refuses to Reopen Deal
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK Do you get it, ? Pursuing Brexit is playing Putin's hand.
May suffers heaviest parliamentary defeat of a British PM in the democratic era
An excellent point. Not sure she would lose a GE right now though.
Jeremy Corbyn is part of the problem and also part of the solution. If the Labour Party had had a proper leader, Mrs May would not have called the 2017 election and lost her majority. If the Labour Party had a proper leader, we would be in greater danger of Brexit being reversed.
Irish PM denies having secret no-deal Brexit plan for border checks
Here's Proof Theresa Mays Deal is betraying the 17.4 million people who voted to Leave the EU
Petsonally, I liked your ramblings about "England" and #brexit the best. Today you seem a little slow coming up with absurdities.
I bet he doesn’t regret skullfucking a pig either. The man is a disgrace.
A second referendum is looking more likely by the day and the pro-Brexit supporters continue to throw their toys out of their prams on the fear they will lose!
They were given the most simple and straightforward of instruction 2 and a half years ago, but all they can do is solipsistically fanny about forever. Being in the EU has robbed these numpties of their basic grasp of politics. Brexit now!
Only if Brexit will not happen
Why should he stop Brexit? Are you for a dictatorship? Sounds like it. You're a Sith not a Jedi, Obi. Remember: "This is how democracy dies, to thunderous applause". If you love the Imperial senate so much then you should join them, the Empire will welcome you. (p.s. TLJ sucks)
Brexit is turning into Breaksit, this might just be the end of the UK
The media really don't help with all this BREXIT shambles. Its already certain May will not lose the confidence vote and yet papers are keen to stoke the possibility for hits and readers. The question should be on the BREXIT vote, not this pointless theatre.
Considering May can’t bring us a good deal I really do believe we should have another vote. Do it properly. Set a margin and make it a mandatory vote. This is too important for people to sit on their backsides. Brexit was built on lies from all sides. Lay it out on the table &amp;
it another vote i vote iout
Quite - and I understand fully how it works - but a UK government with some of the most unpopular, draconian policies in history using the mantra over Brexit of "it's the will of the people" is pretty selective!
People voted for a Brexit. The failure of Parliament and the PM to effect a workable midway deal does not change that fact; it merely means that the PM and Parliament are incompetent, and should therefore be replaced at the earliest electoral opportunity.
Timeline of key events leading up to Brexit vote: LONDON (AP) — A timeline of key events related to Britain's decision to leave the European Union: #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachKavanaugh #TheResistance
WE FULLY ENDORSE THIS TWEET and CLEARLY SAY. EVERY PRO #BREXIT PERSON MUST READ THIS TWEET. ESPECIALLY and plus who has more to say on Brexit than any UK Citizen.
If you’re a Flight Attendant in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a failure for you. If you live in Yorkshire and the Humber then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this debacle! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
UK should've agreed what it wants BEFORE triggering A50. It is gross negligence for May, Corbyn &amp; Parliament starting Brexit WITHOUT agreeing what they want! The whole Brexit is disgrace for UK Parliamentary democracy. EU interest is to stay out of it &amp; follow the rule of law
Lol this tweet ffs. Yes, surprisingly people do care about their country being on the brink of disaster. Pleased you got good ratings though. Maybe you can wangle a pay rise after brexit
I don't really understand what's going on with #Brexit anymore, should I be stockpiling Teabags?
I still believe she never read it, how could she have &amp; then carry on saying it delivered brexit &amp; got us out &amp; took back control, When even Non politicians could clearly see it did not
creating the best lead #generating #sign up #form #landing pages.get your #landing page done by me.i am Always ready to work with new challenges.. see my offers:
how do I stop that crap coming through my door from your posties?? #wetherspoons #brexit #PeoplesVote
Parliament is deadlocked. Brexit is in chaos. The people must now be given the chance to fix this mess. That's what's . Sign the petition at #LetUsDecide
Now for the Brexit #hottake you’ve all been waiting for. and I on Theresa May’s next steps, why Brexit will probably go to the wire, and why political division is here to stay.
The 1st is not on offer, and there is no consensus even if it was!
meanwhile, away from Brexit...
When asked what she thought of a Scandinavia/Mexico style Brexit the PM reportedly said "Norway, Jose."#BrexitVote #PMQs
You're in the mess you're in because of the Brexit vote based on manipulation and deceit. #Brexit
So the EU military (Germany &amp; France) will invade Britain to keep them in? Steve Hilton: Original intent of Brexit - restoring freedom and sovereignty - buried by inept bureaucrats
Brexit deal defeat makes 'softer, later' exit more likely: Goldman Sachs: A vote in Britain's parliament on Tuesday crushing Prime Minister May's deal to leave the European Union has made a softer, later… #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachKavanaugh #TheResistance
Brexit biscuit? No, too hard Or Ooo wouldn't mind if I do. Tea and biscuits with Ed Miliband in an alternative chaotic dimension.
So what country is everyone planning to move to after brexit
This is glorious for #brexit - Giant billboards appear reminding Brexiteers of their own words
"Nobody before has ever said that to my face." Ex-Brexit Secretary #DavidDavis responds to Emily Maitlis' suggestion that those cabinet ministers who resigned, rather than support #TheresaMay, took the "coward's way out".
So has the #leaseholdscandal
Plan B #Brexit
I'm on the right side of history, Brexit is a pox on this nation. And like I said earlier, I've been laughing all day, May is on the ropes and Brexit is losing blood pressure and is about to enter intensive care. Brexit is coming to an end whether you like it or not!
So the UK is either headed for no deal, a softer Brexit or cancelling the whole thing altogether. And different members of the cabinet are arguing for all those options. Theresa May saying "let me be clear" isn't helping. It's a snafu. #StupidBrexit
Working class boy this one #brexit
Parliament is deadlocked. Brexit is in chaos. The people must now be given the chance to fix this mess. That's what's . Sign the petition at #LetUsDecide
That is not BREXIT, we did NOT vote for your BRINO, if you cannot support the wishes of the people you should resign, Remainers are going to pay the price at the next GE.
DEFEATED: British Parliament REJECTS May’s Brexit Deal!!! via
Take another vote and get it over with already
Director of Policy has just appeared on to talk about the reaction of Bristol businesses to last night's meaningful vote on Brexit #BrexitVote
Brexit: May will liefern #Brexit
Stop #Brexit 'fantasies' and back #PeoplesVote, bosses urge An #original #poem by #amwriting #poetry #indieauthor #selfpublishing and proud #peaceandlove
So the ERG has no confidence in Theresa May as Leader of the Conservative Party, but we should have confidence in her as Prime Minister of the UK? #brexit #NoConfidence
No it’s about to position labour as a PRO EU party first with a meaningful case about how a EU should be; that will take years; but: the issue with brexit is longterm and therefore the uk can afford to be out for some years.1/
"How would you vote if another European Union referendum was held today?” #Brexit
I hate how much I enjoy Piers Morgan.
"the reality of a no deal is likely to be disruptive, but not world-ending." Nobody suggest No Deal would be perfect but we cannot be afraid to accept to reject a bad deal, in favour of a more ambitious WTO Brexit #LetGoWTO
With all of the Brexit panic, don't forget Tories still relentlentlessly continue their inhumane policies of poverty &amp; deprivation. Just yesterday before the #Brexitvote, they announced changes set to leave many pensioners up to £600 worse off every month:
I try to understand Brexit but damn that shit is confusing
Pretty sure his plan is to crash out of the of the EU on March 29, 2019 with a no-deal Brexit.
It didnt trend only cause of spiderman trailer and brexit stuff... and i used her bd hashtag more than i do for my own ults, btw jisoo wont have trend 1st if marvel dropped the teaser of spiderman on her bd u know, yall got the best year of ur life and u cry for this shit
thinks that a #PeopelsVote will result in a larger majority in favour of #Brexit. Unfortunately he may be correct but despite that, it is still the best way forward to finally resolve this toxic issue.
My feeling, is that Brexit, is just nominalistic? Ordinary people, were looking for a stick, with which to hit a system that they saw as “usury”. Political and financial classes have used smoke and mirrors to line their pockets for too long.. yes, sort of a revolution
I‘m no expert but I think engaging in a game of chickenshit with a freight train when you’re sitting on a tricycle is just not a good idea. #Brexit
Thing is they're all bad as each other and all have different issues they tend to discredit because they're "Mp's". Absolute shambles but I guess there's only 1 winner and thats the word "brexit"
No need for 4 long-term ‚plan’ when you most certainly know what you’re [not] doing, or could, would, should [not] [have] [done]. #BREXIT #uk #WhatsHappeningNext #TheVeryDefinitionOfAPlan #GoalsGoalsGoals #FEBtheMonthOfPlanning #PlentyOfSpaceForImprovment
Thats what Putin desires and the way it will end up. When Trumps is going down he will withdraw from NATO and drag the liberal world with him. The core reason I follow US politics. Merkel leaving, Macron weakened, Brexit in a mess. The new dawn for Putin and China.
Well said
Why would an anti brexit MP support a vote which could lead to a GE where both parties are pro brexit?
Would you say that what you voted for will be achieved? I was of the belief that brexit looked good before the vote. I was happy for it to happen. That idea has not been carried out at all. This is not the same vote. It’s a vote for the current situation. Not a redo
I wonder how much would have gotten done if every MP and all their support staff had actually been working on other stuff and not focusing on the EU/Brexit stuff? I thought we elected them to do more than just Brexit bash.
And quite clearly, you are either off your heads, or lying to the public. Your Brexit Deal nothing of the sort!
How is it possible to be so unprepared at this point?! Leave campaign funded by Russians and built on lies. Foreign influence campaign stoking fear/anger/division ahead of Brexit vote. How can the people not insist on voting again knowing what they know now?
Battening down the hatches for no deal Brexit.
#Business | Companies cry out for Brexit clarity, warn on no-deal #RTGFinance
It's called corruption!!!
I see Ian Blackford and Nicola Sturgeon are making the Brexit debate all about Scottish Independence,well it is their only afraid they like a lot do not respect the result of referendums,keep having them until you get the result you want.
Had great fun designing this with – can you find a way out of this Brexit deadlock in our game?
For all you British German speakers: play on words with Tesa May as in Tesafilm, the German for Sellotape. Sticking to her monstrous deal, stubbornly not listening to anyone. #Brexit Tragedy turned to farce. Dangerously stupid.
No. No we don’t. We need a coherent policy on Brexit. Something you’ve been unable to offer these past two years. Put your country and your party first Mr Corbyn.
Join our free seminar on the post-Brexit economy, with , , and the Guardian's Larry Elliott. Co-hosted by the SPC and the Department of Politics and Society at . Tickets here:
This.
Totally agree, I voted remain, hate the idea of Brexit (for me, my children and grand children) but believe in democracy and honoring the referendum. I think leave would win again or the margin would be even closer than last time (one way or the other) How would that help?
Great piece on the role Freight Forwarders are likely to play in cleaning up the mess that is Brexit. We're confident that they will do a better job that those currently holding the mops and buckets! #Brexit #Marchthe29thiscoming #FreightForwarders
BBC News - Brexit: Theresa May's deal is voted down in historic Commons defeat
#lbc #brexit #EU #Europe #gmb #leave #goodmorningbritain #london #poland #polish and so it begins
Tbf maybe the EU should just kick us out. We are a shambles of a country! #Brexit
LUFC now peeking in the brexit meetings, will they never learn
I think there is an element of Labour having some voters "on loan" from other parties. If they do not deliver to Remain voters who backed Labour to be the NotBrexitAtAnyPrice choice. If Labour stays pro-brexit that support will go elsewhere or not vote.
The man literally runs off... like that's surely taking the piss at this point
Be good st politics, didn’t answer The Brexit question
Theresa May (with a straight face) has just said her government is one which tackles the burning injustices of poverty, inequality and discrimination... #VoteofNoConfidence #Brexit #Tories
Where are our MP's comments on this huge defeat? We know the uncertainty is causing concern to many constituents. #BrexitShambles
I’m on a train from Bristol back to MCR with work and there are two nuns sitting behind me complaining about #brexit and how difficult it will be travelling across Europe if we crash out!!!! That’s right... ‘Nuns back #remain’ I think I need that on a t shirt.
Go and look at his voting record, he voted for the WA last night.... that will explain his views on #Brexit. This even though his constituency voted overwhelmingly to leave the EU. #ParliamentVPeople
Precisely. Plus you have to think, most people in the country are moderates. Stopping brexit would bring a resurgent UKIP into mainstream politics. Is that what remainers really want?
Explain what a soft Brexit means to you Owen?
"Macron on the state of Brexit"
Can we borrow Macron for the next parliament debate on Brexit options? Seems like he knows his stuff #Enarque #clarte #Klarheit
What’s going on with Brexit??? #activatethequeen
May’s Brexit Deal Failed. What Happens Now?
Combining the two biggest stories on social media this week and coming out with... Breggsit #brexit #worldrecordegg #breggsit
I agree! &amp; ofc the bigger problem is that there is no political collective will to facilitate Brexit. Sadly, I believe we are now very much in an establishment v the people situation &amp; I can’t see how overcome this #DrainTheSwamp
Government ‘sneaks out’ £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote
This. Also, I'm sick of leavers with empire nostalgia - yearning for the days where we had a superiority complex, stole from and killed millions of people. "The good old days" eh? We literally left destruction in our wake. It's shameful.
Whole process so far has cost billions. Now they want to waste more. At the start we were fifth largest economy. Now sixth soon to be seventh. How much more pain before you wake up? Brexit was a con. Millions going out each week to off-shore tax havens.
How Dare Those Calling For 2nd Referendum "For Sake Of Brexit -Voters" Have Gall To Fake Concern( they don't give a sh*t about us-they r EUFanatics)We Voted To Leave The EU, Not For a Treacherous Treaty Keeping Us In It. Get Us Out March 29th 2019 !!!
Companies cry out for Brexit clarity, warn on no-deal - Reuters
You break it you buy it #Brexit #EU
Companies cry out for Brexit clarity, warn on no-deal
True.. 2.2M, of which nearly 250k are pensioners who will lose their pension / medical privilege if they stay / no housing or benefits if they come back. We all deserve better than this! #FBPE #ABTV if no #PeoplesVote Prevent an "accidental Brexit"
100% for a People's Vote. Such damaging and divisive decisions should never be made on such tiny majorities. Asking voters to confirm their wishes is democratic and sensible, given we now know it's either No Deal or no Brexit; continuing to stumble blindly on is foolish. #Brexit
You know the stuff that prime ministers have traditionally been busy doing before Brexit was a thing? Who is doing all of that?
Corbyn has no guts. This is not the leadership which UK needs. Trying to use the Brexit mess only for what he thinks is in Labour’s interest is so poor.
#important #news #international After Defeat on #Brexit Plan, Theresa #May Faces No-Confidence Vote #britain #socialmedia #Leaders #leadership #Influencer #newsmedia #economic
As in the plan for Brexit is no conned
More Tory misrule OVERRIDES the fact that I voted remain. Brexit was a Tory-led distraction from their failing economic polices. A Corbyn-Led UK Government - could INSPIRE Europe to help their own "disenfranchised" - away from Right-Wing "solutions". #GTTO #JC4PM2019
. has been entrusted to lead cross party Brexit talks after May’s defeat. He’s a prominent remainer and should not be trusted.
What should be doing after that ghastly #Brexit defeat
..“drinking alone in her kitchen. I guess Elizabeth Warren wanted to start her campaign the same way Hillary ended hers…” #Trump #QAnon #News #Brexit #TrumpTrain #BuildTheWall #2A #1A #QARMY #Q #WednesdayThoughts #GOP
Recent poll suggests that 72% of members want one. needs to end his fantasy brexit policy and be clear about what he wants.
Someone commented this in a Brexit debate yesterday:
I don’t know, I guess I would be curious to find out what the public actually want. Be it Brexit with a deal, Brexit with no deal, no Brexit or some other option. I don’t know how else to find that out other than another (more detailed) vote.
Spider Man might be able to save the #Brexit
An overall majority these days would require Scottish independence, the removal of Northern Ireland from the UK, and the transformation of either Labour or the Tories into the Lib Dems. No chance. #Brexit #BrexitVote #NoConfidenceVote #NoConfidenceMotion
Brexit #ThingsThatAreBadForYourHealth
Didn't even know we had over 600 mps, i honestly thought we had maybe 300 based on most votes on almost everything else. At least i learn something from the brexit vot today
DT Robert Halfon MP #WorkingHard4Harlow: RT Janine Gibson: The nation’s experts on news channels desperately trying to explain where we are on Brexit
#Brexit: After the meaningful vote: What are Theresa May's options? | Centre for European Reform #Article50
Just seen a Pole bring interviewed on saying he supports Brexit because of immigrants ... Irony is dead #BrexitChaos
Steve Hilton: Original intent of Brexit - restoring freedom and sovereignty - buried by inept bureaucrats
This had better not be true. (But fear it could well be.) Anyone who is not with today is against and the UK as a whole. #GetTheToriesOut
Plan B for #Brexit
how will we be “global” by removing ourself from a union and effectively isolating ourselves through the no-deal brexit you desire?
Good thing the Magna Carta says "(...) if þe Pryme Ministre fucketh uppe majorly, þe Kynge or Qween shall regaine thereupon His or Her powre and rule as in olde tymes (...)" #brexit
.......................uh ok i guess
This... why are we still arguing about this failed attempt? No current good options exist and not as many want this as was believed any more...
Getting sick of all this #brexit shit, just leave already the EU is a government of nothing, they are a body of rich bastards tryin to run the world. all this scare mongering is bullshit. We all seen that nazi ranting about giving up sovereignty. They need us. We don't need them
Lots of gems in this article, from the brilliant Marina Hyde.
creating the best lead #generating #sign up #form #landing pages.get your #landing page done by me.i am Always ready to work with new challenges.. see my offers:
How two-faced these 117 politicians are:
Dear god, politicians really behave like children these days. Maybe even worse. I think there's more people showing respect and paying attention in school than in the parliament. Concerning. Really concerning. #Brexit
And it's been spaffed on fridges. Have a participation medal.
Companies cry out for Brexit clarity, warn on no-deal -
pragmatic #brexit hack: make #BluePassport edible
You didn't see the focus group scene in 'Brexit: The Uncivil War' did you?
If Brexit is morally abhorrent what is remain?
This is a remarkable speech by a brilliant politician. What a pity that there were so few in the house to hear it!
#Brexit #BrexitVote #GiletsJaunes #Leftistmadness Enspired by the absolute idiocy of the politcal sphere of the UK
I managed to convert my mother from Lyons to Barry's with this information a few years back.
UK should have agreed what it wants BEFORE triggering A50. It is gross negligence for May, Corbyn &amp; Parliament starting Brexit WITHOUT knowing what they want FFS! The whole Brexit is disgrace for UK Parliamentary democracy.
British Prime Minister Theresa May suffers devastating historic defeat on key Brexit vote, antisemite Corbyn calls for no confidence vote - Geller Report -
Michel Barnier admits EU has never been so afraid of no deal and demands UK breaks Brexit deadlock
Comrade Corbyn knows a lot about the IRA, Hamas, Cuba and Russia though -fair dues. ;)
May’s Brexit Deal Failed. What Happens Now?
So a pro authoritarian fruit loop thinks we give a damn about his anti Brit anti Britain anti #Brexit rants. He's a stupid as he looks.
EU and UK are nearing a ‘no deal’ Brexit neither want: Moscovici
Technically the #Brexit referendum was only advisory but politicians constructed their own trap by saying they would consider themselves bound by it. And now it’s clear that there is no #Brexit that makes any sense, do they have a way out?
#Brussia #Brussians #Brexists So that is that
EU and UK are nearing a ‘no deal’ Brexit neither want: Moscovici
Some insights on what effects continued Brexit uncertainty may have on #UKconstruction:
think you’ve misunderstood The vote would have secured an orderly Brexit. Instead the chances of Brexit being withdrawn has increased. And the chances of a disorderly exit has increased. Both have increased as chances of a orderly Brexit has dramatically decreased
Poll: Should the UK hold a second Brexit referendum?
Parliament is deadlocked. Brexit is in chaos. The people must now be given the chance to fix this mess. That's what's is campaigning for. Sign the petition at #LetUsDecide
's #News Newsletter for Jan 16 is out, featuring “MPs to vote on May's Brexit deal - live”
David Cameron: ‘I don’t regret’ calling ##Brexit referendum: Former U.K. Prime Minister David… #Brexit #Politico
The sad part of it is that millions of Brexit Supporters still believe we can manage perfectly well. They seem unable to grasp the difference between tough negotiations with the EU as a member and tough negotiations as a soon to be non member.
The latest The Shamberger Daily! #upyourgame #brexit
PM could offer a Parly commission on #brexit future relationship and a citizen's assembly as a way to break the stalemate from December
Brexit lures numerous financial institutions to Germany - watchdog
* Lord of the Flies.
MP's voting with the Government tonight will be aiding and abetting #SocialMurder. They will have blood on their hands. Nobody died through Brexit, but #ToryAusterity kills thousands each day. Stop #Tory #SocialMurder #MayMustGo
u know nowt of what Scotland wants/needs! No unionist can trusted + most ppl in Scotland can now see this (finally!) After everything #Brexit is about 2 do Scotland, its economy + its natural resources, the only party trying 2 save Scotland is ! #Indyref2
Do ERG want a CU? Or do they want a No Deal Brexit?
From Brexit, to Netflix, and markets around the world, here's what you need to know this morning...
All voting for Theresa May in the no confidence vote tonight. Internal Tory democracy: Theresa May - VOTE FOR ME OR HAVE THE WHIP REMOVED + NO RESELECTION COME THE NEXT ELECTION when vote of no confidence happens after Brexit vote. GRAVYTRAIN overrides all.
If you are ready for Brexit, then you can save the embarrassment of Theresa May, and announce to the world there will be NO Deal.
'Hurry up!': How Europe reacted to Theresa May's crushing Brexit defeat #lbc #fbpe #libdems #conservatives #labour #plaidcymru #snp #ukip #abtv #waton #stupidbrexiteers #itvnews #bbcnews #c4news #5news #skynews #PeoplesVote #POLITICSLIVE #pmqs #BrexitVote
Read my Jan 16 Newsletter featuring “Michel Barnier insists rejected Brexit deal is still 'best compromise'”
Need to work on your 400 majority . It's a good job Brexit got in the way of the boundary changes proposed by the otherwise Broxtowe would be Red.
If you want to stop the Brexit, you have to stop the Brexit in your self.
Hello, I'm a t shirt designer. you need design. just order place.. my link..
In other words "why not focus on the horse race instead of boring policies"!
Much more likely to get civil unrest with brexit than with peoples vote but I know we disagree on that assessment.
Alternative ways to break Brexit deadlock #Brexit #UK #EU #Scotland #NI #Wales #England #Ireland #voters #politics #elections #economy #trade #finance #markets #investors
Amid Parliament’s #Brexit Rebellion, a Tectonic Shift in How #Britain Is Governed
The reality is Brexit can be stopped and that has become more realistic, so it's not exactly impotent. Whereas Corbyn is as far away from government as he's ever been
Problem is she’ll have to disappoint one group in her party eventually and there can be more confidence votes at any time. #brexit
Scotts &amp; Irish are asking for an opt-out of #Brexit. UK is on the brink of disintegration #Brexit
Their "Vox-pops" are consistently appauling. The people they speak to are almost always ignorant of the actual facts surrounding #Brexit. It's no wonder #Leave got the result they did back in 2016. The next referendum is going to be hard work but can still be won for #Remain.
The balls of this guy. He is the architect of this whole disaster, for mostly political considerations, and when it went bad, didn’t even stick around to own it. Amazed at the sheer level of arrogance and lack of self-introspection.
Maybe they will come to their senses... #brexit
Oh Paul. Russia fucked with the Brexit vote too. See ACTIVE MEASURES.
The latest The Ross Renton Daily! Thanks to #pmqs #brexit
It's quiet out there. Everyone holding out until we get some more Brexit clarity. Not sure we'll get that this evening unfortunately.
Our latest Quarterly Forecast shows global #travel resilience in the face of rising geopolitical tensions &amp; natural disasters (or in the case of the UK #Brexit ). All eyes on the spectre of a No-Deal on UK outbound potential across destinations, #Travel Forecast Model #Brexit
As they say down in Kerry, “I wouldn’t have started from here.” #Brexit
Great piece on the role Freight Forwarders are likely to play in cleaning up the mess that is Brexit. We're confident that they will do a better job than those currently holding the mops and buckets! #Brexit #Marchthe29thiscoming #FreightForwarders
I’ve missed the news for a couple of days – have they sorted Brexit out yet? Oh…
Why Brexit is a living hell for Jeremy Corbyn... not just Theresa May
#Brexit madness reaching hysteria: a year ago, a friend added me to a 'mummy' Whatsapp group I never read but have been unable to leave for fear of losing friends. Somebody there, who often offers advice on diapers &amp; schools, just asked me about 'no deal Brexit'. No one is a Brit
'PMQs showed pig-headed Theresa May's Brexit Plan B is Plan A in a cheap wig'
Fluffy is nothing short of a disgrace, disrespectful and ignorant
We need to learn from this
With everything going on in Parliament, it's time to remember on this day in 1919, the US Government introduced The 18th Amendment to the Constitution prohibiting the “manufacture, sale, or transportation of intoxicating liquors" (Prohibition) And you thought Brexit was a bugger
That's a high-level proposal based on supporting Brexit, not a detailed trade deal. And "bona fide skills". ha ha ha, sure...
Thought all six are tories
Brexit?
Theresa May omits Jeremy Corbyn from cross-party Brexit talks
#Brexit #NoConfidenceVote SNP are demanding a second independence referendum
What u think of brexit now am we still leaving on the 29th march
How is it possible that we can be at this stage in proceedings and yet we have MPs who still don't understand that their preferred end state will still require the Withdrawal Agreement to be passed? This level of ignorance is unsustainable.
No way that May can gain cross party consensus. Now need to ensure No Deal Brexit is ruled out Then drive for a referendum: May's Deal vs Remain This route is also in May's interests- her last chance to have the people approve her deal! Tempting option for her...
Has always been one of the most difficult junctions to navigate on a bike - let's hope this sorts it once and for all.
We should cancel article 50 just to annoy this guy.
If you want a change from the no-confidence debate, interesting David Davis evidence session on the conduct of the #Brexit negotiations currently underway with . *His* first cut of how the negotiations process operated.
Dear Britain, whatever your decision, make sure it’s not based on the advice of this man, who concocted a strategy that subsidized mass murder in Syria.
Listening to the SNP speech in the house of commons I am left with no doubt that Scotland will leave the UK if #Brexit is allowed to continue. Is breaking the union which is the UK worth it to the right-wing pro-brexit Tories? I am almost afraid it is.
UK failed to enforce EU air quality standards – what will happen after #Brexit? #ECHR incl clean air, quality of life #economy stupid
James Brokenshire outside the Brexit meetings...
They can get away with it falling on the excuse of Brexit...they vote to keep May in tonight, well let's just say its career suicide.
Believe it when i see it.
Brexit bedlam: May’s EU divorce deal crushed by 230 votes in parliament
Me keeping up with Brexit
Brexit : U.K. is facing an unprecedented constitutional crisis of a scale of 1600 when Charles I levied taxes arbitrarily or, of 1776--U.S. refusal to pay tax on tea whch led to war. Whether May remains/resigns is not material. How the country face the problem is imprtant
More than two-thirds of Germans, 71%, thinks Britain should hold another referendum on whether to leave the EU, per a YouGov poll commissioned by Handelsblatt. #Brexit #Germany #EU #Britain #UK
Brexit uncertainty hits house purchases - BBC News
Brexit: EU says it will not renegotiate Theresa May’s Brexit deal #brexit
The EU is the new URSS, Brexit is Brexit.
The BBC are interviewing people about Brexit in the middle of Lancaster today and there was an old man holding up a sign saying NO DEAL talking to them and I wish I could volunteer to be interviewed but I don’t think high pitched panic screaming would come across well on the news
treesa says hard brexit will cause chaos. what treesa isn't saying is that she is causing the chaos.. and now says an election will cause chaos. so the chaos that treesa causes leads to further chaos. and the tories have confidence in someone who loses and willing to drag down
Property firm Watkin Jones to stockpile materials ahead of Brexit - Evening Standard
I've happily managed to steer clear of the #Brexit nonsense since the vote but as the day draws nearer I can't wait for it to pass without incident, and to read the newspaper's laughable stories about panic on the streets of Great Britain.
‘Fish don’t do borders’: Life on the Irish Sea after a hard Brexit
Companies cry out for Brexit clarity, warn on no-deal
Brexit bedlam: May’s EU divorce deal crushed by 230 votes in parliament
Theresa May omits Jeremy Corbyn from cross-party #Brexit talks Old &amp; senile May is rabid anti working class!
Maybe its because Corbyn seems to want to support making poor people poorer with Brexit?
My prediction is that we won’t get a #PeoplesVote; will let everyone down with its endless pontificating. #NoConfidenceVote #Brexit
On assignment for , has been photographing the UK for the past two years, from the day it voted to leave the European Union. After last night's vote, the future of #Brexit is as uncertain as ever.
Maybe Arsene Wenger masterminded Brexit to hurt his rivals before he left
No Brexit! The country is hurting enough whether people voted to leave or remain. This country is in tatters! Remain, reform and re-build! #RevokeARticle50 #StopBrexitNow
you should give an alrtenative! Or it will be the same story as with Brexit - "we don't like what Theresa proposes but we don't have anything to suggest also''
Labour MPs declare support for second Brexit referendum
After doing nothing else for two years but preparing for Brexit!!
Who said they're running scared? It's a matter of principal. We voted but it's not beem implimented thanks to the jerks who don't like the result. Leave would easily win again, but it's not a vote on brexit we need, we need a brexit pm and then see where we're at.
The so-called PeoplesVote is now dead in the water. and his 'Centrist' plotting cronies should now ditch this PV Coup and get behind their party's 'Official' Brexit Policy, or resign the whip and GO via
Clearly Big Pedro has manipulated this Dog's Brexit to turn everybody's thoughts away from the transfer window. Where's our defenders big yin??!!
29th March #Brexit the#countdown Tick Tock #NoConfidenceVote #NoConfidenceMotion #ContentCreators #bloggerstribe #EUwithdrawal #blackwomenradicals #BlackWomenLead #feminista #PMQs #ends #FilmMakers #ConfidenceVote #Newsnight #Peston #lbc #politicslive #poor
But you still need the WA to pass Nick and it won't in it's current form. You can bang on about the post-Brexit deal til you're blue in the face. That doesn't change the fact that the WA is unacceptable. Unless you want to go WTO-2-EFTA your point is moot.
Brexit threatens UK’s growing car industry
In Britain Everyone Pretty much voted Brexit. Except Londonistan.
Brexit threatens UK’s growing car industry
Do people even know what a no-deal Brexit is or means? I doubt it. It’s not status quo numpties
Yes I have the #Courage of my father, uncles and grandfather who all fought for our #FREEDOM - #we MUST LEAVE! #NODEAL - we are a strong nation.. EU need us more than we need EU! #Brexit #LeaveMeansLeave
Question is: do I exchange for USD now or after Brexit for my 7 months in the states?
BBCNEWS 6:42am CONFIDENCE VOTE DEBATE. Theresa May: It's my 'duty to deliver on Brexit' " I
Take a bow sir! Honestly if a second referendum happens what a shambles! What is the point in voting! At the end of the day we have no control of what happens in our country and it’s down to these muppets! Safe to say government as a whole has ruined this country.
Clear concerns about a no deal Brexit from the Law Society..
I honestly feel like at this point brexit is no more than "we're doing this even if we go to shit because I said we were going to do this" when the better option is literally right there??? Ending up with a no deal situation will be so bad not only for the uk but also Europe
“I don’t put a breeze block in when I load my washing machine because it Brexit.”
Hard Brexit!!!
Well, Brexit may split the party and damage the Tories for evermore. No skin off my nose, though as I’ve never &amp; never will vote Tories.
Petition: Stop Brexit if parliament rejects the deal
If the 2nd referendum take place, will people accept the voting result for Brexit? Can voting referendum be the solution on building wall?
Onus at Westminster to find Brexit solutions, says Varadkar
John O'Farrell, right as usual! Are you doing a Brexit book?
Pound rises after 'meaningful' Brexit vote #Brexit #UK #EU #Scotland #NI #Wales #England #Ireland #voters #politics #elections #economy #trade #finance #markets #investors
Stopped watching them and visiting their website even for the football results since 1st Jan. I don't trust them. They showed their colours with the doctored Russian hat on Jeremy Corbin
With the EU elections coming up, EU 27 will never approve A50 extension which will be needed to implement legislation required to block a no deal brexit.
EXCLUSIVE: Councils warn Whitehall of Brexit risks via
First thing May needs to do is extend Brexit deadline: Sturgeon ReutersUS
#EUsongsOrBands Last Brexit To Brooklyn. via
Are you also baffled by what’s going on in Britain? This is a super helpful roadmap to the next few months!
There's a way out of May's Brexit hell - but are the Tories smart enough to spot it? via
#Brexit: MPs debate no-confidence motion after May's deal defeat – Politics live
No Brexit.
The regional Fed about financial and psychological damage from tariffs #Fed #Positioning #GDP #Brexit
If we ever meet I will. You were employed to negotiate it. And when the unicorns cantered off up the sunlit uplands you realised the Brexit you promised was not available and ran away. Why don’t you just go away.
The Tories are so blatantly transparent &amp; greedy for power that the very same individuals that brought a no confidence vote in the PM will vote tonight that they have confidence in this Government. Make no mistake the national interest is nowhere near being a priority. #Brexit
Sort of. As long as shes brexit she can say in engerland.,
#BrexitVote Firstly Corbyn is a Twat! Not helpful at all. In my opinion we need afew changes. Replace May as leader, she inept! Extend article 50 for atleast 8 months. Allow British citizens living in Europe before Brexit to remain on old rules.
Wrestling with Brexit?
That's because like most Tories, he's a spineless coward. They talk the talk, but bottle it when shit counts.
#BrexitConcerns from about staff numbers, the availability of medicines and access to European data and research, if we do commit Brexit. #StopBrexitSaveOurNHS
Kevin there is a third option that Taoiseach has agreed to move EU border to Irish ports in event of No Deal Brexit BUT Ross not aware. Can you check this out please? Very serious.
Why is it because of #brexit or is it because of the year of the product is mid year #3DPrinting
"The countries seem subject to a single ideological weather system — one that pits pro-globalization elites against a left-behind hinterland."
Brexit in a nutshell really.
#UK will lost her HONOR and RESPECT in the WORLD if #BREXIT FAILS.
Tickets for both!We booked climate change for about 80 yrs from now. Yes it’s prob inevitable,but we’re not currently drowning. However, good ship Brexit has just feckin rammed full speed into an iceberg.If we survive we might b stuck on that ‘berg with no jobs, no food &amp; no meds
Why are we still pursuing Brexit when we are all aware Leave overspent and cheated?!
it clearly isn't just FBPE that hate corbyn... despite being the worst government in history since universal suffrage, are STILL polling behind the fucking useless, incompetent, self-serving, amoral, elitist
UK should have agreed what it wants BEFORE triggering A50. It is gross negligence for May, Corbyn &amp; Parliament starting Brexit WITHOUT agreeing what they want FFS! The whole Brexit is disgrace for UK Parliamentary democracy.
Well said
Bloody Brexit.
Brexit IS reversible, but the Tory government has been paid to force it through, so as to damage UK and Europe both. Gosh, who could be behind this debacle?
“Brexit is worth”
With that in mind, i think (if there is a Brexit) under Labour, whatever deal gets made will reflect these possibilities and if there isn’t one available, they’ll go for a people’s vote
Going through GDPR and then ISO 27001 last year, we did a pretty thorough review of suppliers: dropped some, sorted out contractual stuff, etc. From a data protection / GDPR perspective, no deal would be a pain, as described in the linked ICO guidance.
Ever get the feeling you've been lied to? EU confirm today they would renegotiate.
ON IT.
EU fanatics can always be relied upon to find a way to subvert democracy. They're more reliable than that big clock on the side of Parliament. #Brexit
She's the 'fall guy' . Succeed, and everyone will take the credit, Fail and you fail alone... As soon as Brexit has happened, she'll be out immediately ..
Malcom Tucker wouldn't be able to sort this mess #Brexit
Aye heard that one month's ago
Hi, pleased to see you back and having a go about #Brexit can't wait till we're out.
Just in a Costa having coffee...the staff are from all over the EU and they are fantastic, hardworking and they are all worried sick about BREXIT...how can the politicians who fiddled /backed the referendum sleep at night ...? #PeoplesVote #brexitvote #Labour #CONSERVATIVES
Word for our time ...!!!
Why not put down - what are the violation of terms of the Treaty and Art50 - in a more decisive manner, Mr Barnier? It sounds you are all happy there will be #Brexit, one way or another...
UK Parliament Brexit debates
Always putting the country first? You have been a rare voice of sanity in your calls for a people's vote, but by continuing to back TM in her attempt to push us towards a catestrophic no deal Brexit, you will be equally to blame for the outcome
If only it was that simple. We need first to extend Art50 to stop a no deal - gov wont stop brexit. Then we need to get something that ensures we have a CU and some form of SM deal, without these businesses will be in real trouble, then yes, I would back a vote on that deal.
#ThingsThatAreBadForYourHealth Brexit
What a place, lots going on here! Brexit, no brexit, what shall it be? — at Canary Wharf London City
Can England Wales and Northern Ireland have a vote. See if we want her Scotland in the UK Brexit: Nicola Sturgeon promises independence timetable in 'weeks'
Great Britain is heading towards a big mistake. The negociations were going great , then something bad occurred recently. Europe is in enough trouble already. My guess is if they continue like this the country will sink into even larger turmoil. #Brexit #Solidarity #Hazard
A very plausible sequence of events, I think. Richard Stone: why I believe Brexit won’t happen now
You know things are bad when you recall the #TonyBlair days with a certain fondness. #brexit
#FTSE100 down as investors shun 'laughing stock' #UK after #TheresaMay #Brexit deal defeat An #original #poem by #amwriting #poetry #indieauthor #selfpublishing and proud #peaceandlove
I think I have found a way of maintaining a United Kingdom after Brexit, even if Wales, Northern Ireland, and Scotland go their separate ways. Obviously England on its own isn’t much of a United Kingdom. 1/3 #Brexit
Excellent article
You are night for once Guy. Our MPs should stop bickering and wasting time and we should unite around a no deal Brexit - and the EU can go and collect then£39 billion from its remaining members instead.
I think you're right that politicians will find a way to block Brexit but Tory Remainers collapsing Government with Corbyn in opposition sounds unlikely.
Business leaders urge MPs to end uncertainty after huge defeat for #Brexit deal via
Again even Krugman gives a correct assessment of the EU economy, they are more exposed to this than us, they need a deal, we don't;
#Brexit is a bit of shitshow so we've been distracted in the UK. Did the white house actually use McDonald's for a big dinner? #whitehhousedinners
Meanwhile the only thing in UK media for the past couple of years has been Brexit which is trivial in comparison.
That’s because we haven’t got close enough to your cunty chops.
Higher MS - really useful for Brexit too
: #lbc #brexit #EU #Europe #gmb #leave #goodmorningbritain #london #poland #polish and so it begins
How much personally do you stand to make as a result of Brexit? ££££
The Labour Brexit policy; Leave(or not) Whilst delivering all the advantages of staying(or not), But leaving, After having a second referendum(or not), With the option of staying(possibly). Bringing the whole country together by offering all of the above(possably) .....or not !!!
correct
A gentle continental offer, my UK friends: stay in, no more extrawurst and we won't be making more jokes on the #Brexit years turmoil than on penalty shootings. Fair deal?
Brexit extremists how offensive is that! Contemptuous SNP Fool!
there is only one recourse. No one wants that, but it may be coming.
Brexit is a climate story, and is following it – dig in to her coverage so far:
Odd familiar between Munch's paining and May there... wonder if chose those on purpose. Might as well be the new normal these days. #BrexitShambles #Brexit
the CBI are backing the tunnel under the Thames which is needed because of a predicted 40% increase in freight traffic through Dover in the event of Brexit. You just went on to say Brexit means a drop in freight traffic. Could you confirm which is true
Think Brexit will be a shitshow? This is a reminder that Britain imports most of its toilet paper and pulp (used to make toilet paper)
“I regret nothing” says the smug twit from Eton, who once benefited from his father’s offshore investment funds &amp; has several millions in the bank..
No, I think the pair is pretty fundamentally removed from Brexit
Deselection for him. Start visiting the Jobcentre if I were you.
What you fail to understand is that the people a) do not want brexit and b) do not want Corbyn. Change your leader. Support either to #RevokeRemainRebuild or a #PeoplesVote and you'll win a GE.
Why doesn’t this get more media coverage? It looks more &amp; more like a connection between our fool in the WH &amp; Brexit.
"Companies Cry Out for Brexit Clarity, Warn on No-Deal"
#Brexit #BrexitVote #Leftistmadness #GiletsJaune Enspired by the idiocy in the political sphere of the UK
thank you
#Brexit the chance for #IrishUnity
plenty of people in the UK are in favor of UK remaining within the EU by I never ever saw acknowledged the part of EU responsabilities in this mess and lesson that “Brexit” is giving to the world. never mentionned the obligation to restructure the EU
'Start Here': Brexit, Barr, Nairobi. What you need to know to start your day.
Dow rises 100 points as Goldman Sachs gains 4%
Goffs chief Beeby slams parliament and warns of dangers of no-deal Brexit
For Britain’s sake, Theresa May, just go | Joseph Harker
Why Brexit is a living hell for Jeremy Corbyn... not just Theresa May The Telegraph
All parties are scared by the second vote option, labour wouldn't do any better on the Brexit deal, this was doomed from the start.
#Brexit isn’t funny but this is
This is our saviour for brexit! He always has a Plan!!!
Shouldn't be any alcohol in parliament. This country pays you all to work for your money, not drink it away.
UK's Labour calls on May to try a Brexit compromise to get deal passed
I liked a video Brexit 2: May &amp; Trump vs Truth, with Stephen Fry
In the next decade, after the UK has left and Brexit has quietened down, the EU is going to get found out
OK, so can someone explain what is happening in UK. Under the Brit parliamentary system, if a government is defeated on a budget bill there must be an election. (That's how we avoid shutdowns.) #Brexit is more than a budget bill, it's the entire economy. Baffling.
Not everything is about Brexit. There are some incredibly disturbing statistics that have been released related to poverty and the new Universal Credit. I'm sure Brexit will be on the manifesto, there point is just that it shouldn't always be the main focus.
A shifty democracy? Just remind me again, what is the definition of Brexit?
I would make it incumbent on the Scottish Parliament, to enact a trigger, set now by an Act of Parliament, to hold a second referendum on Scottish independence three years after Brexit, allowing Scotland to leave a by then flourishing United Kingdom.
Historian: Queen Should Suspend Parliament to Stop Remain MPs from Blocking Brexit
Never more have I hoped for a bunch of aliens to come and show us the light and rescue us from the hell hole we're in #Brexit #BrexitVote #whatamess
Brexit was not a vote to stop migration.
UK is making a fool of itself with the #Brexit , as Spain is doing it with the #Catexit or Germany does it with the #Inmigrexit . Awful generation of nowadays politicians. That’s it !!
All voting for Theresa May in the no confidence vote tonight. Internal Tory democracy: Theresa May - VOTE FOR ME OR HAVE THE WHIP REMOVED + NO RESELECTION COME THE NEXT ELECTION when vote of no confidence happens after Brexit vote. GRAVYTRAIN overrides all.
The way the Labour Party would have negotiated if in power brexit, the EU would not have come to a deal with them so why should brexiteers trust them??? No way, never!!!! #LabourParty #Brexit
Brexit
That I can agree on. But it's not enough. If he said "Labour's position is X, Y, Z, alpha, beta, gamma" (in forensic detail) and then followed up by "and this is the only Brexit we would countenance voting in favour of" it would shift the playing field massively.
Indeed. But if UK changes its position and wishes to stay in customs Union or also single market, it will have to accept the obligations coming with these advantages. The EU would then be all too happy to agree on such a future relationship.
If we had an effective media, every time a labour politician says we should stay in the customs union, they would be asked to give us their opinion of what they think it would solve. The answers would be depressingly revealing. #Brexit
May’s Brexit Deal Failed. What Happens Now?
You need some Brasso for that neck of yours.Independance will now probably follow as a direct result of your party's inability to handle Brexit and appreciate the views of Scotland.Your own constituency voted 74.3% remain,you choose to ignore this,
Theresa May would have us Crash Out, In the need for her addiction to POWER The Tories know this, let's hope they themselves get rid of her BEFORE She wrecks our Country, Probably not today " Unfortunately" but very very soon. It's no longer about the UK it's about HER and Brexit
I don't want a second referendum. I want the people we elected on account of their skills, intelligence and empathy to look at the information and options available and say "Fuck it, it can't be done and shouldn't be done." and make that choice without us. #PeoplesVote #Brexit
New Evidence Emerges of Steve Bannon and Cambridge Analytica’s Role in Brexit
Everyone likes to focus on what Theresa May wants out of Brexit, but have you stopped to think about Jeremy Corbyn?
UK's Labour calls on May to try a Brexit compromise to get deal passed
UK's Labour calls on May to try a Brexit compromise to get deal passed
#Scotland is wasting its time in Westminster - proclaim independence and confirm with a referendum and leave. It isn't complicated. #Brexit #SNP
#PMQs #50sWomen They are playing with the lives of #50sWomen without a pension!! No money ,ill health , poverty foodbanks. #NoConfidence .#BackTo60
There will not be any improvement in things for the people of the UK until we get a new government. The Tories are paralysed by the Brexit mess of their own making. We need a Labour government.
Probably in another account
Time is not on my side
Exactly. Cambridge Analytica/Steve Bannon.
Our German allies are watching us have a nervous breakdown, knowing there’s nothing they can do.
Russia was behind the Brexit movement as well as our Dumpster Fire President. #FuckRussia
Exactly how it got me. I’m blaming Brexit
Second referendum, two choices no deal Brexit or remain in Europe. There are no other options that will be agreed!#NoConfidenceMotion
This is spot on.
My Dad would have been pushing for Scotland to go to war with England over Brexit. Scotland voted Remain it's unfair to drag them into leaving. #BrexitVote
It’s ACRO’s #Brexit Gold Group this afternoon. We’re meeting to talk through our plans and how we’ll manage the impact on our #communitysafety services #SaferCommunities
help this one hurts
Brexit and no-confidence vote: Corbyn targets 'zombie government' Today, parliament was sponsored by: The Walking Dead Tomorrow: The Never Ending Story
First tweet and only opinion on Brexit. It’s gonna take time. Stop bitching. People voted to leave. If you didn’t vote but were a stayer get over it. Asking for a 2nd Ref is pathetic arrogance. General Elections aren’t revisited because Tory voters were ‘cheesed off’.
Change a pennyless country for a € empire! #Brexit
A united Europe is an instrument of peace and security in a way that NATO, on its own, can never be #Brexit #EU #EuropeanUnion
Not true. All economies are growing externally along with global growth. They're also growing their internal markets which is precisely what the EU is for to the greater benefit of member nations. #peoplesvote #brexit
This has become a dictatorship. You won't listen....... Time to go #Brexit
Take a second look, May urges MPs before Brexit vote
Finding yourself switching off from all this Brexit talk? Here we have asking the real questions that really matter
Here’s what could happen next after Theresa May’s crushing Brexit defeat – National
Petition: Brexit re article 50 it must not be suspended/stopped under any circumstances
Soft Brexit = half in half out. A rule taker and not a rule maker.
Nothing has changed, it would be comical if it were not so lamentable. SNP waving its flag for independence, Labour its flag for a general election, the rest split between putting the break on brexit and having a 2nd referendum, how I despair - get a GRIP.
A cleansing is needed within these establishments but will not occur until the interventionists that have controlled the money/debt for decades r prosecuted.
Will Theresa May Be Subjected To A Confidence Vote After Latest Brexit Deal Failure?: #ConfidenceVote #Brexit #Brexit
What happens now with Brexit?
Shouldn't you be worried about Brexit bloke?
#UK will lost her HONOR and RESPECT in the WORLD if #BREXIT FAILS.
Brexit and no-confidence vote: Corbyn targets 'zombie government' #Brexit #UK #EU #Scotland #NI #Wales #England #Ireland #voters #politics #elections #economy #trade #finance #markets #investors
Does he regret bailing on the country afterwards though?
A huge thank you to today for taking the time to speak to me about the current situation regarding Brexit in Westminster, for the Atrium Live progamme this evening #usw #journousw #atriumlive
Quotation of the day, so far: "It is not #Dunkirk, nobody's died" (Johnny Mercer MP) - then this meme quickly arrived #brexit #theresamay #vonc #noconfidence #tories
Fun Fact: Zelda out of Terrahawks is Theresa May’s younger more likeable sister. #brexit
This might work
Companies cry out for Brexit clarity, warn on no-deal
except politics... As the #BREXIT drama continue..... just wow....
Whether it’s Brexit or Zionism – going it alone makes little sense
Taoiseach 'will work with whoever is Prime Minister' as May faces confidence vote
In case you weren't sure ... What is plainly obvious to everyone outside the UK (and also to many of those fighting for a #PeoplesVote ) #RevokeA50 #Brexitshambles
Anyone that will never realise what they had hoped for from #Brexit needs to be fully aware of this because if they are encouraged to harbour the same delusion, nothing will alter. Defining Brexit is the challenge.
Foreign: British MPs pause Brexit turmoil for letter-box debate
Financial experts react to Theresa May's Brexit deal defeat via
i'm votin Big Deal
Frefer football but I must state on here what I’ve said to friends &amp; family over the last few months, no matter what you voted for democratically May has never wanted a deal &amp; indeed wishes for a cliff edge Brexit, smoke &amp; mirrors
Why Brexit is a living hell for Jeremy Corbyn... not just Theresa May
The latest The Jutta Miller-Waldner Daily! Thanks to #brexit #brexitdeal
Brexit or Brexn't it?
FIRST READ: Shutdown, Brexit wobble the West
Odd similarity between Munch's paining and May there... wonder if chose those on purpose. Might as well be the new normal these days. #BrexitShambles #Brexit
Referendum should ask “No Deal” or “No Brexit”. No middle option or we risk going back to where we started from.
To Brexit or not to , that is the question! 's has some ideas of what must be in a US-UK trade deal, regardless.... . Read it here:
Labour MP repeatedly refused to say on LBC radio that Jeremy Corbyn led government would be good for the country. For 3 years she has tried to undermine Corbyn. Her CLP must hold confidence vote to decide whether she is doing a good job.
"Jobsworth Brexit" good heckle
Perfect summary from ‘And when we have... no idea how to get agreement on a thing we haven't been able to agree on for 1,000 years, a growing number of people will look about them and say: "Well, bugger me. What was the point of all this?"
Maybe cos Corbyn doesn’t want to stop Brexit? For tonight’s VONC TM needs all herMPs on her side. Forcing her to reveal her future plans for Brexit just could’ve alienated enough of them (bit optimistic maybe!)-but JC has no interest let alone conviction in opposition
what have you to say about this ? #BrexitCon
If Boris Johnson can change his mind on the PM's Brexit Deal, the voters are entitled to have second thoughts as well - it's perfectly reasonable and democratic
A lesson in politics
Really looking forward to releasing the film internationally this year! #maidenfilm
British lawmakers vote against Theresa May's Brexit deal
indeed; she has learnt absolutely nothing from her humiliating defeat.
Aye it might but only if there's enough brexit supporters to take notice of them. But then again people did before but I think after all this shambles people like myself will know better next time.
A secret plan to fight ruination.
#Brexit thought for the day
If you want to read something that isn’t Brexit related: I’m making an archive of a series of interviews with friends and family - Interview one is with my old friend talking about his new work Gaslight Illuminations:
Brexit Vote: Assessing The Likely Scenarios |Business Incorporated|
Stocks stay positive as China stimulus helps offset Brexit risks
At Foreign Minister Lavrov's annual press conference, he talked Trump, sanctions, #Brexit and more. Here are the highlights
Macron on les Rosbifs options: 1. No deal. But they’ll need supermarket supplies and an aviation agreement. (Solemn pledge to fight for French fishing interests) 2. Re-negotiate ( we won’t compromise EU interests to sort UK domestic political problems) 3. Delay, then renegotiate
The Tories just spent 2.5 years trying to sort out Brexit. In the meantime, they failed to make any progress on: - poverty - the NHS - housing - education Or, of course, Brexit #NoConfidence #BrexitShambles
UK politics in the last month: Tories - "We have no confidence in May" *PM survives.* "Alright we have no confidence in May's #Brexit deal" *spectacularly fails.* Corbyn - "Alright Tories, time to nut up or shut up... #NoConfidenceVote" Tories - Err actually we good.
Especially even after the Brexit film... Shocking, I get the feeling it's too hard to deal with, so ignore as the implications are so great and need for radicle action is so difficult that no one has the heart to take on!
Honestly what is happening w brexit I’ve had enough
Watch until the end (if you don't speak French, there are subtitles). He's absolutely on target.
Do not believe a word that says. He went to the same school for liars as Young people must not make the same mistake that many did last time by tactically voting for him. Corbyn is anti-EU and pro-brexit. Make no mistake.....
I am pro EU/FoM moderate Labour. I have never supported Corbyn and Co. but each day he seems more and more inept and appears only moderately interested in Brexit and its' issues. He certainly does not spark with centrist/swing voters at all.
good, get this sh|t done
Brexit, Trump, Liverpool and Man City battling for the Premier league, Andy Murray career over. Ofsted are amending their outcomes, USA politics is shut. What's everyone really interested in ? Leeds It's. Not just a big club we are The Big Club. MOT
Never mind can May save her Brexit deal – can the Tories save their party? | Henry Newman
She must resign immediately &amp; withdraw the proposal of Brexit or take fresh mandate of brilliant people of Britain.
Theresa May faces no confidence vote after historic Brexit defeat
Companies cry out for #Brexit clarity, warn on no-deal
Can EU help the UK out of Brexit mess?
UK Prime Minister Theresa May battles on alone after Brexit deal rejected
#brexit explained beautifully
NYT: All the debate has come up against a stubborn fact: Brexit is damaging to the British national interest
WTO = is the new unicorn for most Brexiteers. They just say WTO rules and think a hard Brexit will be a walk in the park. The same problem as always, just because they say WTO rules will be great, they think it WILL be great. They don't fact check or think critically.
What a right royal cockney barrel of monkeys #NoConfidenceMotion #LeaveMeansLeave #brexit #BrexitVote #TheresaMay #BrexitShambles
What a very good idea!
and - ignorance and Brexit, the unholy alliance?
They also call area remain Brexit yet the Vote was all votes count has one yes or no Yes won Vote remain trying to turn 3 words into we only except remain. If we win peoples Vote or should i say losers vote will they except No Deal No they wont Snowflakes are melting Democracy
Theresa May faces no confidence vote after historic Brexit defeat
How Theresa May united rival factions of MPs against her Brexit deal
Husbands always know that their wives talks about them. And, wives always know that their husbands talk about them. That’s what makes couples click. Interesting times in the House of Commons. I’ll be tuning in to hear Peter’s take on the Brexit vote.
FxWirePro: Sterling gets little traction in OTC markets from deal or no deal scenario to no deal Brexit voting
Swaynes words are those of dictatorship, not a democracy.
This is the best analysis on Brexit I have read in 3 years!
Of course there is a growing number of MPs on both sides looking to support a second referendum - they're all remainers and it is the only way left to try to stop Brexit #LetsGoWTO
I'm saying that those #austerity policies are still in place today, 10 years after the crash. And thanks to #Brexit there is too little pressure on the current government to address that...
Carefully brought in yesterday under the Brexit radar !
What happens now Theresa May's Brexit deal has been defeated?
As important as Brexit is, we need to be highlighting that our society is falling apart! We have a housing crisis and no affordable houses. We have an increase in mental health problems and a decrease in services. Enough is enough, get the Tories out. #GTTO #GeneraElectionNow
British Prime Minister Theresa May faced a no-confidence vote Wednesday, a day after Parliament rejected her Brexit deal by a historic margin:
In almost every aspect of British life there are positives to a no-deal Brexit
Theresa May's Brexit deal defeated - five possible outcomes following historic vote
How some Twitter users have been mocking PM Theresa May's #Brexit humiliation
Whatever happens with Brexit after last night's debacle, Scotland needs a say on whether it wants to remain a part of this dysfunction, says .
Her entire indy2 push is purely based on U.K. brexit. If that isn’t all about EU membership I dnt know what is.
this is shanker, fyi:
TOUGH SHIT! We had a people's vote, backed up by 89% voting for candidates promising a full hard Brexit in the general election, backed up by Parliament backing a no deal Brexit! DEMOCRACY MEANS LEAVING NO DEAL!
Brexit vote debacle puts Theresa May and the UK in a tough, but not catastrophic, corner
Ben Lofthouse, Head of Global Equity Income, provides his thoughts on the vote on Brexit by members of Parliament an...
2019 Predictions: It is likely that following Brexit, Europe will pass legislation prohibiting the hiring of robots or algorithms to do human jobs, meaning that if a human loses their job, it cannot be replaced on a like-for-like basis with a machine
Already having major problems with the supply of one of my meds. Hearing same from friends, one of whom needs vital meds, not just for health but also work. I’m scared and I’m very fucking angry. When I’m ill, I get angrier. SORT IT TF OUT BEFORE PEOPLE DIE #Brexit
COZ HES OFF WITH HIS TROTTERS UP HE DONT GIVE A FUCK #TWAT
Great Brexit
Labour is just stringing everyone along. &lt;&lt; "Rebecca Long-Bailey, the shadow business secretary, has said that it is not “automatic” that Labour would back a second referendum if it fails to trigger a general election."
A humiliating Brexit defeat, but May will likely stagger on
EU Commissioner : "#Brexit does harm. It does harm to the UK. It does harm to the EU. And we are under an obligation as politicians to limit the harm to the absolute minimum possible. We do believe the Withdrawal Agreement delivered on that obligation."
More here:
Luciana Berger MP refused 10 times to back a Corbyn-led Labour government. Not only did she refuse to do so, she even opposed Labour's call for a General Election. No appetite for it, she said. For 3 years she has not supported Corbyn.
Transatlantic law firm has advised , a long standing client, on a series of contracts with the that secure additional freight capacity as part of the ’s planning for a no-deal #Brexit
Steve Hilton: Original intent of Brexit - restoring freedom and sovereignty - buried by inept bureaucrats #FoxNews
Companies cry out for Brexit clarity, warn on no-deal -
a break in Parliamentary Brexit debate to address a far more important matter....
- Hey Theresa, ¿How's that BrexARHGRHGRGAHHRG - ... #Brexit #NoConfidenceMotion #PMQs
Financial experts react to Theresa May's Brexit deal defeat via
I'd sign up for that one
TV review: #Brexit
has made a committment to try to get return of th 4 controls, in-keeping with th Ref'm. It's not her place 2 lend assistance 2 others set on goals that r contrary 2 that. Better 2 run the risk of defeat in battle, than make it certain by capitulation #tories #brexit
Theresa May’s Brexit plan suffered a huge defeat. What comes next? - BBC News US
I took part in a citizens' assembly – it could help break the Brexit deadlock | Louise Caldwell
I think the that’s main thing that concerns me is that EU citizens and non EU citizens will be treated fairly after Brexit. That’s what I’m after when it comes to who I’d vote for.
The Earth is doomed
EU's Donald Tusk suggests UK should cancel Brexit
In an opinion piece for , Prof Philip Cowley from argues that proportionally the #Brexit rebellion beats the previous vote on the Iraq war. Read here:
I've just been trying to give a succinct overview to a Spanish friend. Ended up sending him this link.
Farage Slams PM May's 'Surrender Document' Brexit Deal, Demands Her Resignation
I cannot wait for my first cab ride when I arrive in London. I will be fully upto speed on the Brexit debacle in 15 mins!
brexit scabs brexit scabs ..out out out
Exactly. So there are things we still need to concern ourselves as well as Brexit. People are dying on our streets. Right now! Surely we can entertain more than one subject in our heads at any given time?
A looming portentional for a hard #Brexit has government scrambling to prevent shortages on essential goods, and turning to the shipping industry for help:
Is there no end to this Bel?
What u think of brexit now
"A democracy that cannot change its mind is not a democracy." this.
I've never in my life been a conspiracy theorist. But the only way this presidency, and Brexit for that matter, make any sense is to see Russia engaged in a worldwide effort to destabilize democracy.
Theresa May’s Brexit deal rejected
Can't wait Dana
Brexit uncertainty is blamed for slump in UK property market #PropertyNews #Brexit #RealEstate
INDUSTRY NEWS: #No-Deal #Brexit Leaves #Renewables Exposed #EFWConference2019
THANK YOU For speaking up for 1950s born women,who have been ROBBED of 6yrs State Pension by this Gov TORIES ARE BURYING ALL OTHER NEWS BECAUSE OF BREXIT REPORT NO MORE PENSION CREDITS FOR COUPLES UNTIL WOMEN REACH PENSION AGE #BackTo60 #PMQs
Behold, the bizarre bill Chelmsford's MP introduced between two of the biggest political moments in history #Brexit vs #Letterboxes
The latest reports about Trump and Brexit are overshadowing three major themes that will shape 2019, writes Editor-in-Chief Judah Grunstein:
Does it deliver the “exact same benefits” as we currently have as members of the Single Market and Customs Union? Read more at: That’s just 1 of the tests
greg knight has secured a post brexit trade deal "this khajiit has wares, if we have coin"
Hammond's evening companies call fails to ease Brexit fear via #tictocnews
I fear for our country, a confident is a disaster for our country, a disaster for parliament and a disaster for the people. #PMQS #BREXIT
Why Brexit is a living hell for Jeremy Corbyn... not just Theresa May
I don’t know bout GE, hopefully another referendum, but in all likelihood, prepare for no deal brexit
This brexit thing still going on?..
is talking up a storm in the #NoConfidence debate
Here's an option set out two #brexit deals! Mays and the "alternative" and allow the public to vote which one they'd prefer! Simple!
If I were Patrick Bateman's British cousin, voting down May allows me to distance myself from her. Brexit gets handed over to Labour while me and my Teflon mates get on with shivving each other until the most photogenic becomes leader and gets a fresh start at the next election.
News Analysis: Amid Parliament’s Brexit Rebellion, a Tectonic Shift in How Britain Is Governed - - LONDON — The annals of British politics are filled with stories about the government’s iron-fisted, sometimes terrifying control of parliamentary affair...
"The world’s most densely betwatted space..." - reporting genius #Brexit
Let’s go with option one.
The Bristol Brexit Working Group paper says there are 19,000 EU citizens living in Bristol; say 30,000. Do you have a source for your numbers, ? I have no opinion yet as to which one is right!
No, they can't do that.
knows there’s a real possibility of no Brexit so opts for “Norway” to make the break. He &amp; his gang will take this to a more extreme position once the break has been made. Just don’t trust them...,
#Islam #Brexit #AFD #London Muhammad's Convenient Revelations
No, it failed because it wasn’t Brexit...kept us under the EU’s clutches ad infinitum. And it failed because remoaners saw a weak leader as an opportunity to stop Brexit altogether.
#Brexit A joke based on Series 1 Episode 10 of the original Star Trek I have been meaning to do for ages. Today when the UK opposition leader is using the Brexit vote-down to oust the Prime Minister seems as good a time as any.
One of 42 meetings over a three year period.
Fantastic piece. I'd not heard of "group polarisation" before, and it certainly explains a lot
Brexit. #ThingsThatAreBadForYourHealth
10 funny Tweets about the #Brexit vote! #Lol #Politics!
So much for "reaching out" and building a "cross-party consensus". May is on borrowed time.
Financial experts react to Theresa May's Brexit deal defeat via
Nigel Farage. What a qunt. #brexit
Please don't mistake me. I think thwarting Brexit is vital enough to warrant ditching Corbyn in favour of a centrist for now. However, putting policies in place that favour workers and CEOs has to be the first order of business once Brexit is buried.
Is Brexit causing chaos for you guys?
Petition: Brexit re article 50 it must not be suspended/stopped under any circumstances
Good news! Foreigners of many nations will soon be able to savour our national crisis. C4's Brexit drama has been bought by French broadcaster Canal+ while streaming service Okko will show it in Russia (!) - HBO have rights in US, Nordics, E Europe, Latin America and Caribbean
Good! Get on with it!
Ireland must now intensify planning for Brexit – FF
Market movers: Market Movers: May’s Waterloo on Brexit, India’s exports worry &amp; IL&amp;FS hit for PFs - The Eco... via
Buff Brexit means Lean Brexit
I can't figure out if I tweeted this or not, but around 2016 this seemed pretty inevitable between Brexit and Trump. Good universities, access to big markets, but not yet affected by the xenophobic turn.
If Parliament betrays REF, then I think voters will coalesce towards a populist party that pledges to (1) deliver a genuine Brexit, (2) reform Westminster (PR &amp; elected HoL) &amp; (3) introduce an element of direct democracy. It happened in Italy &amp; if anything, FPTP makes it easier.
THERE IS NO SUCH THING AS A JOBS FIRST BREXIT. NO BREXIT IS AS GOOD AS WHAT WE HAVE. WE DO NOT WANT TO GO INTO BREXILE. USUAL TORY WHINGING SCOTTISH CONSERVATIVES BETRAYING THEIR COUNTRY BY LYING AND SPREADING DIRT.
At various times, has defeated four people for the Labour Leadership. Under any of those people, there would have been no victory over the Government last night. #Brexit #BrexitVote #NoConfidenceVote #NoConfidenceMotion #MOATS
Theresa May fights for her government's survival after gruelling PMQs - follow live
And she believes a JC led government is worse than a no deal Brexit... So by the logic you have to stay in
The #dollar performed relatively well against the #G10, in a day where #Brexit and the #US #government shutdown triggered fresh risk-off moves across #market #investors. #MonexCanada #risk #governmentshutdown #USD
Priceless tweet. Thanks
Think Theresa May should just give Northern Ireland back now and apologise and turn the lights off as she leaves Number 10 #Brexit
Someone can explain me wtf is happening with this Brexit thing? I read Theresa May lost something and the Brexit deadline is at the end of March. Can UK remain in EU? Yes? No? Pls tell me
Putin is probably the anti christ he has his puppets everywhere including America in our White House Pray Pray Pray......
*multiple expletives* I couldn't find one that did the job.
The terms for NI are already set and Brexit is making them closer to fruition
Brexit Results: Here are the results of the UK’s Brexit Vote via UK should respect the results of the people!!!!!
Referendum General Election MPs voting to invoke article 50 What on earth will another referendum do? #brexit
Bots starting early today. Blocked and ignore
The landlord has asked some people to come round to fix an issue with our windows. They have just started talking about Brexit. Their logic: not having to pay EU membership fees will mean we pay less for everything because the gov will have a few more billion in the bank.
Upsy-daisy! #populism #Brexit
The Daily 202: From Brexit to NATO and the shutdown, Putin is winning so much he might get tired of winning
Opinion: Britain is left without a Brexit plan. It’s headed toward disaster.
BBC News - Brexit vote: What just happened and what comes next? I dunno, dear BBC, you haven't marked this one as a: "Reality Check". So now I am confused.. Is it real, or unreal? Am I real, or am i just part of the matrix?
Important announcement:
#SovereignWTOBrexit is the only way to deliver Brexit, democracy and a future for Great Britain and is exactly what we voted for...
INFH UXEYX 160119154538
Brexit. That's why people shouldn't vote conservative. Oh and the only reason it's the "biggest cash boost in history" is due to inflation not anything the conservatives have done.
$GBPJPY The pair is about to take the highs and here is the Midday to members yesterday at #brexit
Deselect them. They ran on a Brexit platform. They lied to get elected, every single one of them
aka "I lay down my country for life". He is a piece of work, plotting away with Roth's child Letwin....
so you now equate brexit with right wing just shows how misinformed you are. May I ask when did you catch Marxism
By supporting brexit you are a bedfellow of Jacob Rees Mogg (eyes boggle) and you have irrevocably associated yourself with the far right and its racism.
Let's stop indulging the toxic, doomed fantasies of #Brexit, and turn our attention to dealing with the real issues facing us as a country, a continent and a world. Let's stop being a national laughing stock, and lead once more. Indeed, let's #MakeBritainGreatAgain END
Not sure why we should listen to a serial entrepreneur who runs 3 successful business and employs dozens of people but I can’t help feeling hits the nail on the head. #noanswers
Agree with WTO option, but why are so many Politicians afraid of that? #NoOrdinaryJoe
On the plus side... This discussion has managed to drag me away from Brexit-based television viewing for a short time...
This is not over. The #Brexit beast is dangerous. The wounded Brexit beast more so. Parliament must kill it and this evil govt has to fall. Crank it up for #StopBrexit and #ToriesOutNow
St Vincent de Cable should respect the fact that a majority voted for Brexit. Stop going against the will of the people; you are theoretically a democrat: behave like one.
She will. And it'll be disastrous for the other party. Any which way though, brexit must go on.
Doesn't regret it, but also quit the day of the result. Doesn't quite add up lol
We have to work together and to do that we have to recognise the harm that Brexit is going to do it all our constituents - there is no such thing as a jobs first Brexit. The Labour Party have to join us in this campaign today says
I think the vote rendered it unlikely. It showed there's not the numbers for the deal or to legislate a hard brexit. So long as the EU refuses to budge on a deal &amp; is still willing to extend the deadline to allow a referendum, that will be the only option able to pass Parliament
Shelagh please inform the Brexit fools who are saying it’s all the fault of the EU, Teresa May laid down the red lines, it was her decision to restrict the deal.
Excellent article by detailing the options and ramifications faced by and #Brexit #BrexitShambles
suffer the largest defeat in parliamentary history (wasn't a free vote), yet predicted to have the temerity to vote confidence in themselves to govern. Do Tories sleep at night? #Brexit #Bretrail #Bremain #DeadInTheWater #BrokenBritain
Brexit, El Chapo, Nairobi: Your Wednesday Briefing - - (Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the sign-up.) Good morning, We start with the fallout from the Brexit deal’s defeat in Parliament, the shutdown’s effect on federal workers’ finances, ...
What arent they getting? Out means out! No way getting closer, yes Germany would like it. BREXIT STANDS
INFH UXEYX 160119154554
Our main priority should be getting this despicable government out of power, people are dying , homeless , living in poverty, children are going hungry, our streets aren’t safe , NHS in crisis? Ask these people what’s more important, Brexit or a life worth living..!
I get my news online and it was definitely prominent on the BBC news site despite all the Brexit stuff.
What a riveting speech...
So, split the country back into its Saxon kingdoms, and we can continue to call England a United Kingdom. Until something else goes wrong. On behalf of my son I would like to call dibs on Mercia after all his namesake Leofric Earl of Mercia was it’s historical ruler. 2/3 #Brexit
Today’s top pics: Brexit deal rejection to bring chaos and more
Dear Why has no raised this in the House? Lidington rejected Salmond's Amendment for a double-lock safeguard in the EU referendum as it was advisory, so nothing followed &amp; Scotland could not be dragged out against its will.
Tuition fees didn't effect every single person in the country negatively. Brexit will.
This is just January 2019
Good time up leave with no deal because that is what voted for
By Accident Or Design, A Pre-Brexit General Election Remains The Most Plausible Outcome via
Leave with no deal. #Brexit
Currencies: #Pound wobbles after May’s Brexit defeat, as lawmakers debate no-confidence vote #marketwatch #finance #news
What's happening in "jolly old England" or "Mecca 2" as we now know it? So far the only Brit leaving as a result of #Brexit is
Brexit update: No Deal is better than Baddiel. ;)
Yorkies I have 2 spares for this timely chat if interested...
We are going to have a major Digital and Transformation Summit in June 2019 (London). We will bring most of the CIO, COO, CMO and CEO from Tier1, Tier2 banks and Fintech Industry. The list will be included major topics - Brexit…
There seems to be a straightforward solution to the Brexit Deal impasse already embedded in the Brexit documents which could be used to remove the backstop problem. It just needs elevating. See short proposal at
David Cameron wants parliament to deliver Brexit.
Essentially a ‘no deal’ Brexit is what we voted for in the first place!! Why a second referendum?
Notice how Ian Blackford says that the Tories must move on their #Brexit stance, yet he and his #SNP gimps won't move on their #NoBrexit stance whatsoever. #NoConfidence #NoConfidenceVote #NoConfidenceMotion
greentechmedia: RT DanFinnFoley: No deal Brexit is becoming more than a possibility - here's a bit more context on what that could mean for the renewables sector.
Hold a Second Brexit Referendum - - A democracy that cannot change its mind is not a democracy. The people may do that when presented with the whole picture after seeing only a partial or distorted one. It has taken more than 30 months to shift from “...
Financial experts react to Theresa May's Brexit deal defeat via
Ahead of the vote on the withdrawal treaty, Chris Blundell at UK accounting firm, , highlights the post-Brexit cost implications from the lack of bi-lateral social security arrangements with many EU states
Companies cry out for Brexit clarity, warn on no-deal
Well, that is certainly what Brussels hopes will happen. But in their intransigence they may have miscalculated.
Britain Is a Nation in Desperate Need of a Driver - - LONDON — This week, as an anxious Britain prepared to witness Prime Minister Theresa May’s Brexit plan crashing to defeat, Nicholas Soames, Winston Churchill’s grandson, tweeted out one of his gran...
#Brexit Fears Have British Establishment Panicking
"The Tories are a firm, but Labour is a family." That was one of the first things that I was ever told in active politics, and it has turned out to have been true over and over again. #Brexit #BrexitVote #NoConfidenceVote #NoConfidenceMotion #MOATS
Vince cable is no better than the other Traitors trying the best they can to Thwart Brexit. We will not forget any of you.
MPs are playing a dangerous game of Brexit roulette
I see Milan are also trying to adopt a brexit style of play
Can’t forgive him for just walking away.
Yesterday said, on the floor of the US senate, that Russia interfered with the #brexit vote. That’s should matter.
German economic growth slowest for five years Slow down in German car industry is because of global conditions and confusion over emission legislation. BBC report similar at JLR because of BREXIT of course. Not biased?
Not as simple as that. UK parliament can't unilaterally extend a.50. UK parliament can revoke a.50, but only with intention to cancel Brexit not delay. The consequences of ignoring the referendum result and the mandate of L/C manifestos to respect referendum would be unthinkable.
An excellent thread. European dragons &amp; British unicorns are both mythical creatures.
Share the hell out of this. #Brexit #Scotland #independence #DissolveTheUnion
If May is saying that she will not extend article 50 she is pushing us toward a no deal Brexit &amp; if that looks like its going to happen surely Labour would then table another VONC in the Government and some Tory MPs would vote for it to stop a no deal brexit. #pmqs #bbcqt #marr
"There is no such thing as a jobs first Brexit."
Expert in trade policy? The FCO is offering up to £1.4m to an organisation able to provide an intensive, repeatable course in advanced trade policy to its civil servants. Brexit uncertainty makes this more urgent than ever. Deadline for bids Jan 21st.
Go !! the blithering at it again! Forgeting the reality. Word on the ground in Scotland is that they would Lose many more in a General Election. #brexit
Exactly. The leader of No Position.
Today's issue of the Mail is so blatantly sucking up to Theresa May and her bunch of traitors that I will keep it for the time when a people's tribunal will be looking at the way British #media betrayed the people over #Brexit Journalistic integrity out of the window.
Labour calls General Election vote which could bring Theresa May down within 24 hours and overturn Brexit - The Sun
Government facing vote of no confidence after humiliating Brexit defeat
What will Brexit bring for the domestic eRetailers? and how will it affect cross border eCommerce? - via
I don't think anyone is suggesting that this is illegal or improper, just hypocritical and not an option for the general public as a way of avoiding the consequences of Brexit.
Brexit STOP THE BREXIT-SHIT ! Miss MAY climb over the TRUMP-wall and please stay there !!!
Brexit deal outcome could take sterling to $1.35, Goldman Sachs says Zach Pandl, co-head, global rates, FX and EM strategy at Goldman Sachs, explains what Tuesday night's Brexit vote means for markets.
Billboard campaign reminds voters of MPs' Brexit promises +1 EuroBot #europe #politics
You can say the Brexit plan is last minute, but at the end of the day the politicians who campaigned most strongly for Brexit are no where to be seen once they won the vote, leaving a half hearted remainer to try and get the UK to leave in a tiny timeframe with no plan
YOU SHOULD STOP ALL THE RUBBISH ABOUT WANTING A GENERAL ELECTION AND GET ON WITH BREXIT YOU AND YOUR PARTY WILL NEVER MAKE THIS COUNTRY BETTER. AS FOR ME I HAVE NO CONFIDENCE IN YOU OR YOUR PARTY, I HAVE AND ALWAYS WILL HAVE CONFIDENCE IN THIS PRIME MINSTER THAN IN YOU
Parliament is deadlocked. Brexit is in chaos. The people must now be given the chance to fix this mess. That's what's . Sign the petition at #LetUsDecide
Opening a debate on a no-confidence motion, Mr Corbyn said the government "should do the right thing and resign" after Tuesday night's record-breaking defeat on its Brexit…
Seeing as the PM's only justification for plowing on with Brexit is to "deliver the Brexit voted for by the British people", why is nobody asking what she thinks the 'will of the people' is now? Does she really think it's the same as it was nearly three years ago?
I know this is a broad question, but is Brexit still happening? Is this all an issue of which Brexit plan they will go with? If they vote no confidence what happens? If they don’t vote no confidence does it go to general election? I read up on it, but I’m clearly confused.
Live Update from the Brexit heartland of West Sussex. My mother In law just came in and said how business? Me: Grand yeah Mother in law: Is everyone calling you about leaving the UK because of Brexit? Me: No more than normal, but most of our market…
Whatever the cause, they are unlikely to welcome Brexit especially on a no-deal, WTO basis.
The PM replied: "What we want to do... is listen to parliamentarians and find out the point at which, what is it that would secure the support of this House? "But that is against the background of ensuring that we deliver on the referendum result."
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaargh. Here begineth my #Brexit commentary. Imagine it continuo in much the same vein.
Brexit deal defeat makes 'softer, later' exit more likely: Goldman Sachs
Yeah, you need to rally your fellow Green party MPs behind you and...Oh...
Rational thought never had respect. Fear of violence is literally the only emotion that has caused change in society. Remember when the colonists in the Americas killed a bunch of red coats? Remember how the monarchy of England left us alone but continued until Brexit? Hmmm.
really? so after 3 years of dithering we're still no nearer the promised land of #brexit - give me strength!
I have really warmed to him ,seems honest. Positivity is good.
Check out The Daily 202 from
Quite consistent with 's Brexit stance Get rid of Steptoe !! Jezza is a Brexshitter #CorbynBrexitSpeech #BrexitShambles
FULL STORY Irish PM denies having secret no-deal Brexit plan for border checks
If the option is Mays deal v Remain then Brexit can’t win. That’s what we are worried about. The question being stitched up. We also had a vote in 2016, Remain lost and even people’s vote were saying before they lost this was a once in a generation vote,
The 's got it wrong. The #UK is anything but #united at the moment. It's dangerously #polarised and #divided, and it's not just PM #May's fault either...
NEWS: British drivers urged to get Spanish licence before Brexit #CostaDelSol #Brexit
Totally disagree they have O’Neil commentating with farage a regular contributor. They give pro Brexit views significant coverage but there is another opinion and that’s with or without the BBC.
No!!!! Francois is doing the right thing in the confidence vote set up by imbeciles. Last night he put country before party. Today he puts country before party. Corbyn would destroy Britain.
Answer to Brexit impasse. Drop the Backstop, and avoid hard border on the island of Ireland by extending the present special Common Travel Agreement between Britain and Ireland. Add to it a Temporary customs arrangement for as long as it is relevant.
'Brexit': TV Review via
Historian: Queen Should Suspend Parliament to Let Brexit Happen
Spot on sir.
This is one of the answers to why there hasn’t been any proper reaching across the aisle yet. #Brexit
Really can't take much more of this - between Brexit and another bin strike - just want a nice quiet life without any added stress!!!!!
UK PRIORITY NOW IS AVOIDING A NO-DEAL BREXIT: The 432 MPs who punished Theresa May with worst Parliamentary defeat in history must ensure now that Parliament prevents a no-deal Brexit. ALL agree that would be catastrophic. More my PB pg via
I voted (in my naivety) to leave the EU, and now 2 yrs later, I wish I hadn't. And If I were given the opportunity to vote to stay in the EU, I would. Do I not have the right to change my mind? #Brexit
Those for chaos say 'Aye' those for order say 'nay' #Brexit
May’s Brexit Deal Failed. What Happens Now?
“Arlene Foster, who still has all the warmth of the matriarch of a remote farm who retains the passports of her labourers.” Time for #indywales and support #yescymru.
Outstanding.
Why Brexit is a living hell for Jeremy Corbyn... not just Theresa May
And wind up the French fishermen at the same time’
These Welsh men arguing about Brexit on TV sum up exactly where we are in the debate
"The first losers of [a no deal Brexit] are the British people". So, after last nights defeat of Theresa May's deal, what's next for Brexit? Here is French President Macron outlining the possible scenarios.
#Brexit Great pics and text:
And you honestly believe that a no deal Brexit will mean people will be left to die for want of drugs? I sympathise with your predicament, but not your use of it to try and emotionally blackmail others.
Theresa May’s Brexit plan suffered a huge defeat. What comes next? - BBC News US #ScrapBrexit #Return2EU
as usual your bias to this EU exposed.
Dominic Grieve has tabled two bills today, for a second referendum. Normally these sort of Bills wouldn't have a chance without the Government supporting them. However, there have been...
Brexit and no-confidence vote: Corbyn targets 'zombie government' #Masterplayer #Seamaster
BBC News - Brexit vote: Donald Tusk hints UK should stay in EU
Image copyright PA Forget what might happen when the tellers read out the numbers on Tuesday night, let’s think about what’s at stake. With Brexit, it’s nearly always subjective, but according to MPs and...
HEAR HEAR
They should have been engaged during the last 2 years. Seems awfully late to be asking this question now #brexit #BrexitShambles #governmentshambles
When you put it like that...
Jeremy Corbyn has taken up Theresa May’s offer to call a no confidence vote in the government in an effort to trigger a general election, after the prime minister suffered an historic defeat on her Brexit deal. via
Its leaver versus leaver in the tory party i think brexit should be like this i think brexit should be like that i want no deal and the EU to come with a deal i want no deal whatsoever ....
I respectfully disagree. Brexit and Trump’s wall pale in comparison
The people who fund the Conservative Party are implacably opposed to a #NoDealBrexit, and would have no hesitation in simply turning off the cash tap. #Brexit #BrexitVote #NoConfidenceVote #NoConfidenceMotion #MOATS
'EU will bite our arms off' Farage REVEALS brilliant plan to secure Brexit in 48 HOURS
Hope you are right, the EU fears Corbyn more than a no deal brexit
Mark Francois: "Its no secret that me and the Prime Minister do not see eye to eye on the issue of #Brexit" Random backbench MP: "yeah, she's taller than you" Even during this debate there's always time for banter
Brexit Smalkais stils
#TheresaMay is stil wrong ! It will be easy : she must resign, and the UK must organize a new #referendum !!!
You should stand Liz. The only good thing about this Brexit shambles is we all know how crap our leaders are and the need radical changes. No1 being they must have had proper job for at least 10 years before going in to politics. Also a spine would be nice too.
The have launched a new blog series on Brexit. Check out the first one with , ,
inept leadership be damned "No Deal" Brexit! is a win fall. Hold fast Britains &amp; have your sovereignty help the Britain's Mar 29th take them McDonald's #MAGA #MBGA
Births and Brexit, Beijing and Brussels
This idiot was Brexit secretary and negotiating so who is he trying to blame the idiot Davis says government conceded on divorce payment via
Blackford has a cheek. His party resembles mark warburton, if plan a fails keep fucking doing it.
Confidence vote LIVE: Corbyn’s plan backfires as MPs pressure him to change Brexit stance
Struggling to think how that would meet their objective of frustrating brexit. Would give gov a clear run on actually leaving on 29 March.
Does Brexit have to go ahead? In short, no. #PeoplesVote #RevokeA50
It's all bluster &amp; pointless. JRM has already said that only statute can override statute. #MayMustResign #DrainTheSwamp
De facto, anyone who flirts with hard Brexit is doing so, and the people who do so know it well. Everyone else supports the alternatives - CU and SM or a backstop while find another answer.
James O'Brien: "No Deal Or No Brexit, That's Where We Are Now" - LBC
This interview was all that’s wrong with politics/current stance at the moment. Dragging up political history rather than finding ways to work together. I despair. The whole political class has seemingly only self interested. No one can win through division right now.
How about this option
The Brexit Saga Is Far From Over - Here's What Analysts Are Expecting Now
Leavers: we blame remainers for Brexit not being a success Also Leavers: May's deal is shit, we always wanted no deal anyway
Brexit ou Mayxit?
Why Brexit is a living hell for Jeremy Corbyn... not just Theresa May
The PM, attempting to get a common consensus on Brexit from Parliament is like a woman attempting to get pregnant by copulating with a eunuch.
#BREXIT Seems that the next version of the coup is here! Any Tory MPs wanting BREXIT need to ditch May today.
New tumblr post: "Gold joins the rest of the markets in generally benign early reaction to Brexit vote" , gold, investing, ira, rollover, roll over
New tumblr post: "DMR–Gold joins the rest of the markets in generally benign early reaction to Brexit vote" , gold, investing, ira, rollover, roll over
Very well put! It's a shame the #commons can't work together for the country &amp; make Great Britain "Great" again! #Brexit
It’s weird that people are expecting Corbyn to fix Brexit when he’s no better than May on the issue. Also a second referendum is a terrible idea. The only adult way to fix this is to reject the original referendum and live with the consequences of doing that.
Gregg’s near work hasn’t had any vegan sausage rolls all week. Raging. Fucking Brexit.
Stop Brexit and you will have millions of votes. Can you
Ken doing an impression of Theresa May trying to deliver her Brexit deal
Yep, this is pretty spot on. I'd suggest that in particular "des gens qui disent n'importe quoi" is a good summary of the Leave campaign...
17m brexit rule 66m uk humans crazy brexit , and brexit leader say freedom yet sat no freedom to scotland
Mark #Carney: Financial markets think no-deal Brexit less likely - business live - The Guardian #bankCrisis #news
Theresa May faces defeat in Parliament over her Brexit Deal.
Theresa May Admits Last-Minute EU Brexit Offer Not Enough For Some MPs - HuffPost UK
Labour have explained their Brexit position to the press esp millions of times. So the press know what it is but disingenuously claim that its not clear. All part of the smear campaign.
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaargh. Here begineth my #Brexit commentary. Imagine it continuing in much the same vein.
But anti brexit coverage is a disgrace
corby sits on a platform of being anti-austerity &amp; jobs 1st, i believe, jobs are already going &amp; those on low income will b hit hardest by a brexit induced austerity, it will b cold comfort 2 know we have been martyred 4 corby
Curious, what is your take on the Brexit vote yesterday and it’s immediate impacts on the British energy sector?
showing again why he had my vote when he stood on the Labour Candidate selection for #mayoroflondon . Simply superb on #brexit .
I live in his constituency 55/45 is not overwhelming and is now forecast to be remain.He voted to leave last night, he says nothing on Brexit .....pathetic
Richard Charkin: ‘Try Another Word’ /
I would naturally take on the role of regent until Leofric came of age, and I promise to never allow him to force ladies to ride naked through Coventry! 3/3 #Brexit
That would be in a post brexit deal, which labour could only negotiate "if" in power. It would not be part of the current WA bill It will take years Companies won't wait, they'll move in months if not weeks
As you know - the UK is currently devouring itself re Brexit as there is no majority to accept the supremacy of EU law within May's deal. Because it tells us that the UK is not itself independent within the EU. I'm content with that, but I have to also accept the truth of it.
Olly robbins must be sacked. Or be sent to his bed with no dinner ,but he has to be punished.
The REAL Brexit was the friends we made along the way.
I been saying all along its a well orchestrated fit up Now the cats out of the bag #maymustgo
BLOG: Presently, UK #creditors can use European Enforcement Orders for securing enforcement of Judgments in other EU states. With uncertainty over #Brexit, how could this be affected? Find out more &gt;&gt;
Aim for the moon and the stars; fall flat on the floor!!
I'm at a loss of what to think about Brexit and all but I have just noticed that there's something rather delicious about .
Since the french don’t like this chap much and we’re none too fond of our political leaders- how about a French PM-exchange? #brexit
Being BombDiggity is out! #brexit #nationalhatday
To Right Sir!
The PM has no intention of making any significant change to the Brexit deal and the EU will not be prepared to re-open negotiations unless there is a change of government or at least some meaningful cross-party consensus.#NoConfidence
Steve Hilton: Original intent of Brexit - restoring freedom and sovereignty - buried by inept bureaucrats
On the issue of #Brexit you have failed your party, your members, your supporters and the country. From the very beginning YOU should have backed 100% #Remain and after the Referendum you should then have campaigned 100% for an #ExitFromBrexit. This will be your historic #shame
This is a press release from the operators of Eurotunnel who state that cars and lorries will continue to flow even in the situation of No-Deal. If businesses prepare correctly then there is nothing to fear in a WTO Brexit. Project fear fails again.
Tim Martin (Wetherspoons) is a comical clown. His red faced, alcoholic sweaty Brexit dancing is a fun distraction from the serious matters to hand. Thanks Tim!
China Boosts Netflix as Investors Ignore Brexit Vote
Hit me with your Brexit stick.....hit me, hit me. #EUsongsOrBands
Brexit: MPs debate no-confidence motion after May's deal defeat – Politics live
absolutely garbage coming out of mouth!! Jaguar are using BREXIT to smooth over cracks!! Disgusting by all to think we are idiots!!
Check out The Daily 202 from
Erm...public perception is already at an all time low for any number of reasons..refusal to have all parties working on brexit,self interest,deceit,hatred,lack of common sense,delaying tactics,lies...need I go on?
#UK: Why Brexit left Jeremy Corbyn and the Labour Party in a spin
Man, am I dissapointed to find out that 2019 is just gonna be 2018 with added brexit.
Corbyn said today 'the party will decide' the policy on Brexit at GE. Hopefully (!) that's good news and we will get a proper opposition.
Yes #RightWillOfThePeopleDefeated, now, thankfully, now's an apt time to accept #WillOfLabourMembers and start trying to think about how a Labour government can help to heal some of the harm and division wrought by a Brexit omnishambles.
Even such a massive defeat did make #TeresaMay to realize how unpopular and her deal are? She is still holding chair and keeping same line on #Brexit
People who talk about overall majorities are living in the past. Regardless of who led either party, that is simply no longer this country. #Brexit #BrexitVote #NoConfidenceVote #NoConfidenceMotion #MOATS
Both and know current arrangements can be extended to cope with diverging product regs. If they impose a hard border it's because Brussels threatens tax harmonisation if they don't. Who'll blink first?
Brexit is a national embarrassment and will undoubtedly make life very tough for our customers in 2019 - Here's how is at least helping our business customers get ready.
Oh do shut up "John Rule Britannia" go look after your Roses in the Green House BBC News - Brexit vote: Donald Tusk hints UK should stay in EU
The Tories just spent 2.5 years trying to sort out Brexit. In the meantime, they failed to make any progress on: - poverty - the NHS - housing - education Or, of course, Brexit #NoConfidence #BrexitShambles
The British House of Commons only voted against May's #Brexit deal. The draft of a #German Brexit transitional law (BT-Drs.19/5313), which is to cushion the consequences of the Brexit, is strongly criticized by experts
I just come in from my daily round of golf to see you on the box. Looking lovely and informative as ever..Cant we have you every day instead of Burley?..Im going to get a petition up. 100.000 is nothing for a man of my position. Usually horizontal..Whats this Brexit about then?
Bring called delusional by someone who thinks Brexit can be stopped through a bit of vague wishing and a hashtag. That’s gotta hurt Si
For those who've had enough of #Brexit
Exultant today is Vladimir Putin. Over Brexit’s, resounding, defeat. And expectant, moreover, of a finding, later today, of ... no confidence, in the government, of Theresa May. Vladimir Putin is growing, by leaps and bounds ... increasingly ... confident.
No: 1 May's deal was Brexit but no one likes it 2 slight majority in '16 for leave but majority now want to stay 3 but Brextremists will resist any further vote in case they lose 4 leaving with no deal is THE worst outcome. It wasn't even discussed let alone promised or voted for
Equally No Deal has no mandate and is mindlessly reckless too. But the overriding point is that unless the people are consulted again, a clear majority will be dissatisfied by any deal brought forward. Labour's Brexit stance is still rooted in this obvious fallacy.
Corbyn doesn't get to use the existence of foodbanks as a weapon whilst he continues to support brexit.
Government ‘sneaks out’ £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote
17.4 million voted for brexit. If half of those voted for UKIP in a general election that's 8.7 million. What did Tories get in 2017? About 13 million? That's a lot of votes.
They can make as many bowel movements as they like but a 2nd ref needs two things. Firstly request an art50 extension which must be approved by all EU countries. Secondly there would need to be new legislation to make ref2 happen. All this of course would delay Brexit exit.
Activist erect billboards under Russian GRU guise | The Northern Quota #Brexit
You truly couldn't make this Brexit shit up if you had a thousand toddlers at a thousand typewriters.
A timely parody of the Brexit situation!
business as usual for us. no point in worrying about brexit when we have no idea what is happening. feels a little like the millenium bug for us!
This coverage suggests twofold reaction in #EU: - We’re alright, Jack! - So sad for you Brits that you have democracy to contend with. - Carry on referending until you get the right result. #Brexit via
See also "Brexit"
Deal or No Deal: where does #Brexit leave us now? Business Lecturer contemplates the impact of Brexit - #BrexitDeal #NoDealBrexit
Hillsborough football disaster court case continues during Brexit pantomime, 96 people died
Thank you very much for the well thought out and constructed retort, it's the way you tell them! Can't wait to see you on the front bench in the commons discussing Brexit...
Most people take a position on Brexit with absolutely no knowledge of what leaving or remaining will mean, all PM's from Heath, Wilson, Thatcher, Blair lied or failed to disclose the truth.
#BREXIt Remainer LIES: President Donald Tusk, said western political civilisation would be destroyed if the UK voted 'Leave'.
Looking fit with his new do.
Just confirms my opinion of him that he is a colossal prick
I don't know about the Iron lady, "Teflon Theresa" would be more apt as nothing sticks and she carrys on regardless #brexit #PMQs #UK #leadership
Just been curious. Will #Brexit have any influence on British colonies especially those still under #British occupation like Nigeria?
I preferred Anna Soubry when she was a drunk. #Brexit
Anna Soubry is no hypocrite! She is a sincere and motivated MP. Observing the Commons at work throughout the Brexit crisis, shows that female MPs such as Anna invariably talk sense, while male MPs talk hogwash. Just an observation...
The fact that Westminster MP's can't agree on Brexit is not new. That is why the people were asked to decide. A 2nd ref delivering another leave vote would result in same position. It is therefore a moot point. MPs were ORDERED to deliver. They must do it or resign.
You are playing a very dangerous game mate
Dear , your motion of no confidence is irrelevant if all you are going to do is offer a rehashed version of #brexit. Some genuine opposition to the current mess &amp; a viable alternative to this awful govt is what's needed. Now would be a good time to offer these things.
After last night's Brexit defeat HR has huge challenges ahead including preparing for potential skills gaps. Facing this uncertainty, a #businessreadiness approach empowers HR to recruit the best people &amp; fill training requirements for your current team
Before there is any thought of a People's Vote the MPs who stopped the Brexit we voted for in the first one must resign Our current MPs don't care what we vote for Our current MPs cannot be trusted with the result of any referendum result they don't want Resign, go, depart
Even Larry the Cat is taking the mick!! #Brexit
What May's comprehensive Brexit defeat might mean for racing: Had MPs voted to agree the terms of the prime minister's withdrawal agreement, then on March 30, the day after Brexit, racing would have continued ...
On so it begins, ads on Facebook promoting "No Deal", click on link in tweet below to see Facebook ads and promoters.
#PMQs French style: Today Assemblée Nationale, Minister for europe reiterated re #Brexit: only 3 possibilities - same deal, no deal, no Brexit. 'We are assuming no Brexit &amp; doing everything to protect our citizens, our businesses &amp; British citizens in France.'
BBCNEWS 6:45am CONFIDENCE VOTE DEBATE. PM: Key thing parliament needs to do is deliver Brexit' I CONFIDENCE VOTE DEBATE. Jeremy...
To be clear Nigel, #TheresaMay and #Brexit are symptoms of a much bigger problem. #LiberalismIsADisease
Irish PM denies having secret no-deal Brexit plan for border checks
May’s govt faces no-confidence vote after huge Brexit defeat
Nothing has changed, except we’re all two months closer to the grave.
Dutch government confirms UK nationals will retain existing rights if UK leaves EU without a #Brexit deal: #BritonsinEurope #EUcitizens #EuropeofCitizens #EUGreenCard
Joris is back! Who on Brexit is never wrong.
THIS REMAINER REBEL IS *MOST* CONFUSED!! BREXIT WAS NOT A DREAM SOLD ON LIES AND MISINFORMATION 3 YEARS AGO... IT IS A FANTASY *30 YEARS* IN THE MAKING!! ALL DESIGNED TO PUT POWER INTO THE HANDS OF LIKES OF ME... SOON MY POWER WILL BE ABSOLUTE!! IT IS... MY DESTINY...
Goffs chief Beeby slams parliament and warns of dangers of no-deal Brexit: Goffs UK chairman and group chief executive Henry Beeby has warned a no-deal Brexit scenario could be very detrimental to the racing and breeding ...
Brexit must not be delayed ... we will never ever forgive anyone who delays Brexit except to implement it more fully ... is this now to be Parliament at war with the English people?
The Daily 202: From Brexit to NATO and the shutdown, Putin is winning so much he might get tired of winning
Though there's a subtlety that might support Niemietz's position - on Brexit the EEA Agreement no longer applies to us (under Article 126(1)), but does it go away or is it just suspended until we are again an EU or EFTA member?
With a Brexit Breakfast you can either have breakfast or not. There's no way of knowing what's for breakfast but it'll cost you a fortune. If you strongly decide not to have a Brexit Breakfast but others do want it then you will be forced to eat breakfast &amp; pay for the privilege.
Once again the man who has consistently worked against his constituents and has kept his seat only by a lack of political understanding in our area has voted to fuck us. Frank Field is a Tory in labour clothing and an embarrassment to the people of Birkenhead
Awe you tweeting this to take people’s minds off what a fuck up of brexit you’ve done KNOBHEADS
Theresa May suffers historic defeat as parliament rejects fresh Brexit deal
Theresa May's "Brexit" plan was soundly defeated in Parliament Tuesday and now she'll face a vote of no confidence. Here's a selection of today's front pages from the UK.
Brexit turmoil ups drinks industry concerns as logistics group calls for 'No Brexit'
Brexit reportage in a nutshell!
via Historian: Queen Should Suspend Parliament to Stop Remain MPs from Blocking Brexit
Corbyn faces mounting pressure to back a new vote on Brexit
Needs at the helm anyway. Write to the reasonable MPs to make this happen.
Analysis | May’s Brexit debacle reaches a new low
I am speechless. How does he have the gall to say that?
Brexit vote reactions and analysis | DW News
Need to blow the dust off the mandate Ronnie, anything else is not going to work for Scotland!
Historian: Queen Should Suspend Parliament to Stop Remain MPs from Blocking Brexit
Subscribe Here to get a few chapters for FREE from the book Please #RT #gold #silver #stocks #trading #trades #markets #Investing #today #rich #education #hope #dreams #Giveaway #free #positivity #focus #goals #life #money #success #fun #levelup #brexit
Why Brexit is a living hell for Jeremy Corbyn... not just Theresa May
Are you young, in and against #Brexit? Then show it. Write to your representative and tell them that you will not vote Labour until they reverse policy on Brexit, and that if they won’t, you will quit the party. Don’t let them think they can take us for granted #Remain
Historian: Queen Should Suspend Parliament to Stop Remain MPs from Blocking Brexit
Taoiseach Leo Varadkar confirms plans for hard border now being implemented #Brexit
Current state of the UK. #Brexit #SecondReferendum
Stocks rise after strong earnings from Goldman Sachs and Bank of America -
He has no policy on Brexit unless he takes momentum to downing street
Barry's tea for the win?
"Having given the PM another political bloody nose, are her colleagues on the hunt for compromises or is the opposition within her Conservative party basically implacable?" - Open Europe's writes in
This says it in a nutshell. “Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK.” #US #UK #DonaldTrump #TheresaMay #VladimerPutin #Putin #Trump #Russia #Brexit
Trouble he is even more hard Brexit than most tories.
What form of Brexit do you think the majority of the public would support?
Brexit shambles: The only way forward is to put aside party politics, personal political ambition and work together to find the best solution. Working in isolation is no longer an option. What happens now affects the UK for generations to come.
Or as a Frenchman or Dutch, or Greek, or any other nation under the sun, no we are not different. But our culture in Scotland, outward looking, progressive, international, whilst yours is summed up by Brexit.
Just had a work email basically begging people to join teams to work on #Brexit Fuck.That.
Labour has six tests for any Brexit deal. I expect it to apply them to any deal proposed including any deal it proposes itself. A few examples: On test 2, membership of the Single Market and Customs Union entails...
BREXIT LIVE: EU facing CIVIL WAR as German leader calls for DIRECT talks with May
Go back to Africa
The UK is like the kid that comes into school on Mufty day in school uniform. Everyone laughs at you. Kinda the same situation right now for us. Europe is laughing at us because we don’t have a clue. #Brexit #BrexitChaos #Brexitdeal
Sky Data Brexit poll: Public thinks UK 'in crisis' but opposes no-confidence vote
From Brexit to NATO and the shutdown, Putin is winning so much he might get tired of winning - The Washington Post
European Commission To Step Up Preparations For No-deal Brexit - - KOLLMAN REPORT
also this is april we're talking about so pls fix this brexit border control shit by then, thanks x
EU 'in no mood' to renegotiate Brexit deal as chiefs demand UK axes 'red lines'
Pharma calls for ‘no deal’ preparation after #Brexit deal rejected #healthcare
Heading back towards the Bank of England target of 2%, which makes interest rate rises less likely (that's before we even consider potential Brexit impact on the economy) Inflation at lowest in nearly two years
Why do certain Tories (Leadsom, Davies, Johnson, Dorries and more) believe it is "now up to the EU to be more flexible"? Not only do the EU not need to be, but the MPs' inflammatory rhetoric stokes more EU hatred in certain Brexit supporters and they must know this. #AskPeston
Remember, any MP who voted they have no confidence in #Mays deal last night, but tonight votes for her to continue as PM and deliver #Brexit is a hypocrite so large, there is not a font big enough to write it down!
I could live with either (or others) at this point but: a) there is no way* to achieve that in Brexit timeframe b) without Corbyn first I don’t think they would be confident enough to outright oppose austerity c) Corbyn will vote for People’s Vote when it comes up. *Assasination?
Reminds me of May's Brexit deal - only given one outing.
Brexit Hits Another Bump
This is excellent
Of course you'll vote for her today, you're a Tory and staying in power has been your priority throughout the whole Brexit process. I know it won't happen, but if any government deserves to lose a #NoConfidence vote, it's yours.
He’s not going to be PM by opposing the majority of his members and voters and facilitating any kind of Brexit - that hits the poorest and weakest even harder than now. No-one will forgive Labour for that.
New Tricks for an Old Dog: Getting Brexit through Parliament
It’s just empty words with the aim of us leaving the EU but avoiding blame. Brexit / Lexit - Gammon/Lambon - same shit.
The UK is the laughing stock of Europe. With good reason.
Unilateral withdrawal of A50 for purely tactical reasons isn’t likely or workable says #brexit call with members and media
PMQs verdict: Corbyn exposes May's empty offer of cross-party Brexit talks
Brexit: stage one in Europe’s slow-burn energy collapse
It's becoming ever more clear that the public will, at some point, need to be consulted again on this issue - including if Corbyn negotiates his own Brexit terms. Backing a people's vote between leaving and a deal of his own crafting would win him support.
I see her going for a softer Brexit and customs union to get more on her side &amp; vote her deal through. She's a Remainer &amp; EU pleaser!
U do Understand the World is laughing &amp; once a Powerful #America #US &amp; #UK Democracy is Crumbling. Get a Grip on our Country &amp; Get Us a New Leader as #President before it's too Late! #amustsee #news #media #publicists #journalists #radio
The Brexit/No Confidence debate continues in House of Commons. Tories braying like stupid Eton schoolboys. There is NO HOPE for this Country if these are our Parliamentarians. God Help Us All.
Reality check: If Scottish independence is risky, Brexit is certain doom. Roll on, #indyref2
The government claims we have diverse supply chains that mean our food supply to this country won't be effected by brexit. can you name a country we trade with to get food that won't be effected by a possible no deal brexit?
has made a commitment to try to get return of th 4 controls, in-keeping with th Ref'm. It's not her place 2 lend assistance 2 others set on goals that r contrary to that. Better to run th risk of defeat in battle, than make it certain by capitulation #tories #brexit
Clear and transparent. This is why I love Macron.
#JeremyCorbyn rolls his eyes when asked by to join with all the opposition parties and call for a #PeoplesVote on #Brexit during the #ConfidenceVote
The Brexit disaster in the UK and the government shutdown nightmare in the US, that's what you get when you vote for right-wingers. Pure chaos. #Brexit #TrumpShutdown #WednesdayWisdom
Eurotunnel accuses the British government over Brexit ferry deals - PROMYSKAT
Except the ‘new’ Customs Union is ruled out by the desire to negotiate our own deals. These mean a variation of EU rules, so that’s the end of the ‘union’. And a Single Market means all companies treated alike, so no ‘Britain First’ industrial policy.
An overall majority these days would require Scottish independence, removal of Northern Ireland from the UK, and transformation of either Labour or the Tories into the Lib Dems. No chance. #Brexit #BrexitVote #NoConfidenceVote #NoConfidenceMotion #MOATS
The only vote these people might get is whether they will agree with the deal they have with the EU or not. We handed in our notice to the EU 18 months ago you can't go back to any job in the real world 2 years after you resigned #BrexitVote #brexitdebate #Brexit
Brexit Results: Here are the results of the UK’s Brexit Vote via RESPECT THE PEOPLES VOTE!!!?
We're all sick and fed up!
Public rally behind petition against delaying Brexit
We'll just have to beat them again #brexit
Personally I think, short term UK would have some pain, but long term gain!
obviously the weak pound we'll see after no deal brexit
Merkel: We still have time to negotiate on Brexit
Turned on the car radio to find interviewing my vile fomer MP and failed Special Advisor to the first failed Brexit minister, Stewart Jackson. Fortunately it was right at the end of the interview so I didn't have to turn off again.
'The British people' voted for #brexit. But does THE 'British people' exist? No, only in the power play of politicians. An outcome percentage is a statistical concept, it has no will and has nothing to do with democracy and supporting the interests of minorities.
Pro-EU UK Conservative lawmaker puts forward legislation for second Brexit referendum - Reuters
Look for business flyer design ?Please contact
He`s a pig of a man, his arrogance knows no bounds &amp; yet Sky &amp; the BBC keep wheeling him out with his anti-Brexit rants. But as we all know the BBC &amp; Sky have been pro-Europe from day 1
“This country fought a World War(with aid of Commonwealth, Empire, India, Russia, USA etc) so why should we worry about a no deal #Brexit?”
Sturgeon in London ahead of UK government confidence vote #Brexit #UK #EU #Scotland #NI #Wales #England #Ireland #voters #politics #elections #economy #trade #finance #markets #investors
Depends. May have to be a tactical vote for Labour (I'm in a Lab/Con marginal) but would depend on their Brexit policy. Would like a strong Lib Dem presence right now but not sure they actually stood for my seat last time
No David, there's no majority for 2nd ref (71 Labour MPs plus change). Please start working on possible deliverable such as the Norway model. It's irresponsible to get hopes up, and bad for the wellbeing of those obsessed to the point of psychosis about reversing Brexit.
Why an accidental Brexit could be the best thing for the UK via
#BREXIT #TrumpShutdown Donny and Teresa sitting in a tree. W..... i...... n...... n...... i..... n...... g.
Paris to accelerate preparations for no-deal Brexit – French presidential source
Brexit is thwarting itself, mate.
He should know by now that Brexit is no one priority for the country now. Other issues very important. Gaining power to address them is a novel aim. However, right now is just an aspiration, realistically. Not the right time for a lot of reasons. Priority must be a 2nd ref.
So good !
I just saw somebody in an office take *half a doughnut* from a box. We're worried about Brexit when there is this level of psychopathy running rife in our businesses?!
Brexit is a shit sandwich and you’re complaining that May couldn’t garnish it enough to hide the taste.
I don't want BREXIT. I want unity. UK should keep with EU. Elsewhere in Parliament - MPs question former Brexit secretary via #share2steem
brexit leader say freedom yet same ones say NO FREEDOM FOR SCOTLAND
Expert in trade policy? The FCO is offering up to £1.4m to an organisation able to provide an intensive training course in advanced trade policy to its civil servants. #Brexit uncertainty makes this more urgent than ever. Deadline for bids Jan 21st.
Read our editor's latest blog: Historic Brexit vote to reject the UK government's deal with the EU creates greater uncertainty for businesses,including inconfectionery and bakery #FDF #UK #EU #Brexit #logistics #confectioneryproduction...
Over the shouting, it is easy to forget the only certain things about #Brexit . The #youth of #Britain and the #EU never wanted it! We will have to live with it! We will be the last ones to be consulted! Yet, we will #survive!
Ben they don’t want Brexit at all.
I voted remain but as a Scot I detest the SNP who want to split us from the UK .... no to Brexit and a HUGE no to Scottish Independence
Brexit shit storm reigns supreme #brexitdebate #NoConfidenceVote #wereallfucked
Tory policy: Maximum damage, minimum responsibility. Nothing new there then!
Brussels boasts that Theresa May’s Brexit deal will tie Britain to following EU rules for years to come
Can't you see Brexit - especially No Deal - will destroy social services, cause massive job losses, break up the UK as the embittered Scots secede? That the fascist far right back it with such fervor? How can such national and human destruction advance Socialism? I despair.
Just keep reminding yourselfs Americans, at least we're not the English.
Please please please get this woman out! No confidence from anyone! Get this vote done, get her out and put #Brexit back to a public vote. No campaigns, no gimics, people have had 2 years of listening to Brexit let's put an end to this #Stay
The rules of the referendum were clear and accepted by both sides before the vote. The rules DO NOT allow for the losers to retrospectively change the rules because they lost. 89.7% of votes cast in 2017 were for candidates promising Brexit. OVERWHELMING support for Brexit!
Rest of UK doesn't matter and polls are always accurate is what you're saying. I want the Tories out more than anything else. Until there is a significant change in public's understanding of how impossible a sensible brexit deal is another ref or PV will only do more harm.
Check out The Daily 202 from
Tories out please but I don’t see an alternative either. Labour, maybe? With Corbyn at the helm? No way!! #Brexit #NoConfidenceVote #BrexitDealVote
Hum along on your headphones until it's home time: Perfect World Acoustic by Zero Uk #NowPlaying #EverydayAnthems #WednesdayThoughts #Brexit
Brexit making me anxious. Im moving to Mars, see y'all later.
Be grateful the EU are not treating the UK as badly as the UK treated Ireland when we wanted full independence. You can have any Brexit you like once the UK is dissolved. Bin the UK and England can have any Brexit it likes.
Following the vote on the withdrawal treaty, Chris Blundell of UK accounting firm highlights post-Brexit cost implications from the lack of bi-lateral social security arrangements with many EU states
Merkel: We still have time to negotiate on Brexit
If you are fed up with hearing about Brexit - do something positive to take your mind of the doom and gloom. Call us now - you could be one of our success stories in 2019 - just like David, Marianne and family. #FirstDates#BREXIT
This morning at Radio Interview NPO5
All parliament needs to do to deliver brexit is sit back and do nothing.
It is sickening watching a failed government that betrayed its people with a brexitvote to try and remain in power, there is no confidence of trust at all they will do things that will make people regret that it was a bad idea leaving the EU , simple logic #Brexit
If true, that is proof positive that Labour, ALL Labour back brexit. No matter conference policy. No matter what labour membership want. It will prove Labour is NOT democratic. If untrue, then it is proof positive that I am wrong!
Yes brexit a very convenient smoke screen to hide their austerity programme
Astonishing. Brexit is a right-wing project which cannot help your aims.
Check out The Daily 202 from
Steve Hilton: Original intent of Brexit - restoring freedom and sovereignty - buried by inept bureaucrats
Is Brexit uncertainty good news for BTL landlords?
A likely sensible approach, though Mr Flynn has dedicated many years to public service, right now it seems that all hands are needed at the pump
Why the lie corbyn has revealed as he wants a custom union so stop playing games may Corbyn has not revealed Brexit plans, says PM via
Brexit would be good for skilled workers from India: R Chandrashekhar
...and this is our shadow justice secretary...
#British #Brexit #farce #BrexitShambles The perfect division of a nation having taken decades perfecting is upon us. Shouting matches between each camp with Leavers, Remainers and that utterly ignored camp – those that Abstained
I'm not. I suspect Brexit would win with a greater majority. There are 2 reasons I oppose a 2nd referendum:- 1. It's pointless. It will solve nothing. 2. A concern for democracy. If we can have a 2nd referendum in these circumstances, then the precedent is set for a 3rd or a 4th.
Just heard Jeremy Corbyn described as a ‘Brexit-loving charlatan’. Hard to disagree.
Brexit: What happens next?
When this sorry political mess is over, there will surely be serious consequences for political parties and leaders who have consistently put party politics ahead of the national interest. Time for a new political landscape #Brexit
Odd how all Brexiteers in Parliament suddenly support her despite she absolutely betraying Brexit and our country because " I'm a Conservative". Isn't really a get-out is it? Strange logic.
#BREXIT Remainer LIES: David Cameron implied in a speech about the "serried rows of white headstones" that World War 3 would be upon us if Brexit occurred.
Voting has always been a scam. But now it's being exposed as such....especially in the U.S. and U.K.
Theresa May MP: Deselect Anna Soubry for creating divisions in the Brexit process - Sign the Petition! via
I see the Fundamentalist Brexiteers are running scared of consulting the people and making Brexit accountable. Some 'democrats'.
"Macron: Referendum 'manipulated' by fake news, 'everybody' scared of No Deal" Only you, baby boy...only you...
Wow, grab the popcorn for the Brexit conundrum.
Hope. 2 1/2 years after the referendum that is all we have left because Theresa May's duplicitous gameplan to frustrate Brexit before stopping it altogether nears its final phase as Tory MPs sit back and fail to get rid of her by voting No Confidence tonight.
Hurry up and resign, hopefully will sign you up for the next series that would be ace #BrexitDeal #Brexit
Wake Up Call: With Deal Rejected, Lawyers Urge Companies to Prepare for ‘Hard’ Brexit
Britain begins stockpiling food and medicine as failed Brexit deal sends country into chaos: MSNBC
“Gordian knot” — #DeMorgen (Belgium's centre-left daily) #brexit #WithdrawalAgreement
A 'no deal' Brexit is best for Britain and the United States #FoxNews
What does Meghan think about Brexit? She's still a US citizen.
How many pro-remain BBC journalists would be disqualified on that basis? Ironically Andrew Neil as a Brexiteer was better able to skewer nonsense on tariffs and WTO deals than other presenters I've seen. If you watched the debate you could not fairly accuse him of bias
Brexit path unclear after crushing defeat for Prime Minister Theresa May's deal
This is a referendum that was manipulated from the outside by what we now refer to as ‘fake news’. The people were lied to. What they voted for isn’t possible. ‘People were LIED to’ Macron attacks ‘manipulated’ Brexit vote after May’s deal rejected
Francois stood up asking for a new leader of He did not stand up and ask for a Marxist to become incumbent.
Bollocks to Brexit (pass it on)
It's not 759 trade deals. It's 759 trade agreements. Many of which have been and are being replaced ready for Brexit day.
&gt; "We want a ref" &gt; ok, do it &gt; "We lost, but we're still Scotland" &gt; ok &gt; "HOW DARE YOU VOTE TO LEAVE THE EU. WE WANT ANOTHER VOTE ON BREXIT AND THE UNION" &gt; no &gt; "how dare you. scotttlaandnddndndddd"
'It's a shambles': the view from the country on Brexit now
If they don't work to prevent Brexit, I don't believe that for a second.
Just reached two followers so I decided to do a face reveal. #realme #Brexit
Corbyn has offered nothing to resolve the Brexit issue - this rather grubby power grab is as incompetent as everything else he does - when will his party see sense and find someone who can actually do the job?
Cutting through the Brexit noise, and . A quality piece
German carmakers warn hard Brexit would be 'fatal' - Reuters WHAT PEOPLE DO NOT REALISE IS AFTER WW2 BRITAIN SAVED VW AND PUT THE WORK FORCE TO WORK AND INTO JOBS FOR THE GERMAN PEOPLE ONCE THE NAZI REGIME HAD GONE. BMW IN THEORY WAS SAVED AS WELL.
Someone in my cultural management lecture tried to enquiry how will current #brexit situation affect most people studying my degree. Not sure how looked more stressed - classmates or my lecturer...
The man’s a bloody GENIUS!
me blissfully judging brexit and british politics like america ain’t burning to the ground in front of my eyes
Theresa May says she will reach out and listen...Barnier tells Britain the deal is the result of her red lines. Today: May says she will not abandon her red lines on customs union
Here is Boris Johnson in Ireland last Friday giving a completely different plan UK audience = no deal fine Ireland audience = leave but retain implantation period with all benefits they have a video
and her hitler-esque party, dont want the country to see plans for #Brexit, because it would be good for ALL citizens of the #UK. May only wants to take care of the 1%ers. Thats why #Tories continue to cull the poor and sick! #MSM
I'd guess that after pressure from the CBI some Tory MPs will vote in favour of a second or third VONC in order to avoid a no deal, or ERG will do so to avoid a softer brexit! The only other choices are call an election, cancel brexit!
My 5 year old godson has just said he has the solution to Brexit, “bring in Mary Poppins to sort it out”. That’s a solution I can get behind!
excellent piece of writing.
Theresa May faces no confidence vote after historic Brexit defeat: she's no different from trump. Two devilish people's in office!!
Best way to counter this notion is of course to point out that in the last 2 years, Government has comprehensively proved they never listen. Worse even - they placed industries under NDAs, prohibiting informing workers about risks to their futures. #BrexitChangesNothing #Remain
Companies cry out for Brexit clarity, warn on no-deal Furious companies facing weeks more uncertainty over an ever closer Brexit lashed out at politicians on Wednesday, and warned of chaos at ports and catastrophic job ... via #Business #Reuters
So Teflon Theresa looks like winning another no confidence vote, If there was even the slightest sign of Corbyn being anti brexit she would lose. However 18 months after the vote he still won’t say his position #useless #brexit
Don't blame her you have no idea what you are doing to this country and no intention of delivering brexit I would not work with you
He is validating the shut down of the car manufacturing industry by comparing it to the economic trauma of the north when the coal industry was shut down. Spitting in the face of your voters
Indeed
Brexit or not = contortionism
In 2016 millions of voters were conned, by means of false promises, into giving a disinformed consent to Brexit. Now Pm May says she has "to deliver on the will of the British people": the ultimate insult. She should let them cast a really informed vote this time
Irish PM denies having secret no-deal Brexit plan for border checks
China Boosts Netflix as Investors Ignore Brexit Vote #cryptocurrency #bitcoin #eth #btc #ICO #news
That is because you're a wise man! Health, mental health, care and welfare services are being hit hard by #austerity. Lack of attention is not limited to government, but there is a distinct lack of discussion in media outlets too - as they are all consumed by #brexit too
We need Mogg to take the helm this is probably the only chance we have of getting a real brexit and now is the time
Billboard campaign reminds voters of MPs' Brexit promises
Oh they must have a real comedic genius in charge of the account today. Mate, when you're ruthlessly pursuing power at the expense of the national interest just as much as the Tories, you have to leave the jokes to others.
When you are really running out of options #Brexit #NoConfidenceVote
Awesome graphic.
.....her mates. #JC4PM
#bloody heck... reluctance to see that ANY #brexit is bad for the #UK &amp; for the #youth is making me agree with this... come on mate!!! #wakeup #stopbrexit &amp; do what u didn’t in the referendum : BE BOLD ON #EUROPE #PeoplesVote #remain #donotbetory #tory
Investment and Trading: World stocks ride out May's Brexit defeat, pound s...
LABOUR OF LOVE playwright and BREXIT movie screenwriter breaks down the current mess in Britain and proves he's as nimble with a GIF as he is with words.
That’s why I think the only way to bring the country back to some semblance of unity is to vote again on the *reality* and the *facts*, not lies and supposition. And genuinely, if a no-deal Brexit is what people vote for, then I’ll support that. Through gritted teeth, but I will.
The way #TheresaMay has had to deal with #Brexit is what I imagine it’s like getting into a new relationship and parenting someone else’s kids who happen to be absolute melts
Miranda, do me a favour, friend me on Facebook. My mate Yasar is doing a lot of trolling about Brexit and I want you to tell him he's racist.
Brexit in one graph: a majoritarian two party system at Westminster BUT Lab and Con voters both deeply split on new Brexit cleavage. See paper From Ch 11 'Cultural Backlash' out CUP in Feb
This is it, the big one!
The law is also in place for us to revoke Article 50 and abandon the Brexit foolishness if we choose
British Parliament rejects Theresa May’s Brexit deal by wide margin via
Brexit Results: Here are the results of the UK’s Brexit Vote via RESPECT THE PEOPLES VOTE!!!?
the mitchell and webb football is happening sketch, but for brexit
Posted...
Arrogant Tory Gammon.
Nicola Sturgeon knows everything. She has a secret super plan that will save the world and reverse global warming. Just trust.
Perhaps some people voted with Theresa May's red lines in mind. But they would have been a minority. May has no referendum mandate for her red lines, and she is lying to Parliament by claiming the contrary. This adds to her lie that the referendum was an instruction. #Brexit
A no confidence vote means you just ignore it and continue anyway doesn't it ? Suggest something positive rather than just look power-hungry for once. #brexit
The #BritishPound is higher despite the increased probability of a softer #Brexit, or remaining in the E.U. as a result of the vote in parliament last night.
Please tell Julia Chatterley we are indeed preparing for a NoDeal Brexit.The road leading to the port of Ramsgate (unused for 15 yrs) is being tarted up for lorries.Yesterday,a man from Ostend port visited,said it was nowhere near ready!!! Btw Great coverage on CNN
This is it: Europe is not here to solve our domestic political problems. They need to defend the interests of the EU if the UK must leave - but, by the way, it is in everyone's interests for the UK to stay.
Dear insanity can be defined as repeating the same routine all over again expecting the same result. On reflection that sounds like your #brexit plan. Does it hurt to run against the same brick wall every five seconds, or do you get used to it?
Companies cry out for Brexit clarity, warn on no-deal #Trading #Forex
Cockney Rebel's "Make Me Smile" lyrics sum #Brexit up. #BrexitCast You've done it all, you've broken every code And pulled the rebel to the floor You spoilt the game, no matter what you say
#BREXIT Remainer LIES: George Osborne predicted tax rises and spending cuts would be implemented.
Brexit: May will liefern
Ireland Says `Not Much' Room for More Talks: Brexit Update vía
FYI scaremongering with your previous threat of a return to violence didn't work out with last night's result did they? Irish Citizens will suffer because of your intransigence, I'd take a long hard look at their interests before selfish self-interest #Brexit
To introduce a note of reality into the #NoConfidenceMotion and #brexit - as things stand now we leave the EU without a deal on the 29th March 2019 and the next General Election is 2022.
My useless MP is on this list. Anything to undermine the membership and leader. Agree these MPs are in breach of conference decision and should be deselected #NoConfidence #GeneralElectionNow
Yes, that's right, a Corbyn renegotiation with the EU is entirely possible (just as us "far left extremists" have said all along) #FBPE
This guyyyy!
the public feel the same i mean you can blame May but truth is Jeremy is a problem maybe its time for labour to practice their preaching and allow a woman to lead #brexit
BBCNEWS 6:46am BREXIT AND BUSINESS. Mark Carney: Maikeis show diminished prospect oi 'no deal" CONFIDENCE VOTE DEBATE. Losing...
Brilliant from again. I’m not sure whether ‘the Florence Foster Jenkins of politics’ or ‘an Oxfam bag torn open by a fox’ is my favourite bit.
Another reason why Macron is happy to be seen playing hardball against concessions to the UK on Brexit. Deflection is a well proven tactic for leaders during domestic troubles.
The Human Cost of Brexit to date and continuing:
So. . Ghastly.
If there's a democratic case to made for a second referendum it surely has to be on the basis of 'Deal or No Deal' rather than 'No Deal or No Brexit'.
There you have it. From the horses mouth if Labour did happen to take over government and put in charge of Brexit, Corbyn just confirmed he would keep us in a customs union In other words, keep us in the EU. Vote Labour and we are fkd
Investment and Trading: Pound wobbly after May's Brexit deal voted down
The Property Investor's Insights just out... #brexit #proptech
Ian Blackford SNP fighting against the law (article 50 and #brexit)
Why Brexit is a living hell for U-God... not just Theresa May
Over 50% of voters at the last election backed parties that ruled out a No Deal Brexit.
The SNP leader calls on Labour to work together to offer a #PeoplesVote #voteofnoconfidence #StopBrexit #RevokeArticle50
We should have gone into Brexit negotiations as a unified country. All this disparity between the parties and within the Conservatives has merely served to make us look weak and indecisive. No 1 can get a good deal, without knowing what a good deal is.
Theresa May omits Jeremy Corbyn from cross-party Brexit talks
Sent the country into chaos and caused division within all communities yet he doesn’t regret it. He’s not affected by it that’s why
we do NOT need 'a national leader', we certainly do not need another referendum which would solve nothing which ever way it went &amp; would create profound divisions and disillusionment by questioning the vote already cast. we need all our MPs to work together for a better Brexit
Unbelievable Theresa May omits Jeremy Corbyn from cross-party Brexit talks
Charmer
"...the most important step for the U.K. to take now is to ensure that future generations are trained so that there is a skilled workforce in place in order to “maintain the U.K.’s position as a global fintech hub,” of
I particularly like watching brexit through Snapchat filters.....
Brexit means Brexit
Correct put - “some youngsters voted Brexit”. Not “loads”, and use hyperbolic statements like that does your argument no credit
Take the "no deal" then. Brexit is your decision, not EUs
17M RULE 66M CRAZY BREXIT
#BREXIT #GreatBritain #Democracy Would you like to see ..
She could not make a compromise with you and SNP because hardcore Brexiteers campaigned for Brexit due to xenophobia and racism. She deport British to Jamaica per skin colour and she could not lose the base of those hardcore Brexiteers.
the annoying thing about Brexit is that it's (probably) mainly rooted in inequality, and the Labour government campaigned on inequality at the last election but got beaten by the government mainly responsible for squeezing the poor even harder. I mean, what can you do?
Brexit Options: What potential outcomes are there?
This is now pure politics. TM wants Corbyn to call for a referendum as she can claim betrayal of the people even if it passes. Corbyn knows this and wants Brexit to sink the Tories so won’t give them an out. It’s a game of chicken, who will blink in the face of No-Deal.
Last night’s spectacular defeat for ’s #Brexit deal came as no surprise. Tonight’s vote will allow MPs to make it clear – that this Government is no longer fit to govern our country. Read more about tonight's vote here -
Brexit Results: Here are the results of the UK’s Brexit Vote via RESPECT THE PEOPLES VOTE!!!?
Though there's a subtlety that might support Niemietz's position - on Brexit the EEA Agreement no longer applies to us (under Article 126(1)), but does it go away or is it just suspended unless we again become an EU member? (Rejoining via EFTA would need amendment to name us.)
Liked on YouTube: Brexit 2: May &amp; Trump vs Truth, with Stephen Fry
One of the ways Jeremy is destroying Labour is by putting incompetent MPs on the front bench while the good ones are sidelined.
I feel like this is such a surface critique of Brexit obsession. Does Brexit not impact our ability to deal with all of those other things? And are people not still talking about those things throughout Brexit talks? (Spoiler, other work continues despite and because of Brexit)
Would it not be an idea to Extend Article 50. Remain and Leaver's go around the Country and explain exactly what Brexit means and the Remainer's explain the benefits of being in the E.U. Then we can have a have a new Ref with honesty.
IMPORTANT: The EU now says it is prepared to bypass the UK government and deal directly with the House of Commons if EU/UK citizens' rights are not dealt with by Theresa May.
Investment and Trading: FTSE 100 seen lower after May's Brexit deal crush
BBC News - Brexit: Nicola Sturgeon says another EU referendum 'only credible option'
Fed up with #Brexit ? Why not read a book instead? Lives Apart: A WW2 Chronicle. Inspired by #truestory of my in-laws 5 #books UNDER £5! #BookBoost #BookBuzzr #BookWorm #bookaddict #bookandbeer Something darker? Obsession; Betrayed #CrimeFiction #Thriller
I normally write novels or novellas; however, I'm thinking maybe I should try my hand at writing for the stage. I can see it now: 'Brexit - the Musical' #writingcommmunity #writerslife #writing
#British #Brexit #farce #BrexitShambles The perfect division of a nation having taken decades perfecting is upon us. Shouting matches between each camp with Leavers, Remainers and that utterly ignored camp – those that Abstained
The last bit he speaks about is happening but the government is yet to say "we lied to you".
Posted...
Extending article 50, a permanent member of a customs union and regulatory alignment doesn’t sound like hard brexit to me
You have to laugh no matter what your politics are #WednesdayWisdom #Brexit #NoConfidenceMotion
Look out Nicola it might be you next for vote of no confidence
It is you that have been indoctrinated! Tell Dad that 17.4 million others and 83% of the electorate that voted for pro-brexit parties at the last general election agree with him and that if he wants to disown you we will visit him at Christmas instead!!
They haven’t been found guilty of any law breaking (as yet admittidley). You will get to vote at the next election. A government was elected on a brexit manifesto, making the result of the ref irrelevant. My concern is for people like you riding roughshod over democracy.
Your mates do though
I want to deliver David Cameron to the docks, a la Frank Sobotka in Season 2 of The Wire.
Time will tell. I will even go so far as to say you, personally, will be negatively affected by the outcome on Brexit. Mark my words, only the elite will be insulated from it.
No-deal Brexit survival guide UK will automatically leave the EU without a deal on 29 March 2019. This white paper explains if and how a no-deal Brexit can be stopped with a checklist of actions you can take to mitigate customs and VAT friction.
If you want good people to follow is excellent on Brexit, particularly the policy and legal side.
Love how the Irish government seems more concerned about Northern Ireland than the actual country "we belong to".
The absolute front on David Davies complaining about brexit negotiations when he was the principal negotiator. The man's a sociopath. Either that or a total idiot.
A crisis made by the so called political elite
Unfortunately Labour has the same problem. The choice is poor. Both sides have weak leaders and not capable of delivering a GE or Brexit.
except many of the members of Parliament voted against the Brexit deal because it wasn't extreme enough. It left Britain in a customs union with the EU that left GB subject to EU rules and left the borders pretty open. Conservative members want 'hard' Brexit
For the first time in three years, I write, democracy is governing the question of Britain's place in the EU. However chaotic the results, parliamentary sovereignty returned to the UK with a vengeance
Yes indeed! The only thing I would miss about Brexit is you
Are we about to witness MP's carry out the most flagrant anti democratic abuse of their power this country has see. It will be an act of sheer treachery denying 17.4 million the Brexit they voted for.
Can't Meghan be asked her opinion on Brexit? She is an American citizen.
What now for Brexit? Christian MPs have their say
Tanned David Cameron finally comments on his Brexit chaos while out for a jog
Brexit Results: Here are the results of the UK’s Brexit Vote via RESPECT THE PEOPLES VOTE!!!?
Which has been criticised by all in #Parliament as being meaningless because it is not detailed &amp; has no legal force. #MPs need to get it together. The only bit worth changing is the #WithdrawalAgreement because it has legal force. The rest is piffel... #Brexit &amp; delinquent #MPs
It's closer ties we voted against! #Brexit #StandUp4Brexit #LeaveMeansLeave #BinTheBackStop #NoDealNoProblem #WTOBrexit
Truth!
Remain or Leave? A Photographic Journey Through Brexit
All what is happening is against BREXIT. But still, Jaguar is operating normally and not affected.
Besides chaos, I haven't seen the benefit of brexit!
Channel 4 News Presenter Cathy Newman Discussing A Northern Ireland Backstop Legal Assurance; "The Brexiteers are looking for something fantastical"- Rep. of Ireland Senator Neil Richmond in Dublin.
We move on We expect #Cons to lie Truly UNFORGIVABLE: #Corbyn's suppressing , denying people's rights, just to help #TMay's #Brexit
Gwarn Betty!
Dow rises 150 points as Goldman Sachs gains 5% on blowout earnings
Could a Brexit bullwhip cause turmoil in European industrial production? (UK)
Perfect summary of Brexit mess by Macron: "We (the Leave campaign) have lied to the people and what they (the public) have chosen is not possible."
Remain or Leave? A Photographic Journey Through Brexit by via
The Irish Taoiseach, Leo Varadkar, is clear on what it means... ' 'We can’t shift on the issue of there being no hard border between Ireland and Northern Ireland,' Mr Varadkar said.'
What now for Brexit? Christian MPs have their say
Brexit: Theresa May faces vote of no confidence #TheGuildNG
There is personal animus there, I think. They claim the patriotic high ground (the last refuge of a scoundrel) but fail to talk to the one person who is sympathetic to a soft Brexit. If Corbyn delivers the majority of the Labour Party she wins. (A fudge like all over again?)
Search on for Brexit consensus after May's crushing defeat -
Simples. We want to know what’s on the table before we vote on it in a GE. A repeat referendum in other words. It will tell whoever wins the GE the direction the country wants to move towards. Tzer would have had no chance of success even if she’d been brilliant.
As much as I think that the UK is stronger together it cannot be ignored that Wales and Scotland voted overwhelmingly, not by the laughably small majority of a couple of per cent by which the Brexit vote passed, to stay in the EU. Those countries should be allowed independence.
yh and satan doesn't regret not bowing to adam
He’s always been treacherous especially on #brexit
Don't worry if brexit fucks everything up. you will have loads a muckers living in caves with you
Just maybe a lacklustre remain campaign, and then buggering off when the vote didn't go your way.
Sorry, ex mates
but its alright to be brought down by salmond and sturgeon
He has a clear position on those things. It is exactly what he is not saying.
Across the U.K? Every single interviewee was English you moron!
If only! I think it’s the best way out of the current situation. I don’t like the wasted time or money, but at least people will know what they’re voting for now. #brexit
We should know by now that nobody ever ever takes the sensible, logical even, option in Brexit. #laughingstock
Is that what they call it “Lunch” or sitting in your mums basement in your grey EU made underpants and posting crud about brexit. Arsehole
PM SAYS HER DEAL OR NO EXIT AND SHE WILL NOT GO FOR NO EXIT. CANNOT TALK ABOUT WHAT THE PEOPLE WANT NOW, ONLY HER OWN TWISTED INTERPRETATION OF WHY PEOPLE VOTED HER 30 MPS AWAY IN 2017
No matter what you think of the #Brexit crisis, we can all agree that Theresa May is the best Prime Minister in UK History whose name forms a complete sentence.
#MPs reject Brexit deal in historic defeatPrime Minister Theresa May's Brexit deal has been rejected by 230 the biggest ever government defeat in history. #whatareyourthoughts #Andrews #Lettings #Purey
From Brexit to NATO and the shutdown, Putin is winning so much he might get tired of winning
more like how the ones who lost the vote (remainers), derailed brexit
Doesn’t matter. Make it clear what Brexit will mean. If a majority vote for a Norway style model, seeing the list of conditions, that is still more informed than the 2016 vote.
So has the opposition. Neither of you will carry out the brexit vote.
WHAT'S NEXT? THE 20 MOST LIKELY BREXIT SCENARIOS
Usually tune out the Brexit talk on here but at least today it's taken the place of some of the shite Celtic rumours
Many have suspected that Theresa May has been planning for a no-deal all along. She is a compulsive liar, so there is no reason to believe her assurances to the contrary. #PeoplesVote #Brexit
They will have to dispense with the services of arch Brexiteer Corbyn first. Labour MPs declare support for second Brexit referendum
More remainers have changed their minds and now back leave. The support for leaving without a deal in Sunderland (where the losers vote campaign claimed support was now for remain) is now 70% for NO DEAL Brexit
If 432 MPs voted against withdrawal from the EU, why aren't we calling Brexit off?
Analysis: May's Brexit plan just collapsed. Here's what's next.
Amid Parliament’s Brexit Rebellion, a Tectonic Shift in How Britain Is Governed
US govt still shut down, in the UK BREXIT going nowhere.. interesting times
yeah I reckon maybe
That's it. sums up clearly where the United Kingdom stands. #Brexit #BrexitVote
God I really hope May gets the vote of no confidence. This is more than just Brexit, this is everything the Tories have fucked up for us; Universal Credit, the Bedroom Tax, the appalling pay of the NHS, the amount of people who are homeless and using food banks has soared.
Go for proper brexit and the majority of the country will be with you
He should regret it. He called the referendum to heal rifts in the Tory party. That rift is bigger than ever and the nation is irrevocably divided. When he lost he ran away like a petulant child and left to deal with it and she’s as much use as a chocolate tea pot
Out on a limb? A decade from now, we might yet look back on 2016, the year of Brexit &amp; Trump, and see them as inoculation against the far-right. Both electoral successes have been so overwhelmingly disastrous; and the political backlash will have tarnished the whole project.
CRAZY BREXIT 17M RULE 66M UK HUMANS CRAZY
Whether it’s Brexit or Zionism – going it alone makes little sense
How did your Scottish MP vote on the Brexit proposal? #Brexit #UK #EU #Scotland #NI #Wales #England #Ireland #voters #politics #elections #economy #trade #finance #markets #investors
#British #Brexit #farce #BrexitShambles The perfect division of a nation having taken decades perfecting is upon us. Shouting matches between each camp with Leavers, Remainers and that utterly ignored camp – those that Abstained
Well, hopefully that leads us towards a WTO Brexit.
Germany are panicking at the thought of the UK leaving on WTO rules. Why would we hold a 2nd vote when the first has not been honoured?? Don't people see how strong the UK position is right now?? We have the EU over a barrel. Wait until day after brexit to see what they ask for.
This prick's entire defence against Brexit is based on the referendum being technically an advisory function. Push him on why and how the referendum result should be treated and he runs a mile
PMQs: Theresa May and Ken Clarke on Brexit red lines: -
Labour shadow ministers defy Jeremy Corbyn over second Brexit referendum &gt;thanks let’s hope listens
Democracy usually means you get to choose between well-defined alternatives, e.g. candidates from parties with certain programmes. Brexit was not well-defined, and all promises from Brexit proponents have been broken or proved undeliverable. Where is your "democracy" claim?
Nobody fucking knows i'll be honest with you (i hope we do get brexit because that's what the people voted for so the government should comply)
And that document is not a solution to the problem facing the country in case of Brexit taking place.
"Take a second look, May urges MPs before Brexit vote" -
Would anyone vote for someone like this ever again? How dare he stand on a manifesto and then ignore the will of the constituents who put him in power?
#Brexit hypocrisy and insanity in equal measure. OK you voted down May Brexit deal...so what next ? Only a general election can solve this culsterfuck of catastrophe. They'll prioritise clinging onto power rather than putting the country above party.
I feel there is now no alternative in this #Brexit process than to revoke #article50 as I've just emptied the tub of olives and manchego that formed part of my lunch.
Will listen to his party and support a People's Vote should the government survive tonight? puts the question to the Labour leader, who answers "all options are on the table." Lib Dems are clearer. We demand a People's Vote &gt;
Seems the Spanish are more prepared than the English on Brexit, they have launched a website in Spanish and English guiding you through the possible scenarios!
Hard to argue with this.
EXCLUSIVE PICS: Tanned David Cameron finally comments on the Brexit chaos he unleashed while out for a nice jog
Theresa May lost big on her Brexit deal vote — here’s what could happen now
OPINION: Huffington Post. A COMPREHENSIVE ANALYSIS OF UK PM BREXIT DEAL, AND COMMONS DEFEAT &amp; MORE. 1. BLUFF JUSTICE The shock on the faces of the Cabinet and government whips said it all. Last night’s crushing...
Theresa May is "proud of what the government has achieved." Failure on a historic scale? WTAF? #Brexit #Omnishambles
Terrific piece by in Why an accidental Brexit could be the best thing for the UK
Brexit vote: What just happened and what comes next?
Because like the man said, brexit isn't the most important issue.
#BREXIT Remainer LIES: Despite Anna Soubry's claim to the contrary on a recent Question Time appearance, Remainers did suggest there would be an immediate Brexit recession.
Everytime something brexit important happened. He put out a video, about something random. Like trains.
Iranian embassy siege all over again!
That means this bunch of lazy leeching has been's can STOP Brexit. because remaining in CU is not Brexit. Vote and sort out the Lords.
I was hoping that that would be another brexit dividend
The political philosophy of Edith Piaff: profound.
If another referendum, small majority for staying in EU but not decisive; maybe different in 6 months time after a campaign says #brexit call with . “It could happen but we shouldn’t think that it’s a panacea and we shouldn’t take it to the bank.”
Write to ask him to lead with x-party support
#OliverCromwell would if sorted the betrayers by now
U.K. Lawmaker Proposes Bills to Prepare for Second Referendum: Brexit Update
So, #brexit We're going to see things our grandchildren will not believe. Skulls piled high Strange fruit on City lamp posts. Hordes of ragged horsemen. Crown Jewels filched by enemy drone swarm. The crooked cross atop every flagpole, for a spell. And all in 4K UltraHD!
Cable should just go back up whoever laid him
looking at the crazy in the UK and it has me asking, can the US hold a no confidence vote? Asking for a friend... #brexit #TrumpShutdown #McConnellAllowtheVOTE
More theatre to distract and divide as Integrity Initiative and money power weave their web of enslavement
Thank god I listen to every day as I'm on Sky news this evening discussing local business people's thoughts and concerns re next steps with Brexit
Davis says government conceded on divorce payment via astounding the one single weapon they had at their disposal they give it away #brexit
She could not make a compromise with you and SNP because hardcore Brexiteers campaigned for Brexit due to xenophobia and racism. She deported British to Jamaica per skin colour and she could not lose the base of those hardcore Brexiteers.
#FromtheCenter: Search on for Brexit consensus after May's crushing defeat | #Brexit #TheresaMay
There is a straightforward solution to the Brexit Deal impasse already embedded in the Brexit documents which could be used to remove the backstop problem. It just needs elevating. See proposal at
Poor looks like Gollum... #Brexit
What are the backbenchers playing at? Don't you want to even try for a socialist govt?
I'm not putting money on it being anything decent. Why she doesn't just scrap Brexit is beyond me, its been nothing but a shambles
And I regret buggering of and leaving someone else to clear up my clusterfvck even less ... #Brexit
#dothetheresa after RESIGNS! #DrainTheDeepStateSwamp #Brexit
Good column from
"Arsonist thinks fire brigade should try harder to sweep up soot"
Someone in my cultural management lecture tried to enquiry how will current #brexit situation affect most people studying my degree. Not sure who looked more stressed - my classmates or the lecturer...
Why is the BBC anti Brexit ?
I fail to see how this information has an effect on his Brexit stance.
Oh so we get one Brexit votes but we have to keep down-voting new Ghostbusters films until one doesn't suck?
Corbyn accuses May of being in denial over Brexit deal in PMQs
Billboard campaign reminds voters of MPs' Brexit promises
We can't go and have a best of three as that is wot will happen if u get a 2nd vote , no1 knows how it will end up we don't know if it will be good or bad to have brexit. So people are just gonna carry on with the scare tactics but it won't solve nothing
Brexit negotiations #10yearchallege
Really? Do what every REAL social-democratic party would do: REPEAL BREXIT. Should you ever get to Downing Street, which won't happen.
'Great theatre – but tragic': Europe's media reacts in horror to May defeat
Brexit Meltdown as Theresa May is Massively Defeated on Her Crappy Deal via
Your losses matey
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
the EU should concede with the view of a future relationship that works well for all why should UK remain with a partner they cant trust to honour any deal post brexit yet SNP and labour want another vote to remain with those they dont trust
Investment and Trading: FTSE 100 seen lower after May's Brexit deal crush
Or as the stated last year with their Maybot "Brexit means Breakfast, I mean Brexit, I mean does not compute. Strong and Stable"
Brexit Meltdown as Theresa May is Massively Defeated on Her Crappy Deal via
EU’s Tusk suggests the UK should cancel Brexit after historic defeat for Theresa May
Great speech from . Well done. #MotionOfNoConfidence #brexit
ARD-Tagesthemen: Brexit: May will liefern
another of the tactics against is to blame for things he has no control over - for example, PV and Article 50 which ONLY the PM can introduce legislation for. It's the next stage of the "Corbyn did nothing to stop Brexit" smear. It's a #ToryBrexitShambles
At the risk of repetition this from is excellent - 'we need to build the beauty of deliberation into all aspects of our culture...'
He's made a lot of people a lot of money because of all this brexit bollocks, those feckers who keep going on telly talking about it and all those luvvies boring the arse off everyone on Twitter going on about it.
Catholic church urges EU citizens to apply for settlement status #Brexit #brexitdebate #CatholicChurch #migrants #asylum
What’s the point in voting when MP’s can overturn it?! #Brexit #LeaveEU
Cross party Brexit talks without Jeremy Corbyn? What an absolute shambles.
This brilliant! Is that a Tommy MacKenzie painting behind you? X
creating the best lead #generating #sign up #form #landing pages.get your #landing page done by me.i am Always ready to work with new challenges.. see my offers:
Investment and Trading: Pound wobbly after May's Brexit deal voted down
BBCNEWS 6:47am BREXIT AND BUSINESS. Fears no deal will lead to higher prices and empty she'ves' I BREXIT AND BUSINESS. Businesses...
EU President Donald Tusk says UK remaining is only option ‘if a deal is impossible, and no one wants no deal’
It’s like turkeys voting for Christmas #Brexit haha
Skandal 2011 Hot and Sexy Movies Click Link : #2009vs2019challenge #Spiderman #spidermanTH #Venom #Movies #Gillete #TuesdayThoughts #NationalHatDay #Girl #GilletteAd #TheFlash #Brexit #SDLive #BBB19 #Videos #bbb2019 #WayVisCOMING
Ironic that the #Irishissue is helping to stop #Brexit and because of it the Govt will win the #NoConfidenceVote via DUP, is this a Hotel California Brexit, you can check out any time but you can never leave!
See my twitts on Brexit yesterday
Pro-EU UK Conservative lawmaker puts forward legislation for second Brexit referendum - CreaWorldNews -
Of course he doesn't.
If 1 of the 2 main parties (Labour) wasn't 'supporting Brexit' how do you think that would go down? The other party would bash them relentlessly for being out of touch, elitist &amp; autocratic, echoed by a rabid press. To see no difference in the 2 party's positions is disingenuous
Tenuous, even that, if at all #UK #BREXIT entities like #UKIP, campaign to leave #EU despite not being elected and no MP, even one traitor.
The DUP sum up all that is wrong with British politics, the attitude of, “Fuck everyone else, what’s in it for me,” they really are political whores #Brexit #NoConfidenceMotion
The legacy of the word Brexit is interesting. If we somehow find an end to this fiasco, either way, very soon, it will become a defunct words. Are there many examples of widely used words that can only exist for such a short amount of time as a few years?
May’s Brexit Deal Failed. What Happens Now? via
#GBPJPY avoids major losses despite #Brexit Obstacles,saw #UnitedKingdom govt hold its highly anticipated Parliament #BrexitVote on its Brexit deal and GBPJPY rose to the level of 139.30 last week #forex #forexsignals #forextrading #forexsignal #currencytrading #Trader #GBP #fx
Racism Poisons the Entire Brexit Debate - Craig Murray
He’s actually looking at the date on his watch . He can’t actually believe the Tories have been trying to sort out a Brexit deal for over 2 years . The incompetence eh ? How much has this cost the taxpaying crofters? At least they’re not dodging tax , unlike your Tory chums
Don’t Tease Us Like This What’s The Meaning To This Tweet BBUK Or Brexit?
Because he’s a selfish cunt.
Skandal 2011 Hot and Sexy Movies Click Link : #2009vs2019challenge #Spiderman #spidermanTH #Venom #Movies #Gillete #TuesdayThoughts #NationalHatDay #Girl #GilletteAd #TheFlash #Brexit #SDLive #BBB19 #Videos #bbb2019 #WayVisCOMING
will organise a #Brexit #debate. Want to join us? Send an e-mail to event .eu
My outlook on 2019 where I discuss, among other things, Brexit, Europe and the general outlook on world affairs. -
Opinion | Britain Is a Nation in Desperate Need of a Driver - The Lack of real leadership in political “leaders” is an epidemic not only in US
Theresa May faces vote of no confidence as Brexit crumbles
#BREXIT Remainer LIES: 3 million people in the UK will lose their jobs was the fictitious figure banded about. However, in July the claimant count fell by 8,600 to 763,600, despite an expected rise of 9,500.
And Her excuse that an election now would deflect from the Brexit negotiations Well SHE held her disastrous election in2017 while Brexiting!
What happens now Theresa May's Brexit deal has been defeated? #business #feedly
David Cameron is a multimillionaire with nothing to fear from Brexit, of course.
Same. Brexit just needs scrapping, its just been a shambles from day 1
He's telling you they'll extend Article 50 if you get a govt of National Unity.
Instead how many times have our representatives run to Brussels? And nothing has changed - we are STILL in the EU doing as we are told!
Dear UK: you got snookered into a bad deal. Time to go back and stay in the EU, and work for change there.
Ozil fan boys should be called in to fix brexit
weakness you run from secomd vote 17m rule 66m crazy brexit
See how radical left is now
Why is he on our TV???
Skandal 2011 Hot and Sexy Movies Click Link : #2009vs2019challenge #Spiderman #spidermanTH #Venom #Movies #Gillete #TuesdayThoughts #NationalHatDay #Girl #GilletteAd #TheFlash #Brexit #SDLive #BBB19 #Videos #bbb2019 #WayVisCOMING
Leave shillbot calling project dear on a Leave mouthpiece for saying Brexit. Leave are fools.
I think we can all agree that when we have our blue passports back this will all have been worthwhile… #Brexit
Supporting the Prime Minister in winning the vote today.
Something I learned that sorta helps is that "tabling" a vote means the opposite in the UK as to what it does in the US, but I'm still consternated as to what the whole "no confidence" thing does
Europe midday: Stocks rise as traders hope for best on Brexit
Exactly, that's the ironic point: it's not true, like many of the other "before" statements aren't, despite people believing that they are. The "after" statements are true already. So there is nothing to be done to achieve all these "wins" except simply cancel Brexit &amp; remain.
Investment and Trading: World stocks ride out May's Brexit defeat, pound s...
“The oldest parliament in the world after Iceland’s is in one hell of a state. Brexit has split a once stable country in two and transformed its politicians into lemmings, throwing themselves off the white cliffs into the sea. It’s great theatre – but tragic.” Bert Vagendorp
It's because they are like you and look down on him and think promotes a bad image for Brexit...
That's why it's imperative they keep us shackled and under the rule of the EU mafia; our billions are what's keeping this corrupt union afloat! The sooner we're out on a NO DEAL Brexit; Merkel, Macron and the rest of the dictatorship can fight it out between themselves!
How do you explain Brexit to an eight year old, albeit a very curious, intelligent one? Well it went a little like this...... Basically Eugenia, this country had a vote on whether we stayed part of a thing...
Skandal 2011 Hot and Sexy Movies Click Link : #2009vs2019challenge #Spiderman #spidermanTH #Venom #Movies #Gillete #TuesdayThoughts #NationalHatDay #Girl #GilletteAd #TheFlash #Brexit #SDLive #BBB19 #Videos #bbb2019 #WayVisCOMING
Panel talking about the support for small businesses through #Brexit. #dtimesroundtable
in the event of brexit happening and an independent Scotland existing, would British nationals be considered for refugee status or otherwise allowed to settle?
As the brextremists keep saying regarding a no-deal brexit, they're surviving, the world hasn't ended and they got through two world wars.
Agreed. Honestly, I'd rather a GE then sort out Brexit. But I doubt any government would win a landslide. At least a labour win would push for Brexit + Socialism :/
Kiss of death:
I can live with people arguing too. I can’t live with another massive recession. Let them argue, I say, but stop Brexit. Lots of people have probably changed their minds now anyway after seeing how badly it’s all gone
. : The Government must force the EU back to the negotiating table while preparing for a WTO Brexit
How some Twitter users have been mocking PM Theresa May's #Brexit humiliation
Brexit was won by the working class from council estates up and down this country. If you left wing types want to keep believeing there are 17.4million natural right wing brexiteers in the UK then that’s fine. Shows you have learnt nothing and will loose any second referendum
It's not about winning a GE, he wants tory #Brexit to fail, he thinks after we leave and everything has burned to the ground, people will flock to him and Labour, then they take power with it the Henry VIII powers to do what they like without parliamentary oversight. #PeoplesVote
Brexit threatens UK’s growing car industry
This Brexit shit show is more depressing and less far fetched than Eastenders!
You are disgusting worst opposition ever not intrested in solving crisis You are after corbyns job and will destroy uk economy to try to get it #nodeal just deliver brexit as you were TOLD
Skandal 2011 Hot and Sexy Movies Click Link : #2009vs2019challenge #Spiderman #spidermanTH #Venom #Movies #Gillete #TuesdayThoughts #NationalHatDay #Girl #GilletteAd #TheFlash #Brexit #SDLive #BBB19 #Videos #bbb2019 #WayVisCOMING
Love the image of May as a replicant Anglepoise lamp. Perhaps she can audition for a role on a Pixar short film when she finally throw in the towel.
MPs are being brilliantly trolled by billboards featuring their own tweets
Businesses must brace themselves for no deal Brexit, Taoiseach Leo Varadkar warns
There are various ways that Parliament could try to gain greater control of Brexit
German carmakers warn hard Brexit would be 'fatal'
Two things - the UK's one is the only steam train travelling in the opposite direction (#brexit!?), and only Germany uses an electric train for its pictogram.
The Daily 202: From Brexit to NATO and the shutdown, Putin is winning so much he might get tired of winning
Brexit threatens UK’s growing car industry
Don't #followme to #follow you back. If your #content is Good I will come to you. #Thanks #usdx #eurusd #gbpusd #usdcad #audusd #usdjpy #gbpjpy #BTC #ETH #rupee #xauusd #eurchf #nzdusd #aud #spx #ecb #yen #NK_F #nasdaq #djia #Brent #CAD #fomc #brexit #TradeWar #bund #BrexitVote
Another key point from Verhofstadt: The drop dead date on a potential Article 50 extension is 23/25 May
Leo Varadkar steps up Irish Brexit no-deal plans #Brexit #UK #EU #Scotland #NI #Wales #England #Ireland #voters #politics #elections #economy #trade #finance #markets #investors
58-42 and s conclusive but wouldn’t be conclusive if it was the result in a second referendum in the opposite way? Also, what the fuck does the Second World War have to do with anything? So many uninformed people with a vote leading the country to disaster. It’s quite sad really.
but maybe JC actually wants a hard brexit? sometimes I think he would like a no deal too
Roaring at this.
Time to argue that is when UK Bill of Rights legislation is being drawn up after Brexit and of course different governments will make adjustments over time.#evolution
Cameron: Parliament must deliver Brexit
#DidYouKnow that many of the economists helping with #Brexit hold degrees from Hudson’s famed School of Economics? Sure it’s nothing to be proud of, but it’s the only positive thing we’ve got to mention today!
they will give a s**t when the economy goes t**s up due to people not bothering to protest against Brexit.
Brexit deal outcome could take sterling to $1.35, Goldman Sachs says
Tánaiste Simon Coveney and Minister Shane Ross' leaked conversation over potential border checks has legitimatised our concerns over the Government's #Brexit preparedness. The Taoiseach must be fully transparent with the Irish public and the Oireachtas with his plans.
#Tory #voters, are you happy with your purchase? #Brexit via
Companies cry out for Brexit clarity, warn on no-deal INVESTINGcom
Skandal 2011 Hot and Sexy Movies Click Link : #2009vs2019challenge #Spiderman #spidermanTH #Venom #Movies #Gillete #TuesdayThoughts #NationalHatDay #Girl #GilletteAd #TheFlash #Brexit #SDLive #BBB19 #Videos #bbb2019 #WayVisCOMING
Benched by Brexit, Britain seems unable to think of much else — and the political brawl is far from over | CBC News
#British #Brexit #farce #BrexitShambles The perfect division of a nation having taken decades perfecting is upon us. Shouting matches between each camp with Leavers, Remainers and that utterly ignored camp – those that Abstained
Read that as Amber Rudd. Too much Brexit lately ....
Sort this shit out
Founding Director Brian Eckersley joins other construction industry figures giving their views on yesterday’s Brexit vote #brexitdebate #brexit
So Corbyn still wants to respect the referendum result (= go for #Brexit) but only with the ‘exact same benefits’ as membership. He even sounds as if he believes it. Time to wake up, Jeremy, or to be honest: The only way to have these exact same benefits is... not to leave!
This thread is fantastic and makes me kind of sad I’ll miss the Brexit fallout.
Many press reports today, even from the eminently sensible , reverently ponder how May should seek to win Parliament's backing. That should be irrelevant. MPs delegated the decision on Brexit to the people, who voted Leave. Have MPs no sense of the need to respect that?
holy crap, will Brexit mean there'll be roaming charges for UK in April??
South Africa's rand little changed, eyes on retail sales data Business Recorder JOHANNESBURG: South Africa's rand was little changed against the dollar in early trade on Wednesday amid uncertainty over Brexit and... via #business #africa
Danny Dyer was so right about this man.
"Instead of mystifying what takes place with the rhetoric of the Will of the People it would be preferable to recognise the practical contingency of having to take a decision in the absence of consensus." #newarticle #Brexit #politics #philosophy
I HAVE OFFERED THE #UK THE CHANCE TO FORGET ABOUT THIS #BREXIT DISASTER AND HAVE OFFERED TO ALLOW THEM TO BECOME A U.S. TERRITORY! #MAGA
Skandal 2011 Hot and Sexy Movies Click Link : #2009vs2019challenge #Spiderman #spidermanTH #Venom #Movies #Gillete #TuesdayThoughts #NationalHatDay #Girl #GilletteAd #TheFlash #Brexit #SDLive #BBB19 #Videos #bbb2019 #WayVisCOMING
Disorderly Brexit a 'real risk' to labour market, warns employment minister, Alok Sharma #Brexit #Recruitment
They fund a lot of projects across the North and Scotland just now that I don't believe will happen post brexit. All the money would head to London
The only argument odious jingo-fascists #UK #Brexit make is IMMIGRATION- Are full of self anger &amp; no reasoned policy in #Democracy. Slain #JoeCoxMP.
Fixed term parliaments are exactly that. The #Brexit vote was a one off. Introducing a 2nd vote to potentially change the initial result makes a mockery of democracy. If we do, then surely we should have a 2nd vote after every General Election just to make sure we’re happy!
Twitter is actively subverting British democracy by selectively suppressing brexit supporting accounts. This company needs to be fully investigated, for serious crimes and punished accordingly.
DJ Brexit is by far my favourite thing this year
#BREXIT Remainer LIES: A dangerous fantasy" is how Nick Clegg described Nigel Farage's claim of EU plans to create an army. Barely three months on from the Referendum, Juncker has proposed an EU Army.
#brexit So endeth the rant of the most boring man in the house
#libertarian MEP, Bill Etheridge, thrown out of #EU debate #brexit #libertarianism #pmqs #customsunion #libertarianparty
It’s a pity you didn’t put Brexit top of your agenda instead of your own personal gain , it only proves are not fit to govern
Dougie "PeeWee Herman" Ross!! Sorry world. Hes oors! YE COULDVE KEPT ANGUS, MORAY...BUT NAW!!! YE'VE GOT THIS YIN FLOATIN ABOOT THE TELLY! #forshame #IndyRef2 #Brexit #ToriesOut
Ahhh! Good to recalibrate in the midst of crazy brexit twitterdom. Reminds me of #DewiSant / #StDavid ‘s appeal to attend to the ‘little things’ / ‘pethau bychain’, to look, become aware and connect with what’s immediately around us. Congratulations Joe, savour the moment!
In our country Brexit seems to be the blame for everything, but when figures are shown at times of unemployment/inflation dropping never a word to say that Brexit doesn't seem to be affecting it. Ps has Brexit been blamed for the bad weather yet, or have we still that to come.
That’s what I thought before the election when they voted for Brexit. And then...
Nailed it...
Russians basically did the same thing there . They told people that the best way to stop immigration was to vote against Brexit. Threw the oldest democracy into turmoil which will take many decades to recover. Another democracy down without a single shot fired.
Brilliant...
Historian: #Queen Should #Suspend to Stop #Anti-Brexit Plots via
If you only have 10 minutes this afternoon but want to understand #Brexit like a pro, read this by super duper colleagues &amp; . Their choice of ties may be questionable, but their choice of words never is!
That will be a shame then wonder it?
Brexit: does the answer lie with a modern version of ancient democracy? via
Wednesday's recommended articles: featuring #AI #Renewals #Brexit
A PEOPLES VOTE WITH 3 OPTIONS WOULD RESULT IN A CLEAR REMAIN MANDATE “If there was a referendum tomorrow with the options of remaining in the EU, accepting the government’s Brexit agreement, or leaving the EU without a deal, which would you support?”
We are the laughing stock of the world. If I get asked one more time “what about brexit” I’m going to scream. The government don’t know so how do I know what’s going to happen?!
We cannot go on to tackle the injustices in our country until brexit is sorted, lets not forget who lead us to this point.
HIDEOUS.. TRUMPFS SECRET LOVER
I'll fix it for you... Labour adopts a PV and wins a GE. Can you think of a better outcome? Stop fannying about thinking this is about Corbyn; it's about stopping damage to the underprivileged that Brexit will cause.
Theres more to life than brexit and those suffering from tory austerity need someone to speak up for them.
#Brexit and #NoConfidence vote: #JeremyCorbyn targets '#zombie government' An #original #poem by #amwriting #poetry #indieauthor #selfpublishing and proud #peaceandlove
Why should we put any faith in future referendums if result of the last one is revoked or ignored? If accepted any future referendum should be on accepting or denying any deals not a rerun of the 1st. Mays WA is not Brexit. Labour should table their own deal.referendum to decide
The latest The London Daily! Thanks to #brexit #education
Just in case you think our government is alone in its Brexshittery...
Have just discovered “Love in Recovery” on 1. It’s brilliant! 2. Please say there are plans to make a tv series?! If you’re looking to avoid brexit for a bit, give it a go! #paulkaye #johnnyvegas #suejohnston
Channel 4 News Presenter Cathy Newman Discussing A Northern Ireland Backstop Legal Assurance; "The Brexiteers are looking for something fantastical"- Rep. of Ireland Senator Neil Richmond in Dublin.
I'm beyond caring which party it's come from, finally somebody in Parliament has actually said something sensible! #Brexit "We’re going to have to chuck the party politics out, junk it, frankly and work together in the national interest to come to a solution." - Chuka Umunna
Brexit means... Brexit Word Search! Find 20 Words about Brexit in our fun word search puzzle! #English #ELT #ESOL #ESL #EFL #TESOL #Language #LearnEnglish #EnglishLesson #StudyEnglish #Brexit #WordSearch #Puzzle #Wordplay
Why are leave voters not asking for a 2nd ref? Clearly they are aware of all the reports regarding a WTO #Brexit. Surely the fact that they're NOT asking for a 2nd ref shows that they still want to leave on WTO. 2nd Ref = We just can't accept the result of the 1st. Very dangerous
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK - CNNPolitics
“We asked 100 people... a Brexit solution that can win a majority in the House of Commons”
Brexit.....Mayxit ! via
I should laugh but it really isn't funny...
“Best friend” lol. Fuck off you imbecile.
"May's Govt Faces No-Confidence Vote After Huge Brexit Defeat"
Well I don't want Brexit so not Labour. Lib Dem.
Brexit Sure Will Be OFF
No just labour is not the answer. Vote elsewhere if needs be UKIP is the answer, but not to every problem. A Tory government with a brexit backing PM would be best, a Davis, Johnson or Rees-Mogg.
Brexit: EU has hard questions to answer, says DUP #Brexit #UK #EU #Scotland #NI #Wales #England #Ireland #voters #politics #elections #economy #trade #finance #markets #investors
Awesome!
Brexit is the neoliberal plot, at least as envisioned by ERG.
Hi, Trying to understand why May has not gone down the route of cross party brexit negotiations from day one? And still is not doing this. I’m for leave.
Hold a Second Brexit Referendum
says on press call that a second referendum shouldn't be considered a panacea that will solve all of the division in British society nor bring complete clarity to the #Brexit chaos
we are living in end times RT : RT : My bit about the Westminster Brexit shitshow
It’s like she wants a no deal Brexit without the blame for it. Is she in the pay of the ERG or somehow set to gain from a no deal
Sharing some threads. We saw this coming, didn’t we? #Brexit,
Businesses need to come out now in support of a #PeoplesVote now to force the PM's hand! #Brexit
And yet you'll still vote for her incompetence to continue in the VONC (which it will as she'll never move her red-lines nor reach out cross party without conditions attached). Not a single moral or backbone within the whole tory party.
The EU will happily punish delusional Britain for last night's Brexit defeat - Business Insider
See, the UK can build good stuff
Ask #PMQs about a #BrexitVote on a Tim Martin from Wetherspoon #brexit. Will it star Theresa May's #brexit #deal or no deal with juncker and Tim's #Westminster?
i would expect they would as well. 1. cant predict the future, but it would solve if people are happy with the reality of what Brexit looks like today 2. then surely your concern is that leave did indeed promise things that cant and wont be delivered.
This is a great scoop, but I’m not sure the opinions of US candidates carry any more weight here than the opinions of UK candidates do over there. And I don’t think anyone over there thinks what Vince Cable thinks about NAFTA is more than an interesting curiosity
An amateur observer here - if a stability can return to the Isles, independence should be optional. But, nobody can blame Scotland for trying, after *very narrow interests* managed to fool lots of people to vote for Brexit...
Trump will be gone, but Brexit is permanent, so...
This is like raising the problem of weakened trade unions on the Titanic as it approaches the ice berg.
The PM, attempting to get a common consensus on Brexit from Parliament is like a woman attempting to get pregnant by copulating with a eunuch.
Post #Brexit, new solutions and strategies may need to be advanced, including revisiting the relationships that exist between Parliament, government and devolved administrations, says Dr Christopher Kirkland #Brexitvote #Brexitchaos
And Fianna Fail's property tax strategy ??
Why are we listening to this EUROPEAN prick? He's not in any UK party anymore, he doesn't have any power as a UK politician. Why would anyone on either side of the Brexit issue give a shit about his opinion still? He rants about Europe but picks up their paycheck as an MEP.
Does the Royal Family comment publicly on matters like Brexit?
How a second Brexit referendum could work: the question, when it will happen and who would win via
And reverse his own Brexit sentiments of many years ? So much for his, much trumpeted claims by his cult, personal integrity .
Interesting read. Would love to see a debate on this between and
A backstop with a time limit isnt a backstop. The fact that he did not go on your merry #brexit unicorn hunt does not mark him as a plotter, it marks him as sane. And he is a civil servant, he is expected to do what PM tells him to. And so he did. If you dont like it blame the PM
I have the perfect solution for Donald it's called No Deal #BrexitVote #Brexit
There is no magical #Brexit tree to be shaken, the 2016 referendum was a colossal exercise in political mis-selling, and there is no form of departure that also delivers the best features of #EU membership.
People's Vote: 88% of members want it. Support for any Torykip Brexit wld damage Labour for 20 years &amp; hand the baton to , dividing the social democratic vote. your last chance. #EndtheMess #BacktotheFuture #Frauderendum16
And in all fairness when it comes to Politicians and Brexit; I'm just pissed off with the lot of them. I no longer care. They are all a bunch of knobs.
The EU is ready to renegotiate. They said they will give a favorable response if UK shifts its red lines for months. Now they're shouting it. May doesn't want a solution. They want a no deal hard Brexit. It's their plan all along.
Theresa May’s Brexit Deal Walloped in Biggest Parliamentary Defeat in British History via
After failing to deliver Brexit, MPs debate height of letterboxes
So the UK Parliament can't agree on what it wants. The EU Chief Negotiator says there's no more negotiating. As the Chancellor of Germany says there's still time for more negotiating. So everybody is confused. Wonderful. #Brexit #HailEris
I've just posted a new blog: Analysts raise EU carbon price forecasts, warn of short-term Brexit jitters: Reuters poll
Brexit deal vote: Playing the numbers game - BBC News via
No they didn't The Libs who were in the coalition were the right wing "orange book" liberals
BBC News - David Lammy urges Jeremy Corbyn to back #PeoplesVote on #Brexit
The “Remoaners” in Parliament are out of control, it’s high time their wings were clipped for the good of the country and out of respect for the 17.4 million people who voted to leave in the 2016 referendum.
Stolen from my friend #Brexit
Corbyn is probably the opposition leader that's closest to May's position this just shows how little shes interested in working with other parties
Petition: Brexit re article 50 it must not be suspended/stopped under any circumstances
The tories approach to brexit
The latest The Export Times! Thanks to #brexit #trade
I’m no political expert but the main thing I take away from Brexit is how the rest of the world must be seeing us right now. We must look like utter cunts
And this is way I don’t vote as all the government can do is for there selfs not the people bunch of fucking wankers
Investment and Trading: World stocks ride out May's Brexit defeat, pound s...
Theresa May “It’s MY way, or the Highway!” Forever 2 years! In 2019, the EU are tightening up on the use of loopholes to avoid payment of taxes by the Uber wealthy, what’s the chance this is the REAL reason for Brexit?
Absolutely everything is Jeremy Corbyn’s fault, even Theresa May’s spectacular historical defeat last night. My my, he’s so powerful the Tories are absolutely petrified of him. He could easily rock a General Election so let’s go!!
And brexit wasnt suppose to pass and Trump wasn't suppose to be president. Polls are not very reliable
Simply Shameless! #BrexitVote
I’ll support anything that stops #brexit. But the idea that a people’s vote will “settle” anything, or bring people together, is nonsense. And I’m totally happy with that.
Sir Peter assesses prospects of #Brexit not happening went from 20% before failed parliament vote to now 40-45%. But still hugely complicated as country split. Now, small majority in favor of staying in EU. In 6 months time after campaign, maybe different result per Westmacott
The Brexit deal is dead - The Independent via
. and I think Theresa May has two options left. 1. Agree to negotiate a softer form of Brexit to win over Labour MPs. 2. A second referendum on her deal or Remain.
The worst of all words collision has happened, people from my student union days in Germany are arguing with some of my Labour comrades over Brexit and Corbyn on my Facebook wall, help, get me out, delete my account.
17m brexit rule 66m uk humans crazy ,and brexit leaders say freedom yet they say no to free scotland one sided
I have always admired #Britain but in these 2 past years I have started feeling completely lost in this #chaos. For Britain’s sake, Theresa May, just go
#Brexit Do we know anything more today, after yesterday's vote? I just hope #May remains. At least we can prepare for a hard Brexit. If she is forced to leave today, I guess we start at zero. If not, she will use the EU as soccer ball for another 2 month.
Do you represent 16 million Remain voters who made you the spokesperson for Remain? We are not having an election, no doubt you don't support one either so you threatening not to vote Labour in 3 yrs time because of Brexit seems pretty petty and pointless.
It was a party political matter until the people voted to leave. Now it is a democratic decision. We will not keep voting until the EU gets the result it wants.
. will celebrate when BREXIT is over - in one way or another. We want to have a fanfare ready for it. Support our crowdfuding campaign! #crowdfunding #classicalbuzz #brexit #classicalmusic #music #fanfare #brexitfanfare #eu
A modest proposal: the UK should have a General Election, an EP election and No Deal vs WA vs No #Brexit referendum all together on 23 May. Many flies with one clap, as they say around here.
Investment and Trading: Pound wobbly after May's Brexit deal voted down
DEVELOPING: British PM May faces no-confidence vote today after her Brexit plan is crushed in Parliament.
Brexit vote: could lead to a stay of execution for EU nationals but fuels employers’ growing concerns over loss of talent
#brexit asshole
Never mind the Bollock’s it’s the Brexit...... #EUsongsOrBands
Steve Hilton: Original intent of Brexit - restoring freedom and sovereignty - buried by inept bureaucrats #FoxNews
For a guy who just sold what's left of his country to #Germany, #Macron talks too much.
I did say "ostensibly"
Catholic church urges EU citizens to apply for settlement status #Brexit #brexitdebate #CatholicChurch #migrants #asylum
U.S - Longest #GovernmentShutdown U.K - #Brexit deadlock, no confidence vote. Russia and China -
Brexit vote: Pound and market to knee-jerk react before rebounding #Investment
I blame #Brexit .
Uncertain, Nostalgic, Uncomfortable &amp; Bewildered: a portrait of #UK, #UKIP, #BREXIT voters who suffer from xenophobia.
With last night's vote in Brexit parliament, we have been receiving a lot of calls about rabies testing for EU pet travel. For those wanting to know the price, we charge £55+VAT for our standard rabies testing service.
Is there any other constitutional way to get this incompetent PM out of post!!! She's either deluded or incapable of comprehending the mood of the country re #Brexit right now.
Laura, there seems to be a straightforward solution to the Brexit Deal impasse already embedded in the Brexit documents which could be used to remove the backstop problem. It just needs elevating. See proposal at
Well said. May was promising McCluskey on the phone ( never spoken to him before) that workers rights would be protected in her deal! Thought they already had been during 2 year of Brexit negotiations?
#UK now what? #Brexit #Brexshit
Now for something completely different—where does your recycling actually go
Ahoberg if you're only interested in Corbyn being in power and not fussed about #Brexit then fair enough, but please don't flannel with "we might get back in in 5 years" We won't even have finished leaving in 5 years
Parliament does not want a No Deal Brexit. If this Govt is allowed to continue, there is no appetite from the PM to radically change "her deal". She will run down the clock until it is "her deal" or No Deal which would suit the ERG. DUP hold the key. End this mess please.
ECB's Nowotny expects no major banking disruption from Brexit insecurity
Guy Verhofstadt on Twitter: It is not up to me, as a humble Belgian, to lecture Brits on what to do, but I think it’s time the national interest overtakes narrow party politics &amp; cross party politics redefines the red lines imposed by hardliners in the C…
Investment and Trading: FTSE 100 seen lower after May's Brexit deal crush
David Cameron doesn't regret escorting his country to the very edge of chaos. He should though. | David Cameron: "I don’t regret’ calling Brexit referendum" -
I would love to believe you, Norman, but your editorial choices in line with pro-EU and violently anti-Brexit policy of what and when to tweet have been so bloody disgraceful since the referendum, I can't. Pity.
It’s true that the long-lasting symbolic and institutional consequences of #Brexit extend well beyond its policy content, but it’s also the case Brexit as a policy issue must be fixed immediately
The Lisbon treaty states any nation is free to leave with or without a deal, it's not rocket science what's occurring here. #Brexit
Pretend Brexit Plan ?? on Twitter #pocket
Another mp grieve who should be sacked. Dont vote for this prick ever again.
Come out from behind the lamp post Mr Corbyn, you are fooling no one! Brexit is barreling down the street like a runaway juggernaut about to hit a pedestrian area full of innocent shoppers. #PeoplesVote Now!
The problem isn't Brexit - the problem is Theresa May
Going to the gym before I even look at any news...Brexit...Donald...you can wait. #mood #humpday #goodmorning
Brexit: Alun Cairns 'optimistic' MPs will honour referendum #Brexit #UK #EU #Scotland #NI #Wales #England #Ireland #voters #politics #elections #economy #trade #finance #markets #investors
The company they keep, just after Banks had treated parliament like fools and just before Paisley had another holiday from that parliament.... great faith in brexit or anything these brainboxes would be fronting... oh, and no self-interest or interest in money, none whatsoever
#BIGMAC: Trump’s Burgers, King "Censured", Twitter Pro-Sharia #BREXIT via
Why aren't you concerned with Russian interference in the Brexit campaign? How do you know that the British people would have voted for Brexit if they had known that Putin was sabotaging the election with propaganda? You should learn from the U.S.A.'s mistakes!
Blood sweat tears and gears for Mr BMW and Herr Mercedes #Brexit
Please can we make the main condition of any confidence and supply deal with Labour that Richard Burgon be deselected.
I never put anything up politically but I was just thinking this a few days ago (though not in as much detail!)
Its very strange world. Take away the tribal party political rhetoric and tactical maneouverings, there is no one closer to May on Brexit than Corbyn.
I’m genuinely surprised that she’s planning a referendum. It’s getting extremely late
In my opinion a low level letterbox is better than a bad letterbox or no letterbox at all. #brexit
Historian: Queen Should Suspend Parliament to Stop Remain MPs from Blocking Brexit | Breitbart
why would Trump be in the Brexit movie?
Guys, be sure to give a follow, if you aren't already. She tells it like it is and is particularly good on Brexit stuff.
New post (The Meaningless Parliamentary Brexit Debate!) has been published on RETWEET and help us beat the mainstream media! -
Same thing has happened on a financial forum - several discussions deleted &amp; several members banned or restricted access. May's gameplan to frustrate Brexit process before finally stopping it nears its end as Tory MPs fail to vote No Confidence tonight. Remain establishment wins.
Leave on March 29 under WTO rules
Greek communities in UK that want to organise information sessions about Brexit for Greek citizens living in the country are advised to make use of the resources available at
Assuming they have any MPs left if there is a general election
He just need a hard brexit use the 39mill on a no deal infrastructure
All the things politicians have told us about #Brexit they'd rather we forgot -
Yep, very risky to call currency markets. Seems that most investors expect this to lead to a softer Brexit. We shall see.
This is depressing but good on how we got into this ghastly chaos on Brexit- tho doesn’t mention Labour / Corbyn role lately
Businesses are spending money on stockpiling ( money they don't want to spend) and double testing their systems depending on a No Deal situation. Brexit is costing us dear already..
Indeed, what's the point of elections in the EU at all?
Agreed ... this disastrous excuse for a PM has been pushing us towards a ‘NO DEAL’ Brexit all along.
Historian: Queen Should Suspend Parliament to Stop Anti-Brexit Plots
No I want to #Remain. Yours an ex brexit voter
He should know! He's good at playing the Grim Reaper, just ask Boris.
Government ‘sneaks out’ £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote
London Calling! BREXIT !
There has never been a majority in the house of commons for any form of Brexit. Simply because, armed with the true facts about the EU, most MP's can see through the media BS about the EU and understand the good its done by being a member.
#corbyn wants and backs #brexit
So what happens now after Theresa May is dealt another blow... #Brexit
So sad bc you have a brexit name smh
No you need to start listening to Tory members &amp; voters, something Cabinet has not done, You had your warnings but, ignored them, May is a one women band &amp; needs removing. Messed up the election &amp; messed up Brexit. WTO or lose the next election. Cannot vote for incompetent liars
Brexit has created a 'lost generation' of public services
If you want Macron you will get #GiletsJaune so I pass.
I was going to say brexit but the most terrible word search-type ppl imaginable would be on me in a heartbeat and I can't be bothered with that
It’s not just about Brexit the Tories are killing people
Why Brexit is a living hell for Jeremy Corbyn... not just Theresa May by Asa Bennett via News
Four general secretaries call for a General Election in wake of May’s Brexit defeat
THR: Historian: Queen Should Suspend Parliament to Stop Remain MPs from Blocking Brexit (BB)
More fking around by the government. Theresa May omits Jeremy Corbyn from cross-party Brexit talks
One of the worst PMs we’ve ever had and his legacy will be forever associated with Brexit and rightly so.
Swaithes of MPs will be gone next election. People are sick of voting for politicians who say anything to get into power and access expenses, then disregard pledges in office. They all said they would honour the referendum and voted for A50 and Brexit but had no intention. Liars.
I always said SNP and Lib-Dem are the best and most genuine Democrats in UK.
Brexit deal vote: Forget about any side ‘winning’ this Brexit farce | British GQ from
I used to like Bill Cosby, and then new informaion came to light and I changed my mind. #peoplesvote #brexit #NoConfidenceMotion
"Putin is winning so much he might get tired of winning" LOLOL. Through tears.
My courses are on a 2-year rotation. Unfortunately, this is NOT the academic year in which I teach my West European Politics or European Union Politics courses and OMG this #Brexit insanity is killing me! It's a great time to be a political scientist!
maybe you won't even get brexit
This is scathing. Also, correct.
Trump bought fast food for football players, people are upset about a razor ad, and Brexit is still a fucking mess. Is it still 2018 or something?
My wife and I have had a large group of friends in the UK we've known for many years, even holidayed together and enjoyed each others company regularly. They have all become impossible to socialise with since 2016. The conversation is Brexit or nothing. So very, very sad.
It's understood dozens of business leaders will urge politicians to stop Brexit "fantasies" and back a second referendum in a letter set to be published this week. #HeartNews
Because who wants to take on #Brexit? It is the ultimate poison chalice and #Corbyn knows it. Only hope is a re vote that delivers the RIGHT result.
#UK #Brexit voters, #UKIP are made of the dispossesed self disheartened white public in the Pub/Bar. Maybe we can expect profitable Pub/Bar businesses in villages and small towns.
Where does Brexit go from here? Short version: No one knows. Longer version: No, really, no one knows. breaks it down for us Americans:
Chope egging on the PM to proceed to No Deal. How totally unsurprising. #Brexit
Brexit and the fourth industrial revolution: the shambles and fix: Originally written by Michael Baxter on Information Age Brexit and the fourth industrial revolution; and the lesson of Denis Kearney The economic historian [...]… |
Check out my Gig on Fiverr: create 10 premium business name, blog name and company name via #PMQs #Trumpshutdwon #10yearsChallenge #sales #Brexit #london
Oh really? And what have and the done? Were it not for your fear of UKIP losing you an election we wouldn’t be in this shit shower. Just give us all a customs union and let’s get this blasted Brexit thing over with, shall we.
Well worth a watch: Macron's analysis of Brexit.
Hang on a minute. Didn't he sell up and move out? This looks suspiciously like the road in question #NorthKensington #TellMeImWrong
Anybody else know that the will of the British people who voted for Brexit would be thwarted by the aristocracy?
Theresa May has sustained the heaviest parliamentary defeat of any sitting government after MPs voted in an overwhelming majority by 432 to 202 against her Brexit deal...
creating the best lead #generating #sign up #form #landing pages.get your #landing page done by me.i am Always ready to work with new challenges.. see my offers:
Here's to the continental dealers stalling out Ardingly - weather &amp; Brexit not stopping them
To those who want another referendum, now being portrayed as the people's vote, could you please tell me what the question and possible choices would be on the ballot paper? #brexit #Remain #PeoplesVote #brexiteers #OwenJones #JacobReesMogg
#BBCNews just cut away to get the views on #Brexit from across the UK - first stop, Dublin.... did they mean to say that?!
The latest Simona Sforza! Thanks to #brexit #milano
Talking about losers ! The British people are not taking to the streets every weekend asking for Theresa May to resign. What a plonker this little Napoleon really is. The British had to rescue his country and free it not once, but twice in the last 100 plus years.
Petition: Stop Brexit if supplies of vital medication can't be guaranteed.
He’s pretty much been in favour of every type of Brexit with or without customs unions, single markets, hard Brexit, soft Brexit, no deal, deal. And he’s taken ecmvery vote or negotiation as an endorsement of a view on any particular day. The man’s a charlatan
This country started going to shit when people stopped going "waaaaaaaaaay" whenever somebody smashed a glass in a pub. Now we have to do Brexit and pretend that "y'all" is a reasonable thing to say. Thin end of the wedge.
It's understood dozens of business leaders will urge politicians to stop Brexit "fantasies" and back a second referendum in a letter set to be published this week. #HeartNews
French Minister of Europe at the National Assembly: “This deal cannot be renegotiated. Theresa May has failed to adopt it. The British Parliament should tell us now what they intend to do.” #Brexit #DirectAN #QAG
Incredible comments from Macron.
Getting others to manage these cross party talks seems somewhat cowardly. PM should be speaking directly to #Corbyn. #bbcpm
I couldn't care about Brexit that much either. I care more about abrupt irreversible climate change, and if you witnessed last summer and the summer Australia is having, you might have that concern too.... if you were more than a crow.
French armys have la baguette de pain y’a quoi
Opinion | Hold a Second Brexit Referendum - The New York Times
Simple: kill #brexit, defeat Putin
Petition: Brexit re article 50 it must not be suspended/stopped under any circumstances
The latest The querbeet Daily! #brexit #archiv
Brexit will be ‘sorted’ at 23:00 on 29th March. Unless something happens….
I liked a video BREXIT storm deepens, as parliamentary coup may be forming against May and Corbyn
The only option left is #LetsGoWTO #brexit #checkmate #mps you have no options left ! No #peoplesvote we have crossed that box #nodeal Theresa finally faced the music !
Powerful piece of work by the on the death toll of ‘The Troubles’ and the potential #BrexitBorderlands More:
It’s gotten to the point that in my study breaks I now check on how #brexit is doing. So basically I’m stressed. And then I’m stressed.
It's understood dozens of business leaders will urge politicians to stop Brexit "fantasies" and back a second referendum in a letter set to be published this week. #HeartNews
Some people really are very, very stupid. Big picture guys... #GTTO We really do mean this. They are poisonous. They have created a historic mess here. Brexit shambles. Now they're playing Dog in a Manger. Not moving... Look around you outside your comfortable Westminster bubble
Of course he’s bound by what they want. I bet he promised the earth when electioneering
Rees mogg needs to disuse we’re his priories are
Only those with nothing to lose would be willing to crash out of the EU without an agreement: The super-rich and the discontented poor. In many ways, this is the core nationalist-right coalition behind Brexit. #Brexit
Rapper Drillminister: Recycling Brexit
Ben you are deluded. No deal brexit is the default already. Tick tock to the 29th of March. Teresa May playing a blinded winding the clock down.
A viagra Brexit. Time limited tumescence? Appropriate for the knobs in the process.
Labour are just as bad, no party would of delivered brexit the way we were told at the start, this has shown up almost every one of them on both sides for what they are
Here again is a real world issue which is being totally ignored by this shitshow government. Yet when Corbyn mentions it in the HofC Tories rant like banshees.
Yeah maybe but I just used an example. It depends on how much the people who voted for brexit give a shit about it and then what policy the other parties have on EU.
We're both fans of knitted ties.
Investment and Trading: Pound wobbly after May's Brexit deal voted down
WHAT THE FUCK DOES BREXIT MEAN
creating the best lead #generating #sign up #form #landing pages.get your #landing page done by me.i am Always ready to work with new challenges.. see my offers:
no arsehole shortage there!
It's understood dozens of business leaders will urge politicians to stop Brexit "fantasies" and back a second referendum in a letter set to be published this week. #HeartNews
it’s staggering to see you stand their and make claims about Brexit non of which are proven or likely. It’s clear that the would lead Scotland into slavery with the EU.
The future of Brexit is uncertain, but the only certainty as of now is Mayexit.
Wrong, the last ge created a HoC of 86% of members who stood on Brexit manifesto but only returned c. 20% Brexit supporting members, didn't really clear anything up did it?
There are a growing number of Conservative MPs, including former Ministers, willing to rebel to back a People's Vote and completely change the terms of the Brexit debate. With Labour's backing it would break the deadlock.
Opinion | Britain Is a Nation in Desperate Need of a Driver - The New York Times
PMQs: Theresa May and Ken Clarke on Brexit red lines
The European Working Time Directive went some way to managing that. Brexit is more critical for medicine and the country that your whining - don't you think?
I very much want a no deal Brexit I don't want to be ruled by the likes of you and the other sewer rats in the EU.
Brexit has been a catastrophic political failure
Opinion: #Brexit likely to be Britain's greatest disaster
Theresa May lost big on her Brexit deal vote — here’s what could happen now
Jeremy Clarkson issues foul-mouthed summary of Brexit… via
Analysis | The Daily 202: From Brexit to NATO and the shutdown, Putin is winning so much he might get tired of winning
The Mayor's European Social Fund Procurement workshop - last chance for help with bidding before #brexit - 28/01 delivered by - book now: …
Except two of these scenarios are quite likely within the next decade - especially if Cruella's aim of a no-deal Brexit is allowed to bear fruit. As for the third, it's evident that many Blairite MPs would be happier joining LDs, except for the fact they'd lose their seats.
Investment and Trading: World stocks ride out May's Brexit defeat, pound s...
When the Japanese were overrunning China in the 1930s the Chinese Communists recognized that their first priority was defending the country. We cannot practice socialism in China if there is no China, they said ! Corbyn cannot see we must first prevent Brexit ruining the UK
If the DUP voted against the Government then we could at least get rid of , the most duplicitous and incompetent Prime Minister in living memory. Probably ever, really. She might even be replaced by someone who actually wanted to get us out of the EU.
Historian: Queen Should Suspend Parliament to Stop Remain MPs from Blocking Brexit
Tweet of the day so far, on the day after the day following which we had expectations of waking up to something better. Are MPs so numbed already by their own incompetence with #Brexit, that not even yesterday’s banging together of heads can alert them to the disaster before us?
Christopher Chope seems to think yesterday’s vote was a vote for no deal, and we should all go and prepare for rations and coal mining or something because Brexit means Brexit.
Love this, from an anonymous source - #brexit is like going bowling. And losing a bet that you have to lay spread legged on the lane and then stubbornly refusing to get out of the way of the bowling ball because you believe it'll be "fine."
#BREXIT Remainer LIES: Companies would leave the UK in their droves, especially in the car industryNo sign of this,and UK car manufacturing achieving its12th successive month of growth in July,with production passing one million units in seven months forthe first time in 12 years
Hard, #hard #Brexit. #HardBrexit (Did I say hard?)
The UK is heading for a WTF Brexit #BrexitShambles
Funny how think despite Christmas only a few week ago they think it’s nearly the end of May. Lol. #Brexit
Can't tell if this is staged or not, but it captures the idiocy behind #Brexit via
EU climate regulations screw Britain. #Brexit
DelayMay should survive this vote tonight but she should still resign and get a Brexit solid PM and Cabinet. Then watch what a good deal should be. Certainly not your shackles wish, 39 billion bribe to keep us trapped.
Look for Brexit clarity by early February
Arch-Corbynite Labour shadow minister Richard Burgon clearly represents the thuggish element pervading the Labour Party under Corbyn, as this C4 video demonstrates. He's clearly not interested in creating a broad anti-Brexit front &amp; just wants Brexit !
how many RTs to forget about Article 50 and #Brexit? #askingforafriend
Futures were hovering near breakeven this morning as the market evaluated the impact of the failed Brexit vote. The Dow is sitting less than 200 points away from escaping correction. The three U.S. major averages are coming off their highest closes in more than a month.
See also
Interesting numbers on our Facebook poll. It seems 52/48 is a popular result! Feel free to join the poll - #BrexitVote #Brexit
BBCNEWS 6:50am BREXIT AND BUSINESS. Fears no deal will lead to higher prices and empty she'ves' I CONFIDENCE VOTE DEBATE. MP debate...
I have nothing to back up. I haven't made any assertions. You, however, have claimed that Brexit is a racist endeavour, but have failed to show why. I repeat: Are you sure you actually know what racism is?
A hard Brexit brings targeted talks. The big bag of goodies approach was doomed to failure.
Not sure he or his supporters could be called 'progressives' - all very deeply conservative and reactionary. What I find worrying is how many remainers still love him despite the fact he is openly pro Brexit.
Totally agree. Leavers seem to believe that before we joined the EU life was somehow this Utopia. The only thing wrong is that such a thing never existed.
found the twat
What happens now with Brexit? British PM Theresa May's big defeat leaves no clear options | Analysis by CNN's
And that EU as currently constituted is perhaps the main nexus for capital flight for global south via intellectual property rights denial/enforcement and dirty banking (legalised). I for one am kind of sick of that.
It is a shame, the dispirited #Brexit voters, Leave #EU out, won #UK #referendum, simply because the 'remain, in' failed to go out and vote.
Brexit second referendum: Which MPs have called for a People's Vote?
I understand. But in your honest opinion IF someone should take the wheel in steering you guys through Brexit is what I mean.
This Brexit farce has me wanting to put all the politicians of the land in a big boat in the middle of the Atlantic ocean, then have it scuttled....In the circumstances I think most people would agree this isn't too harsh. #Brexit #BrexitShambles #PoliticiansAreALaughingStock
Grieve is just another remainer throwing anything he can in the path of Brexit, with the aim of stopping it. His 2nd eu ref bill, or motion says it all, he doesn't respect the eu ref result, or leave voters. Also if no deal is taken of the table, remain should be taken off too.
FTSE #LIVE: Pound volatile after May's Brexit defeat; Businesses prepare for no-deal - Daily Mail #makeMoneyOnline #news
Trump, Brexit and human sexuality: Are we to be doomed by intransigence?
Agree we need a #GeneralElection now to break the Brexit deadlock? Stand with us:
This is just fake project fear and part of a strategic plan step-by-step to stop Brexit. We do not need to reassure business by delaying article 50. Here is the substantive reassurance without doing so:-
Everything in the deal is approved by the EU.. the deal is Black &amp; White as far as the EU will work with us/ compromise... evidently NOT AT ALL. She’s been in denial this entire time &amp; they’ve enjoyed laughing at her back... we need a Churchill. #Brexit #BrexitShambles
Jeremy Corbyn is an utter disaster as Opposition Leader. So much he should have said and didn’t. We have a PM claiming that “the key thing Parliament has to do is deliver Brexit” Actually, it isn’t. It is to DO WHATS IN THE UK’S BEST INTEREST. Brexit is not in the UK’s interest.
Assuming she can get through to the care home.
Of course he does... Nut no one listens...
““The oldest parliament in the world after Iceland’s is in one hell of a state. Brexit has split a once stable country in two and transformed its politicians into lemmings, throwing themselves off the white cliffs into the sea. It’s great theatre – but…”
"Hard Border" - Splendid video tacked on to the end of Brexit for article. Well done Stephen Rea. May’s defeat spells trouble for the EU’s Brexit approach via
Long way to go to bring Britain back together after Brexit vote - May
May’s Brexit Deal Failed. What Happens Now? #Brexit #Remain
Companies cry out for Brexit clarity, warn on no-deal
Brexit has created a 'lost generation' of public services
If you wrote it you wouldn't find a publisher willing to publish - such unbelievably tosh!
The US and UK are in disarray. Vladimir Putin's investments in Trump and Brexit are paying off for him, big league. #trumpputin #traitor45 #stateoftheunion
Not in these Brexit times. Everything is go go go!
The entire Brexit debacle that has gripped the UK over the past two and half years also speaks volumes about the failings of politicians educated at Oxbridge and public schools. They have similarly shown themselves to be out of touch and disconnected from the rest of the country.
United Ireland. Seriously. Polling is now looking quite close [Brexit] and the British Government could ease the way by it giving it its blessing.
The Tories, relentlessly clinging onto power bought with tax payers money, despite massive defeat on Brexit deal, child poverty, homlessness, deaths caused by their austerity, wildlife &amp; climate abuses. They're a bloody disgrace. #GTTO #GeneralElections2019 #NoConfidence
U.S. stock market opens firmly higher as solid quarterly results overshadow Brexit worries
Welcome move for the pound if it occurs.
That's ridiculous. The number of times in the recent past, I read &amp; was told Corbyn couldn't hold a no confidence vote because he only had 1 chance. Sickening. If he can't have his Brexit from voters with a G.E. he has to validate Brexit in a ratification or not #PeoplesVote
or indeed imagine one where she had sought to listen to 16 million people who voted to stay in the EU, instead of ignoring them or belittling them... #brexitchaos
Your right what caused this mess is probably the question to ask. I came across this today and it makes for interesting listening. If he’s right then Brexit won’t be the answer.
Wow. Cant believe the hipocrisy of a party who only called the ref in order to try &amp; win an election, &amp; called another election 2 years later, mid-Brexit, to try and capitalise on favourable polls. If Torys had put country before party wed never be in this mess #brexit
What’s new he’s not up to the job - unclear Labour Brexit alternative plan and a marmite leader who lacks widespread appeal not a recipe for winning a GE
Companies cry out for Brexit clarity, warn on no-deal | Canadian HR Reporter #Brexit
Song for Brexit soundtrack "Won't Get Fooled Again" by The Who! Barry in Wrexham
Carole is doing an excellent job. Also in Parliament. But it should be a relentless front page scandal with a Mueller-type inquiry under way. No MP should dare to claim *We must deliver Brexit* with the hypocrisy of delivering a legally tainted, corrupted referendum
Now remoaners are attempting to steal the Union Jack from us. It's pretty straightforward, if you love the UK, the Union Jack is your flag. If your an EU shill, traitor, Fifth columnist, Quisling, Haw Haw, etc, etc, then the EU flag is yours. Remoaners aren't British.
The latest Stock Litmus! Thanks to #brexit #worldatwork
#libertarian MEP, Bill Etheridge, thrown out of #EU debate #brexit #libertarianism #pmqs #customsunion #libertarianparty
Pride goes before a fall. During this 2 yrs of negotiations we now know what Brexit entails. We are now all well informed. Should we not now then make the final decision? So you're not afraid because u know remain would now win, you're just 2 proud to remain now so we will fall
Sorry for the insult. But I'm getting fed up with this kind of nonsense where the idea of asking people what they think is somehow undemocratic. Brexit looks a hell of a lot different to what Leave campaigners promised in 2016. Even Cummings, Vote Leave chair proposed a 2nd Ref.
Today in #Belgium more #N-VA #brexit #en #MR #cdenv #www #des #groen #pano #PS #op #les #voor #au
this will be fun
“If we think about just the amount of pernicious uncertainty in the U.K. affecting capital spending, it’s very stark.” on call #brexit
UK government faces no-confidence vote after Brexit defeat –
How to break the Brexit deadlock? Quite a range of options - Cancel Brexit - Senior backbenchers take control - The Queen intervenes - A Citizens' Assembly - Two referendums - A government of national unity - A Parliamentary Commission
Exactly. We had a deal, it’s been rejected. Now it’s down to the government to resort to the default position of WTO. #BREXIT
Pound strengthens after parliamentary defeat leaves Brexit plan in tatters
Brexit is a nightmare for currency traders - CNN via
If you’re an Astronomer in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a tragedy for you. If you live in the South West of England then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this fiasco! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Brexit an extreme form of "thickularity".
This is brilliant
Scotland is not a country says fuckwit May. Seriously, Methadone Mick could have came up with a #brexit plan by now. this is what you donated your £1 million for. #DissolveTheUnion or #IndyRef2 just get Scotland the fuck oot of there.
See also
#BREXIT Remainer LIES: David Cameron said he wouldn't resign as Prime Minister if he lost the Referendum vote.
Nigel Farage predicts second referendum as he blasts Theresa May's failed Brexit deal - Evening Standard
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
Funny how Labour think despite Christmas only a few week ago they think it’s nearly the end of May. Lol. #Brexit
Despite #China's slowdown, the US government shutdown that will cause some nasty job numbers, the collapse of the UK's #Brexit strategy and other visible worries, the #stockmarket is idling higher. Having $GS get back in the game on earnings day helped optimists (bulls).
A Second Brexit Referendum Would Not Be Undemocratic: by Michael C. Dorf Now that…
Investment and Trading: World stocks ride out May's Brexit defeat, pound s...
May is going to drag Brexit over the line by April in any form dead or alive She will then go happy to forever be the PM who delivered Brexit Nice Remainers need to wake up to this fast #politicslive
Great meeting with today talking #enterprise support and the future of #business advice in the UK, particularly #digital support in a post #Brexit world.
#MACRON IS THE BIGGEST LOSER IN EUROPE. #MAY, #MERKEL #MACRON ALL MUST GO! Why #NoDeal is #GoodDeal Read #Piers #Corbyn =&gt; #YellowVestsInternational
Join [Friday 25 Jan] for our annual #retail seminar. Our speakers will explore #Christmas trading results, the potential impact of #Brexit and discuss other #retail trends &amp; spending themes for 2019 &amp; beyond - Sign up here:
So DUP will support a weak government and the rupturing of industry in the UK how noble of them.
That's not a plan - that's remain
I think when things come to push and shove the EU will be pleading for the UK back to the negotiating table !
A second referendum is an easy way out for MPs – but not for democracy | Chris Bickerton
Can anyone of my British followers tell me what’s going on with #Brexit because I’m like really confused
Absolutely fantastic.
Good thing simpan sikit Pound
Hi Ben. The Brexit soundtrack should include Should I stay or should I go now?
This is not a Confidence Vote Debate it is just Party Political broadcasts from each party - not once has the fact that we voted for a NO Deal WTO Brexit been mentioned &amp; it is not about the fact that Govt have broken Manifesto promises to public so should go.
People who say "the brexit" #names
"Whatever the outcome of the Brexit negotiations over the next 12 weeks, use this as a lesson of how integrated all countries now are" #cataclysmic #brexit
Let's get the order and sequence right: 1. Stop Brexit 2. If we really must, then return to tribal politics 3. Better still, let us learn and reform from 2.5 years of mess #BrexitShambles #Corbyn
Here is your delusion, that you voted for a Hard Brexit and WTO. You did not.
Sadly I am happy about it or Brexit
Doesn't that show that there are big flaws in that system though? I hope no matter what the outcome of brexit is there'll be actual significant reforms in our political system
Of what year my friend?
you'll love this :)
The latest DOGS et MONDE Daily! Thanks to #brexit #books
Free falling: What to expect from a no-deal Brexit via
Leave campaigns were all things to all people. Whatever you wanted from #Brexit you would get it. owns responsibility for this. Failing to make Leave offer a negotiated plan gave them a majority coalition of people who utterly disagree about what #Brexit is.
Do let us know when you manage either.
Investment and Trading: Pound wobbly after May's Brexit deal voted down
How’s Brexit even ur business?
tony francis rees on Twitter
your ideas for brexit are none negotiable with the EU so zip it! And that is the message from me who was once a labour voter but not for now with you the clueless leader. I would vote Conservative if a general election #Brexit #LabourParty #JeremyCorbyn
Ouch. just crushed Corbyn on the Parliament Channel. #Nato #Antisemitism #trident #IRA #novichok #brexit all in 4 minutes! #JeremyCorbyn
#Brexit botched badly - well, #TheresaMay Perhaps you and #DonaldTrump should GO AWAY
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK Yess he's a puppet an Putin puppet at that what Putin say Mr Trump says: Yes Master! Then does it.
If we had another vote on Brexit and we still get the leave vote what would we do then #justasking
Another Brexit explainer
when there’s brexit news
Fuck you . Go onto your app, u have a short film of ppl being asked what they think of Brexit. Rather different to the 3 clips u have just shown on tv. Edited clips showing support for May. Fuck you and your right wing bias. #WatchChannel4News
You mean as a colony and a member of common wealth? Don't we just wait for orders from headquarters?
Not that May will pay any attention.
The EU thanks the brave UK For showing everyone the way How not to make a smooth exit. What of poor Europe post-Brexit? Skeptical countries watch Ms May And think: "Alright...perhaps we'll stay..." #poem #Brexit
Strange paranoia with some MP's about the EU in #Brexit debate Timmermans: No desire to punish UK via
Yes but "he" isn't willing to support it while many labour ministers have come in support of people's vote. he keeps talking of his unicorn of "Job first brexit"
You have to respect and the SNP if they backed #Brexit for party reasons and backed #Brexitdeal they would have a better reason for independence. Tory and Labour are only interested in their own interests. #VoteOfNoConfidence #RevokeRemainRebuild
Boris, there is a straightforward solution to the Brexit Deal impasse already embedded in the Brexit documents which could be used to remove the backstop problem and should be acceptable to all. It just needs elevating. See proposal at
Some candor about #Brexit from Macron.
BBC News - Brexit vote: Donald Tusk hints UK should stay in EU
Easily bought
And you thought YOU were fed up with Brexit:
'Still time to negotiate,' Merkel says after Brexit vote
Choosing between May or Corbyn is like choosing which arm you'd rather lose #voteofnoconfidence #Brexit #BrexitVote #shitshow
For those that say they didn't know #Brexit- You knew the peace, security &amp; economic progress we had in #EU. Now unknown.
Just one aspect of the cost of brexit to the nation ... already. However the cost to society in terms of loss of cohesion, unity, a sense of community, and resulting societal ills is unquantifiable. We must stop brexit and start healing right now. #FBPE
Oh. So they’re stupid? I think Obama tried that here. Didn’t work.
There’s no “current agreement” just an EU proposal being sold by Mrs May. Totally unacceptable, if you think any of that is appropriate to Brexit thinking then clearly you should emigrate...
Funny how Labour think despite Christmas only a few weeks ago they think it’s nearly the end of May. Lol. #Brexit
C'mon get your brain into gear. The vote of no confidence is on everything the Tories have failed on, not just Brexit. If May had any sense of honour she would resign now and call a #GeneralElection .
I care about social issues as much as you but you have to play the cards as they're dealt. Right now Lab can do nothing about Universal Credit until after a GE. But this week they can stop a Brexit no one voted for. To point elsewhere, tonite, on their broadcast, is whataboutery.
Soft Brexit now!!!!
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK THE WORLD
An editorial so bristling in hubris....good grief do they enjoy their moral superiority on everything including Brexit??
I have just spent the last 6.5 hours calculating a solution to the #brexit crisis. It works, but I'm just not confident enough to release it publicly yet.
Investment and Trading: FTSE 100 seen lower after May's Brexit deal crush
So FoE is part of the elitist left who want to sabotage Brexit and remain in EU regardless of the referendum. That's my membership cancelled then...
This is where the relentless hatred &amp; bile spouting of the #Tory/#UKIP #Brexit mob &amp; their assorted right-wing European counterparts leads us. Good people murdered in the course of trying to help others. (see full thread). #BrexitVote #BrexitChaos #Gdansk
Companies cry out for Brexit clarity, warn on no-deal
Lizzie destroys Brexit in one simple analogy, film at 11.
#Corbyn working on his #Brexit bollocks.
Can’t argue with Theresa May’s points about Jeremy Corbyn not yet being clear at all on Labour’s position re Brexit, but to start peddling Daily Fail rhetoric claiming he is anti Semitic is just desperate and low. #PMQs
Call today for your hire requirements and we promise not to talk about Brexit! #Brexit #tractorhire #telehandlerhire #jcbhire #muckspreaderhire
All they need to do is cancel article 50 and immediately re-invoke it. Problem solved!
Gary true or false, you are taking bungs to bring up brexit on twitter every time you blink?
European Green on Jeremy Corbyn's damaging Brexit stance
Paul and Ted meeting residents today in Park Court - lots of support despite Brexit
crazy uk brexit 17m rule 66m uk humans and brexit leaders say freedom yet same leaders say no freedom for scotland
Why are they calling the police scum? What have their views on police got to do with Brexit? Have I missed something?
Westminster Brexit offer. May: Dead Corbyn: Unicorns BoJo et al: Dead Unicorns
Here defines the constitutional crisis. In giving the referendum to the people, MPs voted to throw their representative democracy position out the window and give decisive power to voters. Whether we secure a deal or not, the option to remain should be removed #brexit #WTOBrexit
#Brexit and the nasty brand of isolationist nationalism that is spreading again across Europe threatens our hard-won peace and security.
If the Peoples referendum of 2016 which was the biggest ever democratic vote is not implemented there is no rational reason to have another one. #CleanBrexit #Brexit #negotiations #barnier #economy #Labour #today #Leave #LeaveMeansLeave #No2EU
This goes for brexit as well.
We’re running out of time before the #Brexit deadline could see us crash out of the EU, hurting women the most. stop playing politics and join our demands for a #PeoplesVote
Though, if this is correct there may be hope. Or whatever you call another year of uncertainty
"Take a second look, May urges MPs before Brexit vote" -
A promise he made in an attempt to mop up the UKIP vote #Brexit equals #conservativesmess
Is this where Boris the Spider was created out of primordial protoplasm? Can he be unmade? If he’d never existed he’d never have bullied Cameron into calling for that fatal referendum in 2016. See anything is Brexit if you work it, even Spider-Man!
Oh good, the #ZombieApocalypse is on the horizon. I've been waiting patiently for it for soooo long. BBC News - Brexit and no-confidence vote: Corbyn targets 'zombie government' #Brexit #BrexitVote #NoConfidenceMotion #ThingsThatAreBadForYourHealth
#Brexit solution
You should listen to Radio 5's Brexit Barometer. Someone needs to tap the glass.
My dear, #Brexit isn't the only issue Labour voters are convened about. This Tory government's record on domestic policies is even worse than their record on #Brexit negotiations. A NC debate need to highlight all that
"This Government has failed our country" Jeremy Corbyn made a passionate plea for Theresa May to resign following her defeat last night on the #Brexit deal.
Some people rather face a hard no deal Brexit with May than go left. #analogytweet
BBC News - Brexit vote: Donald Tusk hints UK should stay in EU
For you to fuck the fuck off pal!
What do you think of Brexit??? Me:
She will stop Brexit. Mark my words. Last chance saloon is tonight - for Tory Brexiteers to vote No Confidence.
There is a way out of the Brexit impasse, but it requires all political parties to adopt a spirit of compromise which, until now, they’ve been unable to display. Can an old dog learn new tricks?
only abusive uncles are against brexit. go vegan, grow or forage own food and not play the govt game alltogether.
Corbyn wants out - only today it became "the most important issue facing the country" - who do you think you're fooling? Labour have kept their talent well away from the front bench precisely because they don't care about #Brexit. *You've* wasted 2.5 years! #CorbynBrexitSpeech
Ok, so where the hell does Brexit go from here?
Historian: Queen Should Suspend Parliament to Stop Remain MPs from Blocking Brexit via
The Tories are missing the old stitch-up politics, when the choice of opposition leader had to meet with their approval.
Liberal polls are always wrong. They were seriously wrong predicting the US 2016 Election which Trump won, Brexit you were horribly wrong and now on the longest US Government shutdown you are wrong again. Stop putting out fake news
Any likeness between and Chelsea Queen Elizabeth (Bradley King Edward) Manning before operation Wikileaks (to protect Encyclopædia Britannica) is accidentally. To bi možda i više interesovalo od Brexit-a? (English DNK transcription [anus burn a: bitch])
May Gives Statement After Suffering Large Defeat on Brexit Deal
The future of British car making is secure despite fears it would implode after Brexit. Delighted bosses today unveiled the first British-made model to roll off the production line since the country voted to leave the EU.
Hey, thought you might enjoy this poem I wrote on Brexit. Feel free to retweet it if you like it x
.....after two years, if this is the best she could do,she deserves to be humiliated.
"The Leave campaign lied to the people and what they (the public) have chosen is not possible. Good luck to the representatives of the nation, who have to implement a thing that doesn't exist." Macron explains the Brexit crisis perfectly
Investment and Trading: FTSE 100 seen lower after May's Brexit deal crush
That is bollocks. Before the Ref was all Single Market but as soon as outlined her red lines, he fell into line like the weasel he is. Only recently having seen the writing on the wall, and that Brexit will fail, he had reverted to his SM stance.
And so it begins: ads on Facebook promoting "No Deal", click on link in tweet below to see Facebook ads and promoters.
Theresa May omits Jeremy Corbyn from cross-party Brexit talks This is childish behaviour #TeresaMay #Brexit
In the current circumstances of Brexit, and as a closet deceitful Brexiteer himself, how can possibly be proud of the size of the "government" defeat? The whole thing reeks of Labour opportunism at the expense of the country! What WOULD he have voted for? Nothing!!!
Currently 43% for cancelling #Brexit...
They even want to fix the alternatives, by having two versions of BREXIT and one of Remain, in order to split the BREXIT vote. So that the UK would remain in the EU. Liz Kendall MP said that on the BBC today. The original vote stands and should be delivered and No Deal does that.
Translation: 'Not me guv.' Shameless, cowardly, reckless, dangerously irresponsible, and, as ever, self-serving.
Brexit is breaking all the records!
UK's Labour calls on May to try a Brexit compromise to get deal passed -
Lordy
She was rattled by all that he said...you could tell by that tone in her voice when she is trying to sound determined and dramatic. She just sounds like a braying ass. She has more than brexit to answer for, housing, NHS etc
How long do you need? How long have we got? Such a sad decline and deterioration of the Labour Party...
Move it, move it! | End Brexit paralysis, say levfin investors: After the UK government's Brexit plan was rejected by parliament, clarity about the near future looks far fetched, and some debt buyers say borrowers have little reason to wait for longer
British pound rebounds when Brexit deal voted down
“Brexit was somehow getting better defined with the withdrawal agreement, but we are back to complete uncertainty now. We have to live with it, anyway. How long do we need to understand this, another month?”
I agree with you Bob and I'm hard remainer. UK should've agreed what it wants BEFORE triggering A50. It is gross negligence for May, Corbyn &amp; Parliament starting Brexit WITHOUT agreeing what they want! The whole Brexit is disgrace for UK Parliamentary democracy.
Dear United Kingdom, about that no so hunky-dory Brexit-situation. That doesn't seem to work out properly for anybody. Does it? Well. We all make mistakes. Let's fix 'em, it is not too late. You belong...
No lad 0:03 was Mr. Speaker calling order to the House of Commons so the MPs could vote on the Brexit deal Theresa May agreed with the EU!
Among all EU countries, the #Netherlands has the 5th highest earnings from #exports to the #UK #Brexit
One debt capital markets banker in London, who could only describe Brexit and politicians in Brussels and London in his most industrial Anglo Saxon invective, said that many clients had folded their immediate plans to issue in the high yield bond or leveraged loan markets.
Has anyone checked whether Graham Brady has a low-level letterbox? I mean, this could sort of be relevant to Brexit, right?
Make no mistake: The EU is continuing to negotiate with Theresa May, if only she'd listen
#BREXIT Remainer LIES: Universities wanted the UK to remain in the EU because leaving would result in Horizon 2020 funding disappearing. The new Chancellor, Philip Hammond, has agreed to keep this funding in place.
Investment and Trading: Pound wobbly after May's Brexit deal voted down
Looking forward to a future German chancellor talking about France in the same way.
Slightly frustrating when a foreigner has a better grasp of the mess we’re in than our government seems to have...
A good reminder that nothing is ever black and white! How odd that a Brexit withdrawal deal would lead to "new sets of EU controlled relationships" and one that would suggestibly damage the NATO, US &amp; 5 eyes alliances?! That all seems completely backwards!?
It is not up to me, as a humble British Gibraltarian, to lecture Europeans on what to do, but I think it’s time the national interest of the #EU overtakes narrow nationalistic &amp; party politics redefines the red lines imposed by hardliners in the EU. We are ready for this. #Brexit
The British people should get the final say on the Brexit deal, with the option to remain in the EU. Agree? Add your name:
While our establishment politicians on their EU-funded pensions might want to overturn Brexit, the people of Britain will never surrender to...
We raised from the ashes...done it for me #Brexit
I'm game if anyone else is.
Clean Brexit
Opening a debate on a no-confidence motion, Mr Corbyn said the government "should do the right thing and resign" after Tuesday night's record-breaking defeat on its Brexit legislation....
Did French President Emmanuel Macron sum up Brexit better than the British?
#PMQs To gain backing of the House, Govt must give up on red lines. PM May says Govt won’t budge on red lines therefore it’s blindingly obvious she won’t gain the backing of the House. This is too painful to watch. The only solution to this #Brexit mess is a #PeoplesVote now!
He been to busy sorting the rampant antisemitism in his party to worry about Brexit. Although just a minute!!!!
Marke Carney says markets think May’s defeat could mean softer Brexit
Macron talking about brexit while his country burns.
Dear , you were elected to sort out London, not the UK. Your priority should be knife crime in the capital, not national politics.
Looking forward to checking out when it gets released!
As is support for brexit, according to the poll you posted yesterday. You haven't called that out.
A debate on confidence in the government and the first backbencher, Sir Christopher Chope, is talking about the PM's failings on Brexit. But he will vote for her later. Yes, it all makes sense in Westminster right now.
the Brexit referendum seems like a nation/region decided its future based on a Twitter poll, and now they’re still furiously debating the results in the mentions with no agreement in sight
Ok, So Where The Hell Does Brexit Go From Here?
How important and is the no confidence debate...just look at the empty benches...what a water of time....#brexit
“Brexit is briskly entertaining, driven by a different kind of lead performance from Benedict Cumberbatch — he's less leading man (he's balding and pasty here) and more leading brain, which of course he also excels at.”
Investment and Trading: World stocks ride out May's Brexit defeat, pound s...
And the full story here
Timeline of key events leading up to Brexit vote -
Perfectly fair deal - Tories should tell May to get with it, or get voted down tonight. EU opens door to further Brexit trade negotiations if Theresa May ditches red lines
Many called on Prime Minister Theresa May to “stop the clock” on Article 50 to give her more time to secure a Brexit deal that would minimise damage to the British economy
I would like to thank Jeremy Corbin for voting hundreds of times over the last 25 years against the EU, and helping control this nasty unelected EU superstate from coming to fruition
Sneaky Tory hallions.
Indeed
After Defeat on Brexit Plan, Theresa May Faces No-Confidence Vote
Companies cry out for Brexit clarity, warn on no-deal | Reuters
Sadly I am not happy about it or Brexit
Eurogroup chief sees room for more talks to avoid hard #Brexit
Also, he has no idea how the Brexit process works. Surprise that, isn’t it?
The choice is simply this. Revoke Article 50 or don’t. Focus on this and not the deal that doesn’t exist. By the way, we all want you to want to stay and fix the issues inside the tent. Put the choice to the people if necessary. #Brexit #PeoplesVote
#Europe: Brexit vote reactions and analysis | DW News
The hysteria surrounding the triggering of Art 50 was certainly a problem. But it was an major fail on the part of the UK political classes (including the ERG) not to grasp the importance of that moment for shaping Brexit.
In 200 years of MX independence, there has never been such a defeat in congress as occurred in UK on Brexit Plan.
The truth of lexit
your day to day life has changed already. you are in denial. brexit has given me 20% more purchase power in EUR, maybe you are worried. look at your face before calling yourself "Truemen" like you need to explain yourself what gender you belong.
Hard Border - Magical video at the end of this FT article. May’s defeat spells trouble for the EU’s Brexit approach via
*company. This is scandalous. Truly. It is time to stop peddling lies and fables about Brexit.
Fighting talk from Mr Macron.
A Short History of Brexit by Kevin O’Rourke review – a devastating account
Labour's Jeremy Corbyn has called on the prime minister to clarify her policy on a customs deal and a no-deal after her plan for Brexit was voted down by a majority of...
I speak fluent English, have a PhD in English from a British university, have been married to a Brit for 28 years &amp; lived in the UK for 32 years. Yet to be able to go on with my life I'll have to APPLY &amp; PAY for the privilege. That's what Brexit means. That's why the EU helped.
No, its to keep corrupt corporatists in power, which are in the conservative and labour parties. The ONLY way to keep corrupt corporatists out of power, is to deliver a no deal Brexit, and use the newly liberated democracy to vote out corrupt corporatists from ALL parties.
UK Parliament Rejects Brexit Agreement as EFPIA Warns of Threats to Patient Safety. EU biopharmaceutical industry group EFPIA on Tuesday said that the UK parliament’s decision to reject the Brexit withdrawal agreement, by a vote of 432 to 202, and politic…
Sorry and what about Jeremy? Why do we keep ignoring that giant grey thing with a trunk in the corner? FYI it's the Brexit loving elephant that is .
Look for Brexit clarity by early February
No wonder we can't agree on #Brexit we can't even make #VAT laws on #gingerbreadmen straight forward! You can give him chocolate eyes &amp; be VAT free, but don't you dare give him chocolate coat/jacket buttons. CRAZY!!
Hold a Second Brexit Referendum
I don't think we'll ever know. A Premiership completely consumed by Brexit. Who knows how she'd have fared with an easier hand to play.
MPs are playing us for fools. They all colluded behind closed doors to ensure Brexit never happens, fact. The only thing they have delivered is this pantomime and it’s awful. They’ve embarrassed the whole country.
If she had any excellent ideas, I wished she’d proposed them before! She has presided over an awful deal that potentially destroys our union, and pretends to be a saviour of same. She’s a sham; the worst Conservative leader we’ve had, certainly in my memory. She should resign.
Billboard campaign reminds voters of MPs' Brexit promises
Why did it have to take someone so vile to say it? SHE’S GOT A POINT THOUGH!!
That's very, very hard to believe Dave. #BrexitChaos
Brexit: EU 'wants to know what UK wants' #Brexit #UK #EU #Scotland #NI #Wales #England #Ireland #voters #politics #elections #economy #trade #finance #markets #investors
#UK is out of #EU, #Brexit. Resulting, UK will have to look forward to rejoin EU, only by accepting #Euro and joining #Schengen. drawback?
Labour can't remove the Tories and the Tories can't remove May. Meanwhile the clock ticks.... #Brexit #BrexitVote #brexitdebate #NoConfidenceVote
#BREXIT requires time but I do believe she has to go #PMQs ....She is too stubborn
Companies warn of catastrophic impacts of no-deal Brexit
Then you would vote to remain? I agree ALL Brexit parties must unite under one banner, preferably a new one but one which includes UKIP voters. United we stand, divided we fall. Once we leave and it's done in law then what will be will be.
*DAILY ANTI-GULLIBITY DOSE* George Carlin said it best,They don't give a F**K about you. #YellowVestsKICKASS #YellowVests #FREEASSANGE #21TrillionMissingFromPENTAGON
Another MP who doesn't represent his constituents time to rid ourselves of these self serving hypocrites,come on people of Grantham get rid
Finally.
. said: “A no-deal situation is to be avoided at all costs. It could imperil our food supply...&amp; disrupt valuable trade routes for our producers and farmers. Suggestions the UK might suspend or diminish food regulations to keep food supply flowing are also alarming.”
Party before country. Thank you Nick - keep the architect &amp; march blindly into your friends in the ERag's No Deal Brexit, just to keep a minority gov that can't even pass its own Finance Bill. Lackeys of the DUP delivering a No Deal Brexit because they don't trust the public
"Search on for #brexitdebate consensus after May's crushing defeat" -
Yet again, May is beholden to the machinations of the far right - does anyone still think she has any autonomy at all? #Brexit #Shambles #Shame
British PM Faces Confidence Vote After Brexit Humiliation
The majority of decent, right minded people need to be heard. Whether they are Leavers or Remainers. The greatest tragedy of Brexit is that the minority extremists have dictated the political narrative. Changing History eBook on Amazon
Following yesterday's vote, market expectations are shifting towards a softer version of #Brexit, and some investors are highlighting opportunities in "undervalued" U.K. stocks (Photo: AP)
That's not a Brexit plan, that's trapping us in the EU forever. All that changes is that we have no voting rights under his "plan". He is a fascist collaborator willing to sell us to the EU for personal gain.
Listening to Brexit deal vote, rly heard "eyes" + "nose" instead of "ayes" + "nos." was not surprised by this parliamentary procedure
#Brexit vote: Donald Tusk hints UK should stay in EU An #original #poem by #amwriting #poetry #indieauthor #selfpublishing and proud #peaceandlove
It’s hilarious that they keep bleating on about having a sneak preview of Labour’s future GE manifesto policy in regards to delivering #Brexit. Instead he keeps the spotlight squarely on the fact that, in government, they couldn’t deliver a postcard to their next door neighbour.
And about #Brexit...
He should keep his nose out of Brexit he can’t look after his own people sure his own people hate him he can’t afford to talk
#BREXIT: JAGUAR LAND ROVER SAYS URGES RULING OUT A NO DEAL IMMEDIATELY AS THE ONLY OPTION WITH UNANIMOUS SUPPORT IN PARLIAMENT // JAGUAR LAND ROVER SAYS DISAPPOINTED WITH THE VOTE ON THE BREXIT DEAL AND CONSIDERING ITS IMPLICATIONS
Brexit explained: You are fed up with the wet windy and gloomy English weather and U have an idea– your family is going to move to the warm and sunny Angrezi Raj. As this is family decision you put it to vote and 52% of your family supports your idea and you set a departure date
TORY rebel Dominic Grieve has tabled two bills to try to force the Government into debating and delivering a second Brexit referendum. this bloke needs to do one
I think perhaps they should section her, she is a danger to others.
the reason #brexit will happen is #labour leadership, namely He is the most effective #brexiter in England. Its a sad state of affairs
Infinity War should have been released before Brexit if only to enjoy the United Kingdom disintegrating into the Atlantic
Meet 'Economists for Free Trade', the 'independent experts' with ties to climate science denial pushing for a no-deal Brexit |
. : Brexit produced “the great dispersal” among investment banks — not to any one location but across Europe, back to US and off to Asia. Only asset management has remained stable in a London.
Taste my success? #iRL #BrexitVote #Brexit #fuckgillette #Gilletteadvert #GilletteAd #ThisMorning #gilletteboycott #wednesdaythoughts #2009vs2019 #NoConfidenceVote
"There were so many hi-vis yellow vests it wasn’t clear if they were peaceful protesters, massive racists or just stewards. In the middle of it all... a man pulling a string to clang a small “Liberty bell”. Apparently they’d thought the bell was bigger when they ordered it."
And how will that stop it? Until Corbyn actively fights Brexit Labour will never get my vote.
Emergency Planning Dept hosting a Brexit workshop today working through different table top scenarios. Testing organizational activities, individual roles &amp; responsibilities. Important to work with all agencies who have a role to play. #workingtogether
As the old saying goes.... the balls over the wall now [well almost] should have been honest sooner that Brexit was not doom and gloom for UK. More to lose over the water than here!
Taoiseach must clarify if he has agreed EU border at Irish ports in event of No Deal Brexit. Did Ross not know, does Coveney know where EU border will be?
To be fair on Theresa May, she was team #Remain just because she had to lead this Brexit, it doesn’t mean she underperformed or was insufficient. She just didn’t believe in it just like majority of the people #BrexitVote
Cameron wears Sketchers trainers.
Theresa May omits Jeremy Corbyn from cross-party Brexit talks
Lets hope she stuck with party policy and supported conference Calls for 2nd vote now just weakens us. We need unity for no confidence and Labour Brexit - A new Customs Union A close relationship with the Single Market Protection of workers’ rights and the environment.
This is funny. #TeresaMay #Brexit. #LeaveMeansLeave
Read our latest #Brexit blog by 'Politics has never shown itself to be more stubborn or sly, so why is business not more publicly concerned or the markets in meltdown? #nodeal #nodealbrexit #voteofnoconfidence
The problem is, there's no majority (in parliament, at least) for any real form of Brexit. The PM's obvious way out (she shouldn't even think of blackmailing the country with no deal) is to offer a referendum on her deal vs remain. Parliament would likely back that, from her.
Claim: Brexit will give young English players a better chance in the Premier League. Reality:
Brexit...I hear the government is in turmoil, people saying we should not have had a referendum, people saying they could have done better. Sounds to me like a birth, just wait a little longer and we will have the birth of a beautiful bouncing new country.
Historian: Queen Should Suspend Parliament to Stop Remain MPs from Blocking Brexit via
Yyhhh I saw but basically: Corbyn has put forward a motion of no confidence, (they vote tonight) realistically although some of the conservatives are against May’s brexit deal , they’re not gonna want a Labour government and will back May, if for some reason they don’t :
Brexit
I am not questioning his passion for many of the issues our society faces. I believe he has many excellent policies. I am refering to his leadership ability and his Brexit related speeches, something he fails to adequately challenge because he believes it should happen.
Given that the indications from Brussels are that Scotland would be welcomed into the EU fold, do think we should suffer Brexit or mitigate it by being independent?
British newspapers are stockpiling ink and newsprint in the event of a disruptive Brexit
'We don’t know exactly how much Moscow spent to influence Brexit and U.S. elections in 2016, but it seems hard to overstate how good the Kremlin’s return has been on what Western intelligence agencies believe was a relatively modest investment.'
“This is an unprecedented moment in British political history. The scale of the Conservative Government’s defeat means that the next step, as Parliament grapples with the Brexit crisis, will be a vote of no-confidence. There are no good options with Brexit. (1/4)
Brexit Hits Another Bump | LPL Financial Research
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK - CNNPolitics
However, we are clear in our view that the best course of action now would be an extension of Article 50 to allow for a People’s Vote with the option of staying in the European Union. A disordered, no-deal Brexit would be socially and economically catastrophic. (2/4)
Banks and insurers losing patience as UK faces #Brexit logjam
I have been following the Brexit vote for the last two years and I am shocked and amazed that the words Russia and interference NEVER come up. This scenario is playing out exactly as Putin dreamed it would. Just like here in the U.S.
A story not directly related to #Brexit.
Petition: Brexit re article 50 it must not be suspended/stopped under any circumstances
I fucking love Jeremy Corbyn
Few matters have reached so far into the UK polity as Brexit. EU Citizenship is personal &amp; intimate. But rich history of Ireland &amp; trade splitting Parliament. EU sequencing of negotiations generates leverage, but Treaty constitutionally/politically difficult for UK bc of NI.
New Tory leader won't get us a better deal. General election won't get us a better deal. EU doesn't want to give us a better deal. Only chance of better deal is to #Brexit NoDeal, then talk. EU is not viable without active or passive participation of UK. Mr Barnier knows it well.
Hilarious. :))
Looking forward to this book. The chart here illustrates again the divide among Labour between remain and leave voters is larger than among Conservative voters, the left is more polarised by the liberal-authoritarian dimension than the right.
A no-deal Brexit will cause job losses and severe long-term damage to UK industry - it must be avoided - Plant &amp; Works Engineering #Plant #Works #Engineering
FIRSTLY I’m a #Toxicmasculinity #Brexit patriotic male (reference to Amnesty anti-male rhetoric). SECONDLY But there’s two strong women I greatly admire (other than my wife and my mother) and thats and
'Don't call the people from the Valleys turkeys'
Billboard campaign reminds voters of MPs' Brexit promises
I do believe she has to get Corbyn's NCV out of teh way before she informs you that Brexit means we leave. Now jog on
Erm, do explain how the endless backstop would have delivered brexit.
I've been saying this all day. The Tories don't give a single shiny shite about anyone but themselves #GeneralElectionNow
When it falls to pieces they will blame it on Brexit
Billboard campaign reminds voters of MPs' Brexit promises
It may be all about Brexit at the moment but contingent charging was all the rage last week. Here is thoughts on it
"Companies Cry Out for Brexit Clarity, Warn on No-Deal" by REUTERS via NYT
There's no majority in the house for that either. There is no majority for anything related to Brexit at all.
My thoughts on NHS bosses wanting to change the A&amp;E target: Proper debate is A Good Idea. But opaque process will only make already tricky gig even tougher. Also, just cos something aint perfect, it dont mean changing it will make it better. See #Brexit £
Part 1 An idea of thinking out of the box to sort out Brexit debate (or Chaos). Have an election based on "one policy party politics”. Have a general election with two parties, Leave or Remain. The parties need to be wholly for or against Brexit.
So this is just an assumption based on a quick scroll through the TL but Sasuke is trying to trigger a General Election and/or stop Brexit?
People's Vote: 88% of members want it. Support for any Brexit would damage Labour for 20 years &amp; hand the baton to , dividing the social democratic vote. your last chance. #EndtheMess #BacktotheFuture #Frauderendum16
100% cock.
Search on for Brexit consensus after May&amp;#039;s crushing defeat, #news #rt ,
the first referendum was in 1975 which was won by remain the referendum of 2016 was illegal due t the criminality of the leave campaign brexit supporters such as Nigel farage wanted another referendum.
Prime Minister Theresa May's Brexit deal was royally rejected in record-breaking fashion: 432 votes to 202. CNN's Bianca Nobilo explains what's next for May and Brexit.
Ok, So Where The Hell Does Brexit Go From Here?
Ha ha let's watch the vile tory party implode #Brexit
Maybe can help me with this. I'm not a military man - never have been. But I had imagined officers were trained to assess risks, to weigh up risks, to have exit strategies. Johnny's approach seems to be, let's just bash on...
WELL DONE FM WE 60%+Scotland ready for OUR MANDATE #Indyref2 21/3/19 best date UK #PMQs utter CONTEMPT I will be #Edinburgh SUPPORT DEMO tomorrow 11-15pm are SCOTS SOVEREIGN POWER Defend Scotland 62% NO #Brexit #72DaysToBrexit #DissolveTheUnion
“There is a poisoned chalice in being an elected leader in the EU these days.” on #brexit post-vote
Ok, So Where The Hell Does Brexit Go From Here? #SM
For the sake of the country more Tories need to break ranks and vote for the VoNC. Given her atrocious response in #PMQs with no intention to move on her red lines, or consult, even Tories must know she’s not fit to lead. Parliament must take control....
Look for Brexit clarity by early February
The signs don't look good at the moment, , what with refusing to invite to her "cross-Party" #Brexit talks, &amp; dismissing what had to say in the !
UK Prime Minister Theresa May Battles On Alone After Brexit Deal Rejected
Make no mistake, the ERG are celebrating because their dream no deal Brexit is getting ever closer. ERG is an IPSA-funded service and is one of two publicly funded pooled services maintained for Conservative MPs. In other words we pay for it - £250K+ just on MP expenses. #GTTO
After Philip Kotler award next one he is going get for his "Environment Consciousness." #Brexit #wednesdaythoughts
It's a good point,
&amp; his grammatolatry- a #UK #BREXIT supporter, with only policy, against 'immigrants', how does he really feel about , ?
Vladimir Putin is the common factor between The chaos in the United Kingdom with #Brexit and United States with #Trump!!
The EU is the fourth reich led by Germany
fuck Brexit
Historian: Queen Should Suspend Parliament to Stop Remain MPs from Blocking Brexit via
"So you've got an Irish passport because of Brexit?"
brexit means brexit
I love this man
Lols.
Unfortunately that so-called Labour Lexit plan is also a huge Brexit waste of time because it means sticking to rules but without any say.
Jeremy Corbyn to face renewed pressure from Labour MPs to back second Brexit referendum #lbc #fbpe #libdems #conservatives #labour #plaidcymru #snp #ukip #abtv #waton #stupidbrexiteers #itvnews #bbcnews #c4news #5news #skynews #POLITICSLIVE #BrexitVote
No #Brexit deal is a good deal
VIDEO: Brexit vote explained in one minute #Brexit #UK #EU #Scotland #NI #Wales #England #Ireland #voters #politics #elections #economy #trade #finance #markets #investors #video
James O'Brien's Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote - In Full:
I've said it before and I'll say it again. If David Lammy was heading up the Labour party, I'd vote for them in a heartbeat. Wonder if anyone else is the same.
Funny thing, she's the PM for the whole of the UK yet she clearly only cares about England. Scotland don't want Brexit and NI wants a better border.
Love the mini traffic lights for cyclists too! Very cute. You could almost be in a pie-scented version of Amsterdam...
&amp; I think they're right.
And right now
After the Government’s defeat yesterday, there’s much to discuss. We will be putting your questions to our experts on our new podcast – The business of #Brexit. Submit your questions here:
Tweedledum and Tweedledee. No real difference between Jeremy Corbyn and Theresa May on Brexit
...and trying to squeeze Remain out of picture, abetted by a pro-Brexit opposition leader who ignores his pro-Remain party. Risking the fall of her government is all part of game of trying to shock Tory Remainers and hard-leavers towards the deal, which is why she hasn't resigned
Correction. Todays news is of course saturated by the #Brexit .... Matt's interview regarding science that could actually improve lives will screen tomorrow a.m. on (paper available tomorrow 00:01 )
Translation: Magic Grandpa hasn’t got a scooby.
I think you mean the Synod of Whitby.
Trouble is, authentic Tory Brexiteers are in a minority in the party. And the party system - strongly REMAIN - will (continue to) work against them taking control in case they set about delivering the full and proper Brexit 17.410.742 British people voted for.
British MPs are being trolled with posters featuring their own words
So #Remain seems best.
An MP just called for crashing into a no deal Brexit and negotiating with the EU after that. Jfc...
Because it means remaining in the EU captain Maths. We voted to leave. Just saying.
Look for business flyer design ?Please contact
I agree
I honestly have no confidence in the ability of any of the power hungry, selfish, close minded, twats that make up both our major political parties to come up with a good idea for Brexit. They want to look after their own interests. Don't kid yourself. They don't care about you
Does Brexit still mean Brexit? Asking for a friend.
Thank god isn't Prime Minister it has taken him almost 3 years to decide what policy on #brexit is and he still won't make a decision for a few weeks.
Theresa May faces no-confidence vote after Brexit plan defeat — live
I ate everything except the marmite and a special Brexit pie my butcher is doing....
Gina Miller’s book RISE should inspire the Remainers in the British 2016 referendum. And the rest of us as well. The remarkable writing and campaigning of this Windrush heir foreshadowed a new role for Black Britons in the public realm.
Billboard campaign reminds voters of MPs' Brexit promises #ledbydonkeys
Our clients are at the forefront of everything we do, so in light of the continued uncertainty over #Brexit, we've provided our perspective on the likely impact if a deal is not reached. Please contact us if you'd like to know our thoughts on the potential impact on #repatriation
Imagine a man approached by fake surgeons, promising him that when they cut his arm, 3 new arms will grow in its place. The man agrees &amp; signs the consent form. It turns out the men were tricksters &amp; their promise fake. Is the man still obliged to have his hand amputated? #Brexit
Brexit, started by Cameron in a vain attempt to paper over cracks in the Tory party over Europe, has now become a diversion from the real problems caused by this Tory government. May and her backbencher's denial of these problems confirms this.
Guess what...with Brexit, all of the EU immigrants that have come into Britain will be illegal citizens that can be deported.
What the chance of a political coup by all the anti-Brexit MP's forming a Pro-EU coalition which bypasses both the Labour and Tory parties leadership. In this way the establishment can bypass the legitimate Brexit referendum. Now worried democracy in UK is dead if this occurs.
Today your MLA today stole unearned salary. There's something nauseating in Sinn Fein's self righteous condemnations on Brexit. Those not in the game shouldn't pass...
We both are in turmoil because a MINORITY regime/platform was put in power by the arch enemy of democracy. He is aided by parties in both countries that probably would not have prevailed without his cyber attacks and social engineering. Cut RU from the web and Swift, redo Brexit
Have you considered that the reason China and Russia are getting along so well is they have a common enemy 'the West' and right now Trump/Brexit etc. is showing the world that democracy can be interpreted with easily.
Totalitarian Leftists in Britain don’t give a sh*t that Brits voted for BREXIT They’re going to do everything they possibly can to block BREXIT, + impose their goals/agenda on Britain ....It’s what Totalitarian Leftists do
5 things to know for January 16: Brexit, William Barr, Kenya, El Chapo, shutdown - CNN
PMQs: Theresa May and Ken Clarke on Brexit red lines
#brexit has now one ROUTE. Time for all MPs and all parties to show the British public the way. BE POSITIVE, be proactive, get on with the job. The longer they fight themselves, the more damage THEY \ MPs do to this COUNTRY. MAN UP.
‘Workers across the island must not pay the price of this ham-fisted Brexit’ – Congress General Secretary, Patricia King
Tribalist throwbacks? You are a f**king moron at times George!
Isn’t the vote is a distraction? We won’t win. Doubt we would win a GE. History will not forgive this opposition if it doesn’t prevent a no deal Brexit on 29th.
Brexit through Snapchat filters is awesome
Meaning that if you've nothing in place by the end of March, hard-Brexit will be effected, and you can feel free to complain to Parliament and Mrs. May about their failure to obtain a better deal than that.
french army met him in a park
Embarrassment levels at being British being turned up to 11. Less La Haine, more La Honte.
Greek communities in UK that want to organise information sessions about Brexit for Greek citizens living in the country are advised to make use of the resources available at
The establishment noose is tightening The coup is well underway and nearing its end. They and their dark forces will ensure there is no #Brexit
FURIOUS May brands John Bercow’s behaviour ‘APPALLING’ and a ‘constitutional outrage’ #News #googlenewsuk
In 1968, just over a decade after the European Economic Community was founded, the European customs union was completed, with a common external tariff and the intent of establishing free trade within the area. 50 years on it remains a work in progress
Yay! Just noticed we cleared the 200k mark! Oh wait that's jobs LOST.
Parliament is deadlocked. Brexit is in chaos. The people must now be given the chance to fix this mess. That's what's . Sign the petition at #LetUsDecide
I think we should have a debate about something meaningful, then a vote of no confidence in the meaningfulness of the debate before we debate whether the vote itself was meaningful. Hopefully at some point we'll just disappear up our own arses. #Brexit
Skandal 2011 Hot and Sexy Movies Click Link : #2009vs2019challenge #Spiderman #spidermanTH #Venom #Movies #Gillete #TuesdayThoughts #NationalHatDay #Girl #GilletteAd #TheFlash #Brexit #SDLive #BBB19 #Videos #bbb2019 #WayVisCOMING
UK Prime Minister Theresa May Battles On Alone After Brexit Deal Rejected
"We've called for no-deal to be taken off the table which requires leadership from all parties." #Brexit speaking to on
Assets worth $1 trillion to shift from UK to EU due to Brexit: EY January 7, 2019 in #businessNews
BREXIT It can happen, and will happen if the EU concedes they have given too much leverage to Ireland its Backstop. They talk about not "stabbing Ireland in the back", but Irish Nationalism is driving it, still not wanting to recognise NI and its border!
A timely reminder of one of the many things at stake:
Absolutely! Brexit is a win for Putin just like America voted for Putin through trump
Yep just like last time it didn't work then and it wont work again!20 point lead in the opinion polls(lol) and the media giving it large and Labour broke mays majority a majority that would have given her that Brexit deal she loves so much
Amid Parliament’s Brexit Rebellion, a Tectonic Shift in How Britain Is Governed
Britain in crisis as Parliament delivers historic defeat to Theresa May’s Brexit deal with EU - The Globe and Mail
Firstly I would like to apologise for the inept voters that thought Brexit would be a "Good idea". I'm interested in becoming a Swedish citizen, but on the website it says this can take up to 27 months. Will Uk applications be fast tracked?
It’s clear we’re not getting a change of government. We’re not getting a fair and honest referendum on leaving EU either. This is it folks. #brexit is happening. Button up it’s going to be bumpy.
If only the UK had leaders who could level with the public in this way... none of the options are good. With honourable exceptions, politicians from all sides have done anything but speak candidly about the hard and self-harming choices inherent in Brexit.
The latest MEP's Opinion! Thanks to #brexit #brexitvote
#CAGEurope CANADA STOCKS-TSX opens higher as banks lead gains #ReutersCES #EU #BusinessNews #Finance #Brexit
Skandal 2011 Hot and Sexy Movies Click Link : #2009vs2019challenge #Spiderman #spidermanTH #Venom #Movies #Gillete #TuesdayThoughts #NationalHatDay #Girl #GilletteAd #TheFlash #Brexit #SDLive #BBB19 #Videos #bbb2019 #WayVisCOMING
richard-maddens: “Theresa May’s Brexit deal got defeated by 432 votes to 202, a majority of 230. This is...
When will the Conservative Party realise that its future depends on completing Brexit; not signing a "Withdrawal Agreement" that COULD have lead to Brexit, but actually getting us OUT of the EU? #CleanBreak
#BREXIT Remainer LIES: Disclaimer All fact are from just one website
I am not a Brexit supporter but respect there is a huge swath of the country that want out. We who wanted to remain lost and I am respecting that. The conservatives are heading us to a no deal which I would like to avoid. I can't see any other way. 2nd Referendum = groundhog day.
Brexit: Hove MP Peter Kyle and Theresa May on new EU referendum.
Jacob, there seems to be a straightforward solution to the Brexit Deal impasse already embedded in the Brexit documents which could be used to remove the backstop problem. It just needs elevating. See proposal at
Biba launched its 2019 Manifesto in the House of Commons yesterday alongside the “meaningful vote” #Brexit #MeaningfulVote
Take a look for a quick Brexit explanation of what’s going on
Wasn't Brexit going to let UK keep out all the immigrants? Same thing here - everyone has forgotten Trump's spectacularly failed Muslim Ban because they're focused on his wall. Brexit &amp; Trump's Wall are both based entirely in fear and hate. We can't lose sight of that.
Five players who could be forced back to Premier League with no deal Brexit
Everyone has their reasons, sure. My real gripe is with long-standing UK domestic policy (not EU) that has failed to address homelessness, unemployment, poor education, overcrowded prisons, underinvestment in community etc - social issues that contributed to Brexit.
Genuinely the only good thing about Brexit is that it's making the already brilliant truly great
That line of Willy Wonka's fit well with the UK Parliaments attitude to Brexit also!
cant believe i left england because of brexit and now they might not even leave this is just classic unlucky natasha
#BackTo60 #OneVoice OTHER POLICIES ARE BEING SNUCK THROUGH...WHILE BREXIT DOMINATES report into extreme poverty in the UK, has been denied and ignored by this Gov and most media. 1950s Born Women's upcoming JUDICIAL REVIEW...IGNORED
Ken Clarke waffled a lot, in summary he said, "let's Remain".
what. is. happening. #Brexit
We can rebuild like we did after the war, he says. Didn't we do that by asking immigrants to come over and help us?
In light of the recent minor political issues, I was wondering if you could vote, who would you rather see lead our country....? #SaintsFC #Brexit #BrexitVote #ssnhq #vote #BrexitShambles
I stood three shivering in my pyjamas and watched the whole world go up in flames. I said to myself, is that all there is to a Brexit?
A welcome relief...
Who won both wars again? Britian or Germany? #brexit
( 'not preparing' for land checks along border, #Taoiseach says : Taoiseach Leo Varadkar has insisted there are no plans for checks along the land border in Ireland in the case of a no-deal Brexit, despite Transport ..
No country should dictate policy to another country. BREXIT in March is automatic freedom. While California voters paying more tax, people all over Europe protesting against government control and climate funded high taxes.
UK #Brexit Vote Reflects a Deep Crisis in Capitalism
To know the latest news about #brexit #BrexitVote Chek the link below:
Forget Brexit, letterboxes are way too close to the floor!
People's Vote: 88% of members want it. Support for any Brexit would damage Labour for 20 years &amp; hand the baton to , dividing the social democratic vote. your last chance. #EndtheMess #BacktotheFuture #Frauderendum16
Next, Douglas Leech from the CBA gives his recommendations on navigating Brexit. REACH, CLP, biocides and prior informed consent all on the radar.
Brexit is Putin at work destroying Britain and the EU. Don't anybody make the mistake of thinking President Trutin is his only project.
President Trump can build The Wall if he chooses, needs to stop negotiating with Democrats. As for Brexit, Nigel Farage acted as if it was a done deal because of the vote, when in fact the real fight had only just begun after the vote, but he walked away.
Every man who is not helping to bring about a better state of affairs for the future is helping to perpetuate the present misery, and is therefore the enemy of his own children. There is no such thing as being neutral: we must either help or hinder.
British Prime Minister Theresa May suffers devastating historic defeat on key Brexit vote, antisemite Corbyn calls for no confidence vote: She crossed the people and she will be punished. This gives Mrs May less than 24 hours to fight for her job.
Brexit: Mike Russell calls for Theresa May to rule out no deal ‘forever’
Because he’s a cunt
I suggested before #BREXIT vote, for to say he'd resign if #UK votes out of #EU. That would have made the seriousness of "leave".
This rubbish again. In the near 3 years since the referendum probably a similar amount to those who have died have turned 50. Using your logic these people will now be the brexit crowd as they are now of an age to do so. Please find other straws to clutch at.
The EU deal was a pisstake tbf &amp; Theresa May shit Brexit deal that she accepted was rightly defeated here. As a remainer some EU politicians have been just as nasty as May has towards the UK like Juncker the sex pest. But I agree the parties need to put our country first for once
It's a nonsense and it's over now.
And she goes on about 'our precious union' so much effort to placate DUP though Ulster as a whole voted remain. BUT she is setting up to aid Scottish breakaway. Where is precious union in that ?
Has #Bexit become just another far right coup?
If anyone US is interested in what’s going on with Britain’s #Brexit, this article lays it out as clearly as I’ve seen done:
Nope
The message from last week's #Brexit conference with is the need for clarity &amp; cross-party cooperation. This is even more important following the UK Govt's disastrous defeat Commons yesterday. I look forward to meeting to discuss matters further.
This is magnificent.
Theresa May omits Jeremy Corbyn from cross-party Brexit talks No Labour MP should talk to the Tories about Brexit after this...any that do should be kicked out of the Labour Party...
"In these challenging times, we share with you the determination to create as much certainty and clarity as possible." See the joint letter by &amp; providing clarifications to #Brexit Withdrawal Agreement &amp; Political Declaration.
South Dorset Conservative MP Richard Drax tells #HeartNews Britain can still negotiate with the EU after the PM's #Brexit deal was defeated
10 DUP leaves 220 .
My question to Labour centrists is, if Corbyn-Labour win a general election, would you support us implementing decent proper customs union based Brexit, which attempts to listen to the public's dissatisfaction on EU 4 pillar dogma on immigration, whilst protecting jobs, etc?
I'm with you up til the ignoring the ref bit. I wish... But think we just have to resign ourselves to Brexit.
I speak fluent English, have a PhD in English from a British university, have been married to a Brit for 28 years &amp; lived in the UK for 32 years. Yet to be able to go on with my life I'll have to APPLY &amp; PAY for the privilege. That's what Brexit means. That's why the EU helped.
Sort out your Mess which is Brexit. Poor Economist
I have a headline for you. "Stroud man sees lots of fruit bats in Russell Street on night of #brexit vote". Admittedly this is the Russell Street in South Brisbane. Sorry, but it was too dark for a picture.
Please, this is way bigger than party politics.
My face when it's not even 8 AM, I have a cold, and my mom asks me to explain Brexit to her in digestible bites
or- is this the picture of #brexit ? this is the london underground.
Macron is marvelous is international politics. But at home ??????????
Macron talking a lot of sense, for once!
Have these two been given their own show yet? Delighted to contribute in any way required when the moment comes.
Brexit: EU opens door to further trade negotiations if Theresa May ditches red lines. Of course they do, to ensure the UK remains in the EU in all but name, a vassal state, subject to free movement and in the customs union, so no bilateral trade deals..
Skandal 2011 Hot and Sexy Movies Click Link To Watch Movies: #2009vs2019challenge #Spiderman #spidermanTH #Venom #Movies #Gillete #TuesdayThoughts #NationalHatDay #Girl #GilletteAd #TheFlash #Brexit #SDLive #BBB19 #Videos #bbb2019 #WayVisCOMING
#Islam #Brexit #UKIP: 'Terror Has no Religion'? Could have fooled me!
God, this makes grim reading! "EU states escalate no-deal preparations after May defeat"
why are MPs using debate time on no-confidence to blather on about their brexit differences?
#peoplesvote #finalsay #BrexitVote #NoConfidence #NoConfidenceVote #labour What will you do now, ?
Does Labour leadership actually realise that opposition means more than just 'saying the opposite' in a shouty voice? For how to be forensic, pro-active, collaborative and imaginative they should watch and learn from , the clearest opposition voice in the House.
LAVROV LYING AGAIN!! Russia is directly responsible for Brexit...just like it is responsible for the WH house buffoon coup!
Brexit Battle Royale
I try and stay off #Brexit conversations on Twitter, but with such uncertainty and the #posttruth debate raging, we need to distinguish fact from fiction. We had a hard border. 'DUP doubles down on Foster’s claim that NI ‘never’ had hard border'
The British high street crisis is due to debt, not #Brexit
Fantastic speech gerard
In case you news feed wasn't filled enough with stories about BREXIT... Here's another one! "Brexit will have implications for the #Frodsham area – and that means local business and residents should be aware of an important meeting next month."
"We're now in uncharted territory," says CIGI's . Watch her discuss yesterday's #Brexit vote and what we can expect from today's confidence vote with on :
Doubling down now. Absolute state of this
Skandal 2011 Hot and Sexy Movies Click Link To Watch Movies: #2009vs2019challenge #Spiderman #spidermanTH #Venom #Movies #Gillete #TuesdayThoughts #NationalHatDay #Girl #GilletteAd #TheFlash #Brexit #SDLive #BBB19 #Videos #bbb2019 #WayVisCOMING
Tories out before we reconsider Brexit! They're killing us with 'austerity'.
#Islam #Brexit #AFD #London Quran: 'No Contradictions'? Not Quite
To Irish eyes, Brexit is a hurtful act which has divided the Irish nation. Provided for balance only. I disagree with it personally.
HT Edit identifies a trilemma in Brexit negotiations: “Only two of the following three can be achieved: no hard border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland; an unqualified Brexit; and the sanctity of EU’s single market.”
That's not to say he's their best chance of election, of course: I would much rather he change tack on Brexit, but just pointing out he's not the albatross around Labour's neck that some people make out.
There's nothing classy about the way Brexit has been handled. You DO have to include those who didn't vote if people are going to make sweeping statements like 'Britain voted leave' I'm not being patronising, I'm stating a fact. We STILL don't know what 'leave' looks like.
Ice cream? Melting Confidemce? Fading Brexit? No where to be found Hotel? tRiVaGo
'We need to become better at including people in our groups who come from different cultures or who have different attitudes, people who have different class backgrounds to the majority in our groups.'
He definitely is subconsciously. Whether he wants to admit it or not. Than again he may just really dislike Paul Pogba who is really just proving him and all the haters wrong at the moment.
#nyt econony, citizenship, immigrants, culture, borders may be dealt with, most of the time, as separate issues!! But bundling them all together for a “permanent fix” spells a recipe for disaster...
Article 50 must not be extended, Brexit should not be delayed. Theresa May has repeatedly promised that the UK will leave on time, 29th March 2019.
Why does #VoteLeave have to win a #brexit referendum twice, but #VoteRemain only needs to win once? Do we call this democracy?
Why is there any surprise about this? These MPs underestimate Leave voters believing they are on the whole dim. They’re assuming their Leave constituents will grunt &amp; drag their knuckles over it in the immediate aftermath before voting Labour for all the free stuff on offer.
fuck Brexit. London street art.
Brexit!
Free Movement of People is the only key to unlocking the #UK #Brexit conundrum. Or staying of course.
Skandal 2011 Hot and Sexy Movies Click Link To Watch Movies: #2009vs2019challenge #Spiderman #spidermanTH #Venom #Movies #Gillete #TuesdayThoughts #NationalHatDay #Girl #GilletteAd #TheFlash #Brexit #SDLive #BBB19 #Videos #bbb2019 #WayVisCOMING
Theresa May’s Brexit plan suffered a huge defeat. What comes next? - BBC News US
The ONLY way to get a true #Brexit is to run the clock down. #Parliament simply cannot be trusted to provide a Brexit that would be acceptable to leavers
The best radio interview I have heard for a long time - can we get Arlene Foster onto his show?
Because she’s failed at much, much more than Brexit?
We are not interested in a new government. We are interested in bloody Brexit and MP’s pulling out their fingers and getting done. Most of the population, remain or leave think parliament is full of muppets.
The Eu is nothing more than the 4th reich, and if the Germans keep getting lemon then we will for the third time this century have to correct there behaviour. Brexit means Brexit.
Putin executed a plan to weaken the EU, thus Brexit. Ditto with tRUmp &amp; the compromised Failed in France, Poland,...
While you are at it go tune in to Night Owls Metro FM &amp; you will hear various listeners writing in or speaking live on how worried they are about their jobs &amp; what a mess #Brexit is. The real voice of the North East.
This makes me happy
He’s definitely holding for his own though. And yes, I’d brexit goes through, Scotland absolutely should have another independence referendence. And I hope lll he welcomed with open arms when I move up there!
The latest Hate Crime! Thanks to #brexit #noh8
So far Europa has failed to protect: Citizens deeply affected by #brexit and citizens of #Catalunya. Warning shots given to Hungary and Poland but neither #britain or #spain.
Skandal 2011 Hot and Sexy Movies Click Link To Watch Movies: #2009vs2019challenge #Spiderman #spidermanTH #Venom #Movies #Gillete #TuesdayThoughts #NationalHatDay #Girl #GilletteAd #TheFlash #Brexit #SDLive #BBB19 #Videos #bbb2019 #WayVisCOMING
A party that would give me the Brexit I voted for. Probably non of the above.
If you want to escape Brexit talk today why not remind yourself of the mess the US is in right now. Dr Ben Gannon discusses Trump and his wall with London radio station LBC. #TRUMP #MuellerInvestigation #BrexitShambles
SWAGTRON T5 Entry Level Hoverboard for Kids and Young Adults #TrumpShutdown #brexit #hoverboard #scooters #AI #ecommerce #technology #tech
Trying not to scare-monger, but his thread on Reddit on how Brexit is affecting people and businesses is pretty terrifying. Worryingly, most of the comments are from highly skilled PhD holders and business owners who are looking to leave.
This literally sums up brexit and what it has done to this country right down to the brexiteer bringing up the war at the end to suggest we’d be fine with no deal
#Bristol voted 61.7% to 39.3% to remain in the #EU during the 2016 #Referendum on a turnout of 73% #brexit
Fuck trump
This thread #brexit
One of the awful side-effects of Brexit is that more important news gets over-shadowed. keep up the pressure.
says on call that recent events in France (yellow jackets) and Italy (budget crisis) has only hardened the #Brexit hardliners against the EU
Reminder the 'Australian views' represented in Westminster about Brexit are highly selective and distorted. Only 19% of Australians thought the UK should leave the EU &amp; it is largely regarded as an unfathomable act of economic marginalisation &amp; political dysfunction.
She’s on a small majority - and didn’t take it too well when told her to put her seat to the vote (in response to her asking to put Brexit to the vote) ! #JC4PM2019
You in the Cabinet, as well as her husband, have a duty to protect the PM from herself. She has clearly lost the plot, everything crumbles to dust in her hands, and she is a danger to herself, Party and Country. Do her a favour, get her out.
The #UK as well as the #EU should listen to the interests of as many subgroups in its population as possible, and make balanced politics in stead of destructive radical #brexit or #remain decisions that divide people. Don't get stuck on labels but focus on underlying dynamics
Yeah i see what you did and that's why they'll be no re-vote. People who voted brexit and still want it would demand another vote and it'll go on and on haha
#libertarian MEP, Bill Etheridge, thrown out of #EU debate #brexit #libertarianism #pmqs #customsunion #libertarianparty
share and keep sharing this as widely as possible. Lets flood and with complaints or at the very least embarrass them publicly as much as possible #censorship #freespeech #bigbrother #facebook #brexit #policestate
“The oldest parliament in the world after Iceland’s is in one hell of a state. Brexit has split a once stable country in two and transformed its politicians into lemmings, throwing themselves off the white cliffs into the sea. It’s great theatre – but tragic.”
German business warns of Brexit 'chaos' #PTIGovernment #CorruptionFreePakistan #Pakistan
Our association proudly coorganised this event aimed at raising awareness about #brexit #now
In the largest defeat ever for a sitting government, British Prime Minister Theresa May’s Brexit deal was voted down 432 to 202 in the House of Commons.
What has actually changed? The MPs stomach for the fight? Not our problem. The economic forecast of Brexit? It’s a forecast, a prediction. Not a fact.
Lost oversight in the middle of the #BrexitChaos? This is a really good summary of Brexit events and timeline. Also shows how ambitious the whole Brexit project really is and how little we achieved so far other than slowing down the economy:
Still running away from his problems then #Twat
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
Skandal 2011 Hot and Sexy Movies Click Link To Watch Movies: #2009vs2019challenge #Spiderman #spidermanTH #Venom #Movies #Gillete #TuesdayThoughts #NationalHatDay #Girl #GilletteAd #TheFlash #Brexit #SDLive #BBB19 #Videos #bbb2019 #WayVisCOMING
Brexit utopia is a receding dream – instead Britain faces a food shortage | Guy Singh-Watson
Yesterday's #BrexitVote in the leaves uncertainty in the road ahead. Here is our statement on the #Brexit situation: If you want to know more about the #medtech industry position on #Brexit, follow this link:
What are you doing/able to do to protect your resources? Talk to us to see how we can help you decide the best course of action
Be fair - they’re the only English words he knows. And he’s working harder than most that voted for Brexit (I said most)
If you don't deliver a hard Brexit, chances are there will be a civil war, treacle. Or, do you think 17.4m people will just say 'Oh, well, better luck next time.' and get on with their lives?
Once brexit bollocks have finished they will be back ....
So from what I can gather, Sir Christopher Chope thinks (a) That we should celebrate the potential of No Deal do as to ‘trick’ the EU (b) The UK...’vanquished’ the EU in some form of combat the rest of us are hitherto unaware of...? #Brexitdebate #Brexit
One good thing about Brexit chaos - it gives Marina Hyde a great target (incl Boris Johnson looking like 'an Oxfam donation bag torn open by a fox')
Civil servants could be temporarily moved from education department to work on no-deal Brexit, MPs told, reports -
Companies cry out for Brexit clarity, warn on no-deal #business #globalbiz
#Fashion Industry - No deal Brexit could spell disaster for British fashion industry
What a headline: isn't Putin going to get tired of so much winning?
#Putin has used efficient &amp; far less expensive methods of warfare, like cyber attacks, as in our 2016 elections &amp; UK Brexit referendum. That chaos &amp; disruption will continue &amp; it's working. See this link:
Better get our acts in gear quick. #PeoplesVote #StopBrexit
hey , the bcc has found that twat #WhereIsThatTwat
From leave #EU vote #BREXIT &amp; win, what I take is, that people will realise the relevance of voting and resulting change.
Of all the people who could talk about low alcohol alternatives, I don't think the CE of this particular alcohol industry funded group would be my first choice for public service broadcasting
Mike Russell: Scotland is preparing for a no-deal Brexit via
Brexit, Big Trouble In China, Plus A Note On Gold
Regarding #Brexit and #PeoplesVote: it needs to be better organised (let's get advice from Ireland and Switzerland), compulsory to vote, and a day off work. But I think that about all elections...
"Companies Cry Out for Brexit Clarity, Warn on No-Deal" by REUTERS via NYT
After all this news I might stay in my China bubble for a bit longer. Getting iPhones fixed for £20, living in a hotel room bigger than my apartment and no one knowing a thing about Brexit #perfection
...and its star performers: "Theresa May, who rose to the occasion like a replicant Anglepoise lamp. Basic shambles model." "Boris Johnson - not so much a statesman as an Oxfam donation bag torn open by a fox." #Brexit #72Days
Please, snow do not come here ..
Premier speak to Christian MPs about how they each voted last night: What now for Brexit? Christian MPs have their say
He also needs to pay the lump sum of money back to the Government that paid him for his work on preparing her Brexit “agreement”
The longer Christopher Chope talks the more one realises how far beyond help the man is. Completely out of touch with reality of Brexit.
Ive never seen my nation so divided, the referendum was a monumental f*ck up, to have "leave" as a single option is ridiculous, there are leavers against No Deal, some want "Norway deal", why the hell was this not on the voting slip, leavers are now fighting leavers, mad #Brexit
Not because of Brexit - they say: 'The changes to our UK footprint are designed to make us more efficient by relocating parts of our production closer to where our products are used. Brexit is clearly not the decisive factor behind our decision-making for the UK market,
Good by all the Labour mps who try stop brexit #wehadpeoplesvote am sure you find other employment maybe within the EU
Kind of pathetic that this merchant of death, disease, this destroyer of families and lives is the best Brexit spokesman anyone can find
BBC News - Brexit vote: European 'surprise' at scale of defeat
THREAD
It's never to late unless you don't want brexit which,obviously, you and the Lab party don't. Please don't prattle on about another rfndm!!! People are fed up with the EU and plmntns. Start thinking about the people who put you in plmnt!!!
Know everyone's fed up with Brexit, but be honest how many people think MPs of all parties should stick to their manifesto promises!
Well nowt like the present to get started! Three yrs til the next GE they must try to build up a head of steam by then. While ppl are still angry about the fiasco around Brexit, ppl have long memories yes, but sometimes get complacent if things seem to be going along nicely!
BREXIT DRAMA AGAIN!
But they're British... tally ho and all that , stiff upper lip chum #BrexitChaos
please keep fighting for a real Brexit Camilla. There aren't many voices now for 17.4m but yours is truly appreciated.
This is too important for the country to just say ‘weeeeel, that’s what people wanted, so let’s go with it.’ We now know that a no-deal Brexit will be crap, and take decades to recover from. We know the deal on the table is crap. Is it so daft to think we’re better where we are??
I STILL BELIEVE A NO-DEAL BREXIT IS AN UNLIKELY OUTCOME... THE EU WILL SOON BE *FORCED* TO COME BACK TO THE TABLE... MY SPIES INFORM ME THE CORELLIAN SHIP MANUFACTURERS WILL SOON COME RIDING TO OUR RESCUE...
Brexit Summit happening at moment in London! UK and EU preparedness, updates and strategies being discussed with , CMDh, , , among other stakeholders.
What's next for Theresa May's Brexit plans after her historic defeat in Parliament?
#Brexit Interferenze #Russia Arron Banks, Brexit and the Russia connection
#Brexit will going down as the biggest lump of shit produced by Britain. #stopbrexit AND #peoplesvote needed URGENTLY. Opinion: Brexit likely to be Britain's greatest disaster
My parents, who lived through WW2, voted #Remain because of that*. Didn't want it repeated. #brexitdebate *you may have seen me tweet this before. Going to keep saying it. For another 41 years at least if I have to.
Brexit – what’s next for dentistry? -
Brexit. Is it me? But when two sides negotiating a sale reach an impasse, it isn’t up to just one side to cave in. Take in other members of my team that have different skill sets. Never be pig headed or embarrassed to admit you need help!
protect the peace??? who is threatening breaking the peace Leo just once tell us all who it is , cant be rep dissidents they have been involved in violence long before #Brexit was even a thought are we all to be held back from moving forward by the men of the past
Labour still 6 points behind Tories in the polls. Would take a huge swing for them to win a majority, even if they did stand on an anti/soft Brexit platform. Like you say, very few people can stomach the thought of Corbyn being PM, regardless of what's in the party's manifesto.
So easy to lose sight of the injustices faced by ordinary people in our country every day in the name of Tory austerity when Brexit dominates headlines. Don’t ignore what’s going on at home whilst you’re busy scapegoating everyone abroad!
Makes sense though, if he can't shift her tonight then he won't be able to. And quite correctly, they fear that the Labour leadership think they can profit from a disastrous Brexit.
May won't ask Corbyn for help resolving Brexit crisis despite vow to contact 'senior parliamentarians'
The media seem to be keeping it quiet, in fact they seem to be keeping lots of things quiet except Brexit. It feels like our country is under siege by this government's policies.
BREXIT IS 17M DISLIKE EVERY ONE ,
A #Brexit subtweet:
Maybe .........................................
Global media react to Theresa May’s ‘humiliating Brexit defeat’
Bang on mon amis
Non-related Brexit news: Former French Interior minister and Nicolas Sarkozy’s friend Claude Guéant will spend a year in prison, a judge says He was found guilty to have allowed off-the-book cash payments to policemen.
Yes, utterly agree. Any deal / option is worse than the one we currently have. Brexit zealots, of course, would never concede this ... and simply rubbish as more #ProjectFear
The Unofficial Brexit song
A second Brexit referendum with the same MP's,PM, Ministers &amp; Leader of opposition.This minority govt and minority opposition has to work together to find the middle ground to sort out the division in the country and Europe
After what you've just said, surely the only option is No Brexit? #remain
When a person is tired of Brexit, they are tired of life.
In different news (not Brexit related) there's a bet going on in the office on what food types I'm going to be allergic to. I reckon it'll pickup caffeine. Any other guesses?
Brexit is a case study for cognitive dissonance.
Thanks for confirming Yougov were way off. How did they do with the Brexit poll? Oh... They got that even more wrong. But carry on.
Not even half for that kind of Brexit. Ah the joys of an in/out vote where mysteriously everyone somehow new what everyone was voting for but nobody seems to actually agree what that was.
Nailed it !
Theresa May has well and truly screwed this country over #Brexit
So, the complexity is finally acknowledged ... by PM
I think its effecting just UK customer. Something to do with being packed up in germany and not being labelled as having a certain type of battery. I will blame it, as I am doing with everything else going wrong over the last 2 years, on Brexit.
My uncle was in bomber command and died whilst on a raid over Hamburg his crew consisted of 1 southern irish, New Zealander and 1 South African and him a Scotsman along with Englishmen so not all British or English as some people would have you belie ve
So... like... Brexit lol.
starting to think that and want a no deal brexit just so the country does collapse financially... simply to remove from power (for at least one round of elections) and from the field of play
No, you need to prioritise stopping brexit. With your approach to it at the moment you will lose a GE &amp; enable the tory hard-liners to push through no-deal.
Skandal 2011 Hot and Sexy Movies Click Link To Watch Movies: #2009vs2019challenge #Spiderman #spidermanTH #Venom #Movies #Gillete #TuesdayThoughts #NationalHatDay #Girl #GilletteAd #TheFlash #Brexit #SDLive #BBB19 #Videos #bbb2019 #WayVisCOMING
They just don’t like the way we voted
How would a WTO Brexit destroy the economy? You are economically illiterate.
Part 2 If the Brexit party wins, they would have a parliament (upto 5 years) to deliver brexit. If at any point the party give up or cannot sort it, we would go back to pre-2016 EU membership. Their final deal would be put back to the public with a “for or against” the deal
British Prime Minister Teresa May Falling over in a pub, Brexit EU leave... via
So you voted for 'sovereignty'? Doubtless that will give you your treasured blue passport. But #Brexit will also give you a declining economy, an unsolveable problem on the N. Ireland border, and queues of lorries from one side of Kent to the other.
IjazZ - Nuclear (Black Ops 4 Best Gameplay 30 Kills) Rap Freestyle via #Brexit #breakit
You thunderous shite-hawk
the fake brexit news.........will only bring disorder and a political wasteland for the future .....we wont be cheated!
Look for Brexit clarity by early February -
Pound rises after 'meaningful' #Brexit vote! In the hope of a Corbyn led government and fairer society for the many no doubt?
from my last tweets :
#Ghostbusters I wonder if we could crowdfund ghostbusters to solve our #brexit crisis Who ya' gonna call, Theresa?
In other words, he's saying "I don't care about this Brexit thing. I lost the election and I really want to be Prime Minister and will keep demanding it until I'm made Prime Minister".
HereWasOur Nice Posh HouseAt LagosOnThe Algarve In PortugalIn Eu ItWasNice I Do KnowBritish X Pats Who Stiil Live Down In Lagos In The Algarve Portugal Still But Mrs May Brexit Is Bad Let Mark J Harper Mp To Be The New Uk Prime Minister Now
// #BREXIT // After a huge defeat in the #BrexitVote last night, the prime minister will now look to her own MPs to back her in the vote of confidence this evening (from 7pm). More than a third of Con MPs voted down her deal in the biggest Commons defeat in nearly a century.
"The Leave Campaign have lied to the people and what the public have chosen is not possible. Good luck to the representatives of the nation who has to implement a thing which doesn't exist."
Theresa May lost her majority, failed grenfell victims, failed windrush victims, introduced PIP &amp; Universal credit. All failing the people. Seeing life expectancy DECLINE, cannot get through Brexit, has 2 thirds of the house against her, yet you focus on JC’s speech delivery?
In non #Brexit news...
I- BREXIT AS IN THE BRITISH SLANG
That's not a plan. It's like grafting elephant ears onto a Yorkshire terrier and trying to sell it to a circus.
Pound Traders Indulge in Some Wishful Brexit Thinking
Very credible case put forward by of the current Govt’s failure and not on #Brexit alone but the deteriorating social fabric of this country. Time to go!
Billboard campaign reminds voters of MPs' Brexit promises
The government, MPs &amp; experts can't predict what will happen with Brexit: Do the people have a better idea? Join our crowd forecasting challenge &amp; make your predictions #noconfidencemotion
Nothing has changed: The vote that they are transforming how we can drive a holistic and strategic priorities for employers. Because mental wellbeing of our NHS. #Brexit #BrexitChaos #StopBrexit #TheresaMay #Conservatives
In contrast to message from urges Irish govt &amp; EU partners "to stand firm and not move away from or attempt to dilute the backstop" adding "any Brexit agreement needs to recognise, understand &amp; protect the people, economy &amp; peace process on this island.”
Bang on. Can we borrow him for a while?
G-d help us
Hey, works for me.
Brexit, El Chapo, Nairobi: Your Wednesday Briefing
get soooOoooooOo far to fuck hun x
It's definitely a riddle this Brexit, isn't it?
While an agreed Brexit settlement, including a transitional period for negotiation of a free trade agreement, may yet be possible: every prudent business will note that the time available to reach such an agreement is now very short.
And poverty from Brexit for generations does NOTHING to solve that. And yes they are. You obviously don't know what your own fellow Corbynites are like.
I'd cry myself to sleep over Brexit every night if it were not for . Utterly brilliant here on May governing like she got a landslide majority ("why has no-one told her?")
There are Tories who voted no confidence in Theresa May as their Party leader, voted against her Brexit deal last night but will vote to have confidence in her as leader of the country &amp; the one to take us through Brexit today. Talk about putting career before country #cowards
The Daily 202: From Brexit to NATO and the shutdown, Putin is winning so much he might get tired of winning - The Washington Post
Brexit vote could have massive #GrandNational ramifications with Irish trainers set for big decision
With each passing year it just gets better and better, but there might be some disruption initially. If there was, the EU would suffer worse than us. We have nothing to fear from Brexit.
It won't surprise me to see arguments/violence by disturbed #Brexit leave voters who won. Taking out personal grievances on '#immigrants'.
Confidence and supply arrangement = DUP have to side with the govt in votes of no confidence and budget votes (supplying money to the departments that need it) Brexit isn’t considered a requirement, at least not by the DUP
His unicorns have spoken
Worth thinking.. #Brexit #NYTimes #TheresaMay #NDTV #WashingtonPost
Companies cry out for Brexit clarity, warn on no-deal &gt;
Rebecca Long-Bailey, shadow business secretary, said that it's not “automatic” that Labour would back a People's Vote if it fails to get a general election. #PeoplesVoteNow #Brexit If Labour get on board a People's Vote is a near certainty. Time for #Labour to get off the fence
Not much going on in the world of Politics in 2019 so let’s debate... let’s see.. the height of letterboxes! Haha #forgetbrexitlettergateishere
You know what to do....
Strike that one off your list chappie. Try to keep up and a little more accuracy and less project fear.
#motionofnoconfidence on #may and her government. are having a #Brexit debate instead.
via Mike Russell: Scotland is preparing for a no-deal Brexit
Lets hope the then all run out of ink..eh!!
The priority for politicians should be global leadership to prevent catastrophic climate change. Instead we have total political focus over a choice between making our economy and environment worse off - soft Brexit - or a lot worse off - hard Brexit.
Here are 's predictions following 's historic Commons defeat. He thinks there will be "a stalemate followed by an extension of Article 50" and then "probably" a second referendum. Read the latest updates on #Brexit here:
Leave campaign We have voted on something that does not exist.
I speak fluent English, have a PhD in English from a British university, have been married to a Brit for 28 years &amp; lived in the UK for 32 years. Yet to be able to go on with my life I'll have to APPLY &amp; PAY for the privilege. That's what Brexit means. That's why the EU helped.
French MP at the National Assembly speaks of an “EU Referendum campaign based on lies.” #Brexit #QAG #DirectAN
The moment Theresa May loses crucial Brexit deal vote – video
Brexit is SUCH a mess wow
An #EU that wanted to make the #Brexit a daunting example for the other countries and a Prime Minister May who was actually a declared opponent of the Brexit - a recipe for disaster on all possible levels..
Prick
Mrs May may have learnt #Brexit be on one side or other
I liked a video Brexit Meltdown as Theresa May is Massively Defeated on Her Crappy Deal
#Juncker boasting &amp; bursting with pride... He will fail... He will burst... He will fall
All soap opera scripted news PM faces crushing Brexit defeat and a vote of no confidence via
Stand up. Fight back.
Doing our best to solve the Brexit problem &gt; We Made a Dildo with Aldi's 3D Printer - VICE
Brexit endgame: Parliament votes down Theresa May’s Brexit deal.
Is having the shame gene removed part of the application procedure for Eton?
This is a good thread with a great idea for conversations going forward. (Unlikely to be taken up therefore). #PeoplesVote
How Europe reacted to #Brexit deal defeat Read more here:
BREXIT 17M THINK THEY OWN THE WORLD OUT OFF 66M UK HUMANS
Still struggling to understand why Labour isn't coming out with a strong campaign for a new Brexit referendum.
that takes the which brexit choice away from remain voters who still have an interest. You can either use 1 preferential ballot, which might need a simple second count, or use a French runoff vote a week later.
Such an unbelievably lame position: trying to take narrow party advantage out of a national crisis when the polls tell them that the British people are nowhere near willing to make them the next government. Position succeeds in being both cynical and stupid. Bravo!
#brexit ladies and gentlemen REMEMBER who pays your wages,you are public servants as such you deliver what you signed up to. If you do not believe in it then resign. A byelection can be called. No need for second vote. Deliver what you are paid for.
She was an impressively poor Home Secretary Theresa May was the Jim Hacker compromise PM candidate #YesPrimeMinister
Lanny your light weight in the political world nobody takes a blind bit of notice what you say
But that's not going to happen. The only hope of saving Brexit is to remove Theresa May. Last chance saloon tonight in the Labour No Confidence vote. If May wins, the final stages of her gameplan will see things get worse until Brexit is delayed before finally being stopped.
Wait did no one tell them Macron is seen as bad now by most
#CAGEurope US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Wall Street rises at open on BofA, Goldman earnings boost #ReutersCES #EU #BusinessNews #Finance #Brexit
One for : LCU Chaos, Division and Delay - a.k.a. Theresa May's Brexit
The Finance 202: May's Brexit plan just collapsed. Here's...
Brexit breaches GFA in a number of areas including guarantee's on human rights in European courts, freedom, and is threatened by a return to a hard border after many yrs of free movement. The 6cs and Scotland voted to remain and their mandate is being ignored by the English.
And ... re ‘softer line’, well, if there had been any logic to all this, we would have started in UK fashion: setting up a X-Party committee to examine the Brexit issue. It would have reported back regularly, and concluded when the madness subsided.
Wrong. It’s simply an attempt to revoke Brexit. If it wasn’t then Remain should not be considered as an option.
Fair enough and I have no problem with a proposal - most don't. I fundamentally disagree with it but that's all well and good. Only thing is WTO was never mentioned as part of Brexit means Brexit and now we know Brexit means WTO we should be asked if that's what we want
So has Her Majesties Opposition. Abstaining on key votes. Failing to hold May &amp; Government to account because you actually support her attempts to Brexit.
Brexit Meltdown as Theresa May is Massively Defeated on Her Crappy Deal via
Geez...just have a new referendum on Brexit...it’s apparent that the citizens don’t want it!
How dare he go outside.
Brexit playlist II
Basically this guy has solved the Brexit issue with a solution that should do what both remainers &amp; leavers want.
Well spotted - shamefully Brexit debates have been characterized by their luck of diversity.
This opens up SNP, Plaid and Libs to the accusation they're propping up the Tories. On the other hand, it means that Corbyn's only option if No confidence motion fails is to back a peoples vote or else get a no deal Brexit. This is either genius or idiocy. Time will tell which!
IMHO, this will make it easier for May to opt for a softer Brexit e.g. Customs Union, as the threat of the ERG supporting a future No Confidence vote will be removed (ERG would rather force a GE that be trapped in a Customs Union)...
Brexit 2: May &amp; Trump vs Truth, with Stephen Fry via
Ah but which version of the Brexit vision peddled by Leave campaigners? The one that 'nobody is suggesting we leave the single market?', the one where 'it will be the easiest trade deal in the world' or your own personal version?
Yes, that's a fair point but I also think it's fair to say that the advocates of Brexit have not delivered on their promises while relatively few people are in favour of the prospect of No Deal - so it's all to play for!
As soon as the option of a general election is officially ruled out policy is to support a #PeoplesVote as leader can only follow the official line. Looking forward to the ref but on what if the deal was voted down, hard #brexit or #remain
The Tories in a nutshell. Not just May. Listen to them in parliament very few Tories genuinely against brexit. Most of them are more like UKIP.
Barr relied soley on news reports concerning his 'special' report.I'm sure he will allow djt to get away with the Russians. Just as #Brexit will exit to its' own peril. While revengful Putin strong arms &amp; corals territorial countries back under his power.
Like I said initially circumstances have changed so therefore should the policy. GE won't happen in time so what IS the plan? McDonnell said this morning that JC will announce in a few weeks. By which time we are condemned to Tory brexit and more suffering of the vulnerable
Not interested in brexit then?
Brexit vote: Why the landslide defeat of Theresa May's deal matters to the U.S. - CBS News - Brexit vote: Why the landslide defeat of Theresa May's deal matters to the U.S. CBS News With just 72 days ... #NewsAndInformation
It’s started! kick-off in . After the introductions gives us 3 minutes to vent our #Brexit anger! Nothing’s going to stop us doing great European science!
One day they will accept the fact that many people, for genuine reasons, have issues with EU. Many supporters of EU spend more time explaining why people voted Leave rather than justifying their own reasons for Remaining.
Watching these politicians on the tele #Brexit are these people for real?? The country has gone to pot.
NBCNews: DEVELOPING: British PM May faces no-confidence vote today after her Brexit plan is crushed in Parliament.
Is that the criminally procured Brexit you speak of? Go to jail you grimey, crimey, little nomark.
So Labour goes all out for Remain, loses a tonne of seats in Leave areas and gains what? They can't stop Brexit in opposition.
I’m a brexit voter of course but just trying to understand how to get out of this mess and to be stubborn no matter how tempting won’t work . The referendum was advisory , the reality is parliament has to agree to something .
As rare as hen's teeth to hear "great debate" and Brexit in the same sentence
Check out The Daily 202 from
Agree with you Daniel except it’s not an accidental brexit it’s what we voted for leave has one simple meaning out all of Eu institutions
No, there is still the most obvious option, throw out the results of the extremely compromised and unpopular result of the Brexit vote, and either hold a new referendum or remain in the EU.
‘NO RENEGOTIATION’ Merkel smashes Brexit hopes and says Article 50 extension is ‘FICTION’
Excellent summary.
The Daily 202: From Brexit to NATO and the shutdown, Putin is winning so much he might get tired of winning
Let's be honest. If Leave won the (Rich)People's Vote, they wouldn't let us leave then either. There is an establishment nexus that paid lip service to the result but always planned to bring us to where we are - forced to vote again. We know the MO well. #Brexit
You conflate the non party political Brexit with other policies. As you know the entire party will get behind May tonight (as will the DUP); trouble with is nobody has a clue what Brexit he wants whereas other opposition MPs do.
With more than £60,000,000,000 annual trade deficit with the EU and £39,000,000,000 saved on day one - no deal looks more and more attractive. BREXIT achieved, £££ saved and £££ to earn. We should not see FTE as well unless this will guarantee our services full access.
This is the brexit debate in a nutshell. Leaver shouting &amp; terrupting the remainer &amp; not listening properly to points they r able to get through. Oh &amp; harking back to "getting through" WW2 without realising that this is a totally unnecessary self-imposed pain we're facing
So, who knew there was a Parliament live feed? Not me. This is the not so very large turn-out in response to an online public e-petition that is against a Brexit deal.
Brexit Review #Brexit #uk #ukpolitics
Now remoaners are trying to steal the Union Jack from us. I'll make it simple for them. If you're proud to be British then the Union Jack is your flag. If you're an EU shill, traitor, Lundy, Fifth columnist, Quisling, Haw Haw, etc etc, then the EU flag is yours.
#Brexit People deserve now a #FinalSay #PeoplesVote
What brought Brexit to the table in the first place was Tory in fighting nothing more and nothing less.
The people who say “we just need to get on with it”, when asked about #Brexit should try a career in project management. Detail seems to be their forte.
It's bizarre -not bizarre- that Tom Harris has gone largely unscathed from his many Brexit discussion appearances on STV/BBC and without any real scrutiny. He still gets away with playing the cheeky 'oh, it'll be alright' Brexit chappy.
Knowing 3 of the bereaved very well - 2 in their eighties - I can vouch for the fact it has been absolute hell
The bloke who announces the teams at St Mary's just so he would fuck off #SaintsFC
Its time for a second referendum, this time without cheating and meddling. Put the available options on the table and let the people decide #Brexit
MPs voting on #Brexit deal be like... #NoConfidence #BrexitShambles
well said ; a host of factors including lack of #proportional #representation, lack of local and #regional tax raising/spending, a predominance of career politicians....... to name but a few that helped create the disenfranchisement behind the popular Brexit vote
Come on BBC put the real facts out about ND Brexit preparations instead of your remainer 'fake news'.
Two faced as ever
So much for cross party talks ... House of Commons fail #brexitdebate #BrexitChaos
Brexit anthem
Stick this on the side of a bus
Let's hope he had a not-so-secret one..
1. Hard #brexit will be disasterous for #Britain but the good side we can cut off #northernisland and give it to the republic, give #gibralta to #spain get rid of the #monarchy bring in pr to electing any government let #scotland out of the union
My observation goes- in #UK, those that voted #BREXIT, leave #EU don't look sound excited &amp; happy after a day of the vote. Expectations?
The elites really will have reason to be super fearful of the force of the people if they try to no deal #Brexit the people &amp; country are just surviving austerity/world financial crisis &amp; you go and do this to the nation?!! #BrexitIsACrime #stopbrexit
So let’s get this right. Ireland is worried EU will make them put up hard border and instead of finding solutions with the UK, they’ve gone all in on the backstop that is now dead. Absolute shocker.
Fine but what does ANY of this have to do with the Brexit vote and the pathetically opportunistic manner in which the moderate Labour Remainers (most of their MPs) voted against May's Brexit agreement?! 3rd rate party politics at the expense of the country! This will cost them!
Now she's ruled out a GE or SR, not budging on her red lines. Whilst the EU said they will give a favorable response if UK shifts its red lines. May's pushing for a hard Brexit with no deal.
After Defeat on Brexit Plan, Theresa May Faces No-Confidence Vote via
Goffs chief Beeby slams parliament and warns of dangers of no-deal Brexit
We are busy, busy, busy, #brexit! What #Brexit. #recruitment
First of all article 50 would need to be extended to allow time for the referendum. We the people can now make the final decision by choosing to not go through with Brexit at all or exit with a no deal
Look out for ’ Prof Alex de Ruyter on this evening discussing the latest Brexit developments
Cameron didn’t gin up the xenophobic, racist views that made the referendum possible. The British people let a fringe group sow hate in their hearts which Cameron exploited to disastrous results.
I’m waiting to see the results of Parliament’s “No Confidence” vote for ’s government. BUT MORE INTERESTING Will be watching what happens to Brexit. Will the UK really do it? #LeaveMeansLeave
Not at all. I agree with everything you say and a lot more. We do need radical change in this country. However, leaving the EU, especially hard or no-deal Brexit, is likely to lead to an economic collapse that will make all these things far worse!
Imagine being Latin American
And that is what I was complaining of.
I wonder what the correlation is bw ink costs and the #VIX
Cameron is a clear front runner in this year's Monty Python Upper Class Twit of the Year award.
It's not his grammar and whatnot I have any issue with. I can't stand how he talks all doom and gloom about Brexit while cheering on those bad thing's he decided were right, just so he can say "I told you so". If he's still British, then he's a traitor.
Steve Hilton: Original intent of Brexit - restoring freedom and sovereignty - buried by inept bureaucrats
#MarkCarney said the Bank of England #boE is in discussions with the U.K. Treasury about the many NEW powers it needs to smooth any financial ructions if the country leaves the European Union without a deal. #QE Infinity #Bailouts #powergrab #Brexit #BrexitShambles #BrexitVote
Whenever I read the phrase "deliver #Brexit", I'm always reminded of takeaways. I imagine opening my door to be handed lukewarm stale pie and chips and a can of flat, piss-weak bitter.
Every cloud.
It’s just a different colour of unicorns with Labour. No such thing as a ‘Jobs First Brexit’ unless it’s an acknowledgement that Jabs have already gone first.
Brexit, engaging as ever ... #cnntalk #lbc
Are you watching proceedings in the HoC? I was commenting on the debate of no-confidence in the Govt. TM turned it around to get ppl talking about Corbyn giving his votes to help brexit but refusing to admit it.
EU’S TUSK SUGGESTS THE UK SHOULD CANCEL BREXIT AFTER HISTORIC DEFEAT FOR THERESA MAY. “If a deal is impossible, and no one wants no deal, then who will finally have the courage to say what the only positive solution is?” The EU Will Be Destroyed Soon
Corbyn does represent the workers, it was mostly the workers that voted Leave. IF he's not voted in, WHO will take us out? It certainly wont be Tories and a Workers supporting Brexit!!
Only from some........ there's idiots still wanting to discuss what we do next on Brexit. Chope being a prime example
"Led by donkeys" can have my vote (if they want it). Billboard campaign reminds voters of MPs' Brexit promises
Michael, there is a straightforward solution to the Brexit Deal impasse already embedded in the Brexit documents which could be used to remove the backstop problem. It just needs elevating. See proposal at
The #ERG will come across no more than spineless if they back the PM today after their own pathetic no confidence vote. To loosely quote the film Mean Girls, they'd rather be in power hating life that not be in power at all. Win a GE if you want better #PMQs #Brexit
Excellent use of the words "serial chillaxer" in this piece
The European Commission reveals special measures for air transport in preparation for a #Brexit no-deal scenario #UK #politics
Brexit bedlam: May's EU divorce deal crushed by 230 votes Sky isn’t falling. Brexit may likely not be too terrible, with or without a deal. IF the initial chaotic-likely phase were over. It may not be very bad in a long run. People and businesses will adjust and adapt just fine.
Brexit jokes: laugh your way through the confusion and shambles
Labour would have to choose which side over Brexit risking another hung parliament or electoral implosion. All mouth no trousers
UNREAL! Brexit: MPs debate no-confidence motion after May's deal defeat – Politics live
As Ive said before.Its all a fit up M'Lord
Analysts raise EU carbon price forecasts, warn of short-term Brexit jitters: Reuters | More w/ Eco-Search:
needs to grow a pair. Cannot believe he got all that youth support and still can't stand up and say that #Brexit is a shit idea. People are counting on you. Step up.
I find it interesting how the media frames the Brexit deal as May’s idea - she’s been trying to do the best deal possible for the UK in a terrible situation (with little leverage) caused by others who have all skulked into the shadows. Voters remorse aimed in the wrong direction!
Tea break with an incredible gluten-free Christmas cake. I shall be very disappointed when (if?) Brexit happens - how else will I get good British tea/cakes/biscuits and my Japanese pantry supplies so easily?!
British newspapers are stockpiling ink and newsprint in the event of a disruptive Brexit
Moving to the UK / EU. Any delays foreseen due to Brexit?
David Cameron caused this mess &amp; now he's on his jollies whilst Theresa May shit Brexit deal off the EU was rightly defeated too.
this is from Sept 18. There has been a more recent poll done but I cant find it at the moment.
Vox pops during the working day don't really work do they ?
You know what freaks me out about this picture? The similarity to .
Fine. No deal it is then. Hope you have your explanation ready for BMW, Audi, etc.
Like everyone doesn't know that is just what she's using to advance the indyref agenda. I personally think it's a part of what it's about, but mostly about Scottish MPs not being respected or listened to in Westminster, Scotland being shut out of the whole Brexit discussions etc
Brexit: deadlock means new vote or no deal, says Society
sees a trend in car automakers beginning to slash domestic jobs as a result of #Brexit and increase in global tariffs
Pretty nice tan. Must’ve been abroad for Christmas, avoiding his handiwork... Twat.
Which translates as ‘we haven’t decided what our Brexit policy is’
Clegg , Clark :sour berry, and yes! Many others: I don't think folk will forget quickly! If one good thing came out of brexit ,it's the fact we found out what fools we have been trusting politicions! In fact they'll never be the same again: it's the party for britain for me:
Bad loser, or what?: Who can spare us from this #Brexit disaster?
Beyond parody... Has Mrs May no self awareness at all?
But the WA is ultra soft. What happens after Brexit is a different ball game
Equally disingenuous from the Labour Party. What's required is clarity of ideas, not vague aspirations. Listen to your members. #headinhands #Brexit
You really are thick aren't you? Brexit is undeliverable. Tories are a screw up. Incompetent idiots are ruining our country. It's not a case of ignoring Ref result - which should have been declared null &amp; void for no of reasons - it's a vote on the facts! Tory exploiters out!
Indeed, and it is stunning the 27 members of the European community essentially lined up together when a single country could not.
I don’t agree with Theresa May’s politics (or Brexit) but she’s a better person than me. They handed her an impossible task (Brexit with no consequences) and she gave them back what is probably one of the only realistic solutions. They reject it. I would quit, loudly.
have produced a great guide to help your business handle #Brexit
This is a paragraph from this morning’s Times brexit coverage I knew the level playing field obligations were potentially onerous in a customs union but...
The Daily 202: From Brexit to NATO and the shutdown, Putin is winning so much he might get tired of winning - The Washington Post
Don't miss Mazars Managing Partner speaking about #Brexit and Banking Regulation at this years Find out more
Absolutely spot on and a reason why the Government is choosing to wait until the last possible moment before brexit before it publishes a new UK MFN tariff schedule.
Cos he didn't have to clean up the mess
Hold a second Brexit referendum and stop this insanity already!
got to love this argument #BrexitShambles
Brexit vote defeat - British Ports Association warns on &amp;#039;disorderly withdrawal&amp;#039; from the EU via
It seems you agree with a No Deal Brexit unless your ‘like’ was for some other reason.
Brexit and the future of the British model of democratic capitalism - the introduction from 'Britain Beyond Brexit' edited by and
Be nice for some of these Tory No Deal Brexit maniacs and their constituents to discover what austerity means come 30th March this year. Every cloud.
Long way to go to bring Britain back together after Brexit vote: Prime Minister May via
: "The best deal with the EU is the one we have as members." #PeoplesVote
Corbyn also wants Brexit. He is the worst opposition leader in history. I can't vote Labour with that fool in charge. People's vote and David Lammy or yourself in charge.
Brexit is little different from volunteering to have your hand cut off at the end of March and hoping it will grow back in between 15 and 50 years.
Just do a no-deal Brexit so that EU and eurozone will become one in the future.
Government 'sneaks out' £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote - The Independent. Poorer pensioner couples will lose more than £7,000 a year, under a cut "sneaked out" while MPs are preparing for the showdown Brexit vote
So there’s nothing to worry about from confirming that, now we know what Brexit actually is.
Great Britain Brexit or Referendum?
"Companies Cry Out for Brexit Clarity, Warn on No-Deal" by REUTERS via NYT
Says the man who lives in his wife’s castle
The fundamental problem is that the Northern Ireland border makes anything more than Brexit Existing As Name Only infeasible.
Brexit?
How will #fintech fare in post #Brexit Britain? Our MD offers his opinion on the burning question of talent in uncertain times. #BrexitVote #Forbes
That's democracy, man...
New post (Irish PM denies having secret no-deal Brexit plan for border checks) has been published on Parsian English News -
He doesn’t regret it bc he just yeeted and have anything to do with the consequences lol wtf
May’s Brexit Deal Failed. What Happens Now? via
It will be such a travesty and nail in the coffin on an independent UK if the govt calls for another vote on Brexit.
Instead of spending 2years attacking TM, they could have come up with their own Brexit plan, once TM Brexit was voted down, they could have presented an alternative and then run a GE. Instead they have sat on the fence and offered nothing to the public. Complete waste of time.
Read this.
I agree completely! The UK needs to remain ... Brexit in any shape or form would be a disaster to the country
Oh wow - Macron is getting serious, time Theresa May and her rabble get out of the way and stop lying to the British people. There is no silver lining for #Brexit - STOP BREXIT NOW!
They’re stockpiling “news” as well...
To be fair. What would it solve? We don’t have time, Owen. We need actual solutions to Brexit. Labour is currently polling behind the Tories anyway.
Oh great. Allow unelected group inBrussels to determine the future of Frest Britain . Elections have no consequences. Good luck trying to handle the imported rioters
Colin O'Leary Optometry Practice in background
Steve Hawkes reveals Alastair Campbell is still a Labour spokesman.
Well said #bettytodealwithbrexit
I blame you and ALL MPs too. UK should have agreed what it wants BEFORE triggering A50. It is gross negligence for May, Corbyn &amp; Parliament starting Brexit WITHOUT agreeing what they want FFS! The whole Brexit is disgrace for UK Parliamentary democracy.
They will be more closely studied but may not go away completely. BUT, just think of the campaigns running into a Referendum. Leave cannot use 'will of the people' and they'll need to explain the benefits of Brexit which they've singularly failed to do to date
Keep brexit. No deal get out and let them chase us..... simple
Theresa May’s Brexit plan suffered a huge defeat. What comes next? - BBC News US
Funny how the DUP are always looking everyone else to compromise, no matter if it comes to Stormont or Brexit yet they aren't prepared to make any compromises themselves. Hypocrites, Cake and eat it springs to mind!
Can we banter off Brexit first mate? I know it's yer problematic fav but it's gotta be a no from me dawg.
Is hard to modify the read line when majority of people voted for brexit to end free movement and some to exit the single market #StopBrexit
And as Labour didn't win in 2017, that manifesto does not have any relevance to the here &amp; now
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
EU elections are 23 may. That kind of knocks a second ref on the head even if exit is delayed. Any reaction ?
If have integrity they should vote no confidence. No majority, failed BREXIT plan, no desire to talk to the leader of the opposition. She has proven to be incapable of being our PM. Tories are voting to keep their pay packets today, not in the interests of the UK
Ireland Says `Not Much’ Room for More Talks: Brexit Update
New: Ok, So Where The Hell Does Brexit Go From Here?
Awkward
I might be voting for something else in the manifesto. May chose deliberately to misrepresent that result. Lots of people voted for Labour in 2017 because, unlike the LibDems, it had a chance of winning, and cd have stopped brexit.
Great! Bring. It. On.
The entire thing is a no-win scenario. As you’ve said, both Brexit options are catastrophic and a second referendum, which I still think is the only positive option in this entire farce, destroys faith in our democracy for a good proportion of the 52% who voted Leave initially.
I really hope that people in Europe understand that most of us Brits are deeply embarrassed by the mess our parliament is in over Brexit and if we could all hit them over the head with a hammer to knock some sense into them (or at least the sense to stop faffing) we 100% would
Unbelievable. Tick tock brexit clock. One would think an extension would be granted for something like this.
The result of #Brexit, leave #EU, is an unhappy and discontented in itself- broken #UK as we know it (breaking up to #England, #Scotland, #Wales, #Ireland) . Watch this space.
She used to talk big things about UK . Even her own party legislators didn't support her on #Brexit issue. #BrexitVote results exit of David camaron &amp; now may likely Theresa may.
Thread. #Brexit
The path to a Brexit is less clear now, especially after May’s deal was struck down by more than two-thirds of Parliament and the March deadline for a deal nears....
Reality Check
More catastrophic consequences of Brexit:
The message from last week's #Brexit conference with is the need for clarity &amp; cross-party cooperation. This is even more important following the UK Govt's disastrous defeat yesterday. I look forward to meeting to discuss these matters further.
isnt it that dhfjdh that's the brexit i know h also hello i just saw you on tl bc oomf replied to this sorry to suddenly replyjdjfjf
. has written to calling for: + A meeting of the JMC + Rejection of no-deal #Brexit + X-party talks leading to a renegotation that goes for single market participation &amp; a customs union + Extension of Art. 50 talks + Removal of 29/03/19 Brexit date from law
Any chance you can get on again to talk Brexit? Specifically how they can get a peoples vote? That was best show!
After a catastrophic rejection of her WA, PM May rules out a Customs Union to appease the hard #Brexit members of her party, thus necessitating the Irish backstop that was the rationale for their rejection of the WA. This is madness. Time for Parliament to take back control!
Whilst there are clearly other big issues we need a different government to sort out, Brexit is clearly the most important of today and years ahead. Labour set out a policy at conference and to betray their members by reneging would warrant withdrawal of support. For me, anyway.
Oh no, please don’t tell me you believe the whole ‘project fear’ thing? Isn’t the fact that the government failed to get a reasonable deal and the only other option is no deal bad enough? All the benefits of Brexit have been proved to be total fabrication.
There's that word "Demands" again! Brexit: EU ‘demands fishing water rights' as price all-UK customs union
French President Macron perfectly summing up #BREXIT #thecountrywasliedto
Some light confirmation bias...
If UK farmers will have to pay (actually their customers would be paying it) tariffs of 40% on lamb exports to the EU after a no-deal #Brexit What is UK government going to help them find new markets? How about buying it + giving to UK children at school dinners? #ConfidenceVote
British Parliament overwhelmingly rejects Theresa May's Brexit deal | AB... via
ICYMI: James O'Brien's interview with Jacob Rees-Mogg over whether Brexit would be good for the UK is a must-watch. | #Brexit
Brexit is like watching the Hobbit in that a ‘simple’ story is being stretched into hours of complex narrative which fails to live up to expectations
Is that #Kinnock beavering away at number 44 behind #Barnier making notes?
Do you think if we asked them nicely we could persuade Scotland to invade England and take over Westminster?
Check out The Daily 202 from
'With our dynamic skilled workforce, the English language, and our global opportunities under WTO rules, a rejuvenating atmosphere of freedom - both democratic and economic - means an exit without a deal is now what Britain can embrace...' #CleanBrexit
Petition: Brexit re article 50 it must not be suspended/stopped under any circumstances
BREXIT SICK AND TIRED OF HEARING ABOUT IT
I do not vote for Corbyn (he wants Brexit) and I happen to like 'free movement it brings business, variety and this country is made up of immigrants, if you looked into your ancestors probably they are made up of immigrants.
Whatever.. what does roger scruton think?
This pulling out from NATO is the same logic as the shutdown the gov if I can't get my way &amp; same Brexit logic (I don't want immigration to my country but only want free tariff trade deals &amp; no travel/immigration restriction for me.) No one thinks it's a good idea but Putin.
People worried about Brexit I'm worried about getting a happy meal without getting shanked bruv
Has Theresa May opened the door to delaying Brexit?? She appeared to suggest it might not happen on March 29....Full story
when are you and going to meet in a boxing ring and have a fight, the winner is right about Brexit and the loser has to apologise for being misguided and the proceeds go to a charity?
500 MPs voted to invoke Article50 to leave EU with or without a deal on 29/03/19 MPs also voted for repeal of the 1972act this has by there vote been enshrined into UKLAW and now want a second go at Article 50 perhaps they didn’t understand morons give us Brexit WTO terms
Ok, so he made a speach. We know JC can run an effective campaign, he did in the 2017 GE and that means being on every news bulletin for the duration. He was simply largely absent in the Brexit campaign.
urges UK government to provide certainty after Brexit vote. More words from from
Rory Stewart showing real leadership here.
Search on for #Brexit consensus after May's crushing defeat
Why would Brexit be a disaster? Is that what the BBC told you No one knows what will happen. I didn't vote for any European politician to run our country
By Accident Or Design, A Pre-Brexit General Election Remains The Most Plausible Outcome
Did Theresa May wake up this morning hoping it was all a dream and that she would find David Cameron in the shower? #Brexit #BrexitVote #BrexitChaos #BrexitShambles
BBC News - Brexit: Your simple guide to the UK leaving the EU
The reason brexit will/should happen is because that’s what the people voted for, also Corbyn is well aware he cannot go against brexit he would lose the north of England in a single breath
Welcome to the Westminster apocalypse. Have you thought about theocracy instead? Stunning article, one of the few joyful things regarding #Brexit are the descriptions of it by
The only people claiming that the UK would now vote Remain are Remain commissioned Polls. Yet in reality the electorates are actually hardening their position on Brexit with many Remainers now Brexiteers including the former deputy head of Vote Leave.
Michel Barnier admits EU has never been so afraid of no deal and demands UK breaks Brexit deadlock
So nothing there talked to Brexit. It just talked to you wanting a Labour Unicorn instead of a Tory Unicorn.
*Chope
If the says the ERG are “a group of hard-line Brexiteers” then surely the are a group of hard-line separatists. #Brexit #NoConfidenceMotion
'Brexit and the future of the British model of democratic capitalism' by and
I almost walked away from Twitter after the Brexit vote (my other, personal account, not this account) until I found I could mute keywords (more than just Brexit)... it was like a breath of fresh air. If you do do it, include mis-spellings of terms as well!
DT Ruth Cadbury MP: Proud to represent the community I've lived in for 35 years &amp;amp; was a Hounslow Councillor - Am opposing #Brexit - On…
Actually he has always been a Eurosceptic and Labour members VOTED on the current policy for Brexit.
Brexit: MPs debate no-confidence motion after May's deal defeat – Politics live Parliament to debate Labour no-confidence motion after resounding loss that gives May just days to present a fresh vision for EU withdrawal
Video of Theresa May submitting her #Brexit plan to parliament:
Spot on.
Amid Parliament’s Brexit Rebellion, a Tectonic Shift in How Britain Is Governed
#Brexit will kill UK democracy, economic exceptionalism, civil society and in the end the UK itself. It is the tragic death of a great ancient civilisation, historically a great event but a tragic one.
You CANNOT define Brexit, in that no one knows what will happen next year, in 5 years etc etc. It's a question of principle really - do we want to be part of the European Project, or not. The idea that there can be certainty is human but flawed. Only religion offers that comfort
Newspapers Are Stockpiling Ink and Newsprint Against Brexit reports -
And about #Brexit...
We only need him to sort out Brexit
As concerns over the chaotic withdrawal of the UK from the EU mount, the government calls upon Lithuanians living in Britain to return from emigration
Brexit vote ups pressure on U.K., Canada to strike bilateral trade deal - Financial Post
London Lays out a Strategy for Smart Tourism Growth Amid Brexit Concerns via
#KenyaAttack #RiversideAttack #WeShallOvercome Muslim Eastleigh and Ruaka #KenyaUnbowed #14riverside #Brexit #SteveMbogoChallenge
It's not, there fewer Brexiteers every day as they realise they were lied to on an industrial scale.....
Betting odds now point to Brexit delay — or even cancellation
A no deal Brexit is good for Putin Trump and vulture capitalists but not for the UK!
Fuck Brexit. . . . . ."Art is not a mirror held up to society but a hammer with which to shape it/ El arte no es un espejo para reflejar la realidad; sino un martillo para darle forma"…
#democracynow #paulmasonnews ' #PM #TheresaMay's #Brexitdeal #crushed yesterday #biggestdefeat for a sitting #UK. #government #modernhistory. "only piece of #legislation her #government elected to do. It is a #onetrickpony, #trick #failed," #DNlive
Fascist MPs
Brexit means exiting Britain! Fools!
Nigel Farage is what a leader looks, talks, and acts like. It’s a travesty he isn’t the Prime Minister instead of these whited sepulchres (May, Corbyn)....
The Withdrawal Agreement would have failed anyway. It is not Brexit in any meaningful sense.
Marina does the great trick of taking the head off politicians while leaving the body standing well except for David Davis were she reverses back over him a few times
Shutdown, Brexit wobble the West
FFS. We don’t want a GE, particularly one that you’ll probably lose, to peruse a Brexit deal that doesn’t exist. We’ve wasted enough time and opportunity with this stupid, selfish, pointless GE vanity project. Listen; #PeoplesVote
Billboard campaign reminds voters of MPs' Brexit promises
The compassionate #DWP starts May 15 2019
I'm getting really frustrated with this stupid politician. Just when I was mellowing and willing to accept a compromise, she fks about again! Shoulda known better! Easier to grip a wet bar of soap! #Brexit #BrexitVote
great speech by holding out and the #Scottish hand to work with and Labour Party and others to help resolve the Brexit mess. Seems only those humble enough will respond positively
Kidnapping Miyabi Hot and Sex Movies Click Link To Watch Movies: #2009vs2019challenge #Spiderman #spidermanTH #Venom #Movies #Gillete #TuesdayThoughts #NationalHatDay #Girl #GilletteAd #TheFlash #Brexit #SDLive #BBB19 #Videos #bbb2019 #WayVisCOMING
So the pro-Brexit people are the equivalent of Trumptards here?
Trump and Brexit are both making Vlad very happy. He has brainwashed and divided two once great nations. Let’s come back to our senses and get our country’s back! Kick Putin’s narrative to the curb! #PeoplesVote #ImpeachTrump
What does Brexit mean to your medical device company?
It's been confirmed. Brexit = no political union with Brussels. Didnt you know that?
You're out of your depth Mike.
I don't think a Twitter post from 2011 has much relevance to Brexit, does it...
I know PM have good intentions and want to deliver the best BREXIT for the nation but can't go through all the no confidence vote in the constitution, how many left after this one? Just go!!
True that covers Labour too.....Conservatives should deselect those who were elected on promises they had no intention of keeping (labour too) they are chameleons set up to damage a smooth brexit...ie saboteurs...
fantastic speech in #houseofcommons #nodeal is better than a #baddeal No Deal is not a permanent situation. It is the way forwards and the strongest negotiating position we have. Straight forward common sense. #Brexit
You come out with some shite brexit it is bad news for you and your gravy train
The survival of the EU is vastly more important to Germany and the other EU nations then the money we provide. It is the worlds biggest trading bloc and generates an incredible amount of money for the nations within it. The Brexit Impact reports have been done by some of the 1/
Kidnapping Miyabi Hot and Sex Movies Click Link To Watch Movies: #2009vs2019challenge #Spiderman #spidermanTH #Venom #Movies #Gillete #TuesdayThoughts #NationalHatDay #Girl #GilletteAd #TheFlash #Brexit #SDLive #BBB19 #Videos #bbb2019 #WayVisCOMING
Too true.... showing us all how the Tories used Brexit as a political hammer in a failed attempt to forge a single party out of this broken Conservative one, More proof, that you and your are unfit to lead, can't even help yourselves, how can you help the Country?
#KyoungJooKim just interviewed me on her #NYRadioKorea show. Topic: #Brexit
My favourite part about conservative politicians is that they like to jump on bandwagons that they know nothing about, which leads to a lot of embarrassing tweets in hindsight
Potential fallout after Theresa May’s crushing defeat on Brexit
Jeremy Corbyn calls the current government a ‘zombie Government’ yet if he was the leader of this country, the country would be more chaotic, rise in austerity, more job loss, another recession, a dysfunctional Brexit, a far left car crash. That is not in the national interest.
And nothing on this from . Just a constant repeating of the May message. Where have you gone BBC? #Brexit
He really has cracked Brexit
Billboard campaign reminds voters of MPs' Brexit promises
I've written to him 3 times on Brexit - totally ignored.
I put all the TVs in the gym onto BBC Parliament as I left. Hope the guy on the treadmill likes Brexit.
Corbyn and co are afraid to clearly state this as so many of his supporters are "Remain".
British newspapers are stockpiling ink and newsprint in the event of a disruptive Brexit
Waste sector seeks clarity following Brexit deal vote via
Frank Randle, Penzance (54): "Look the Public have spoken...and they said 'Fuck Off', or something." #PMQs #PeoplesVote #Brexit #BrexitVote #bbcqt #VictoriaLIVE #politicslive
DONT BREXIT, FIX IT #FBPE
Kidnapping Miyabi Hot and Sex Movies Click Link To Watch Movies: #2009vs2019challenge #Spiderman #spidermanTH #Venom #Movies #Gillete #TuesdayThoughts #NationalHatDay #Girl #GilletteAd #TheFlash #Brexit #SDLive #BBB19 #Videos #bbb2019 #WayVisCOMING
How did the governing folks in England ever manage to acquire an empire when it seems they can’t run their own country? Is the Union of Craic still off the cards? #brexit #brexitshambles
Not really any use frankly...
He ain't got a plan for brexit either! Corbin can go and fuck his own head!
Brexit: UK parliament disappoints some voters in Darby
Stop Brexit 'fantasies' and back People's Vote, bosses urge - Sky News
Here's everything you need to know about possible next steps #Brexit
Listening to serial misogynist Christopher Chope talking about a recent constituency meeting where 200 attended and were concerned about ‘their’ #brexit. Reckon that would’ve been the average age of attendees.
Ten year challenge? Awesome headline in #Brexit
A seismic couple of days in #Westminster - rest assured the #IsleofMan has been making preparations for various #Brexit eventualities for some time and we are working across government, with industry and with the UK Government to understand and mitigate for different scenarios.
Starting in just a couple of minutes, it's with our friend filling in - listen on-air at 91.7 or 88.5, online at or streaming on our app or your smart speaker.
It's not about a deal, we voted to leave and if we don't then we no longer live in a democratic country
You're such a D*#k.
Kidnapping Miyabi Hot and Sex Movies Click Link To Watch Movies: #2009vs2019challenge #Spiderman #spidermanTH #Venom #Movies #Gillete #TuesdayThoughts #NationalHatDay #Girl #GilletteAd #TheFlash #Brexit #SDLive #BBB19 #Videos #bbb2019 #WayVisCOMING
Disagree. She could press against them when they dance, make them think they stand a chance, then refuse to see it through. That's the worst thing she could do.
Our cat did a passing impression of #Brexit last night. He sat by the back door and when I opened it to let him out he just sat there...
Andrea...I'm a Labour member...but the last thing we need is a change of government just now. You'd expect me to say many of the Tory social policies are cruel and unnecessary... they are but we need Brexit over and the big decisions made..then we can sort much needed social refm
A compromise that is overwhelmingly rejected by one party is not “the best compromise”. Our European businesses have a huge trade surplus with the UK, and we must negotiate again, again and again. Economic failure only benefits extremists, whether in EU or UK.
True KGB Thug #Putin Wins The Cold War With #Trump’s Help Without Firing A Shot!
Excellent blog by on Citizens' assemblies and their ancient precedents "
Bastard
I stated after #Brexit, leave #EU, votes win in #UK- the next #Conservatives PM will not be a sad pro Brexit entity. Cue .
Brexit Bedsht Shirt T-Shirt #Brexit #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote #WednesdayWisdom #Chaos via
The patterns of Brexit and Trump are breathtaking... and not in a good way. I have thought from the beginning that the two were connected
Remainer Lords will hijack Brexit and force Britain to stay in EU customs union that is not what the £9m leaflet said or Cameron/ leave means leaving CU and SM time to axe them now
Irish PM denies having secret no-deal Brexit plan for border checks. Leo Varadkar accused by opposition of keeping plans for Irish border from public.
Kidnapping Miyabi Hot and Sex Movies Click Link To Watch Movies: #2009vs2019challenge #Spiderman #spidermanTH #Venom #Movies #Gillete #TuesdayThoughts #NationalHatDay #Girl #GilletteAd #TheFlash #Brexit #SDLive #BBB19 #Videos #bbb2019 #WayVisCOMING
Not sure if you noticed but May has been unable to deliver Brexit. Way it is going we could remain in the Customs Union anyway. A #PeoplesVote would give us a chance to chose between Mays deal and No deal. What would be so bad about letting the people decide?
Too late in the day I think. No GE will happen until after Brexit unless Tories begin making gains and feel confident of a majority. Even then, a GE is unlikely as look at the amount of rebels they have now.
I can’t accept it. The country voted. We had a choice, it didn’t go my way &amp; from day one all I read was people wanting to campaign to change the result. This was before “we knew what Brexit looks like” Can’t keep voting until people get the result they want.
Given the clusterfucks that the Brexit has been and is still, I can only wonder how the Brits managed to colonise the entire world so seamlessly when they did
« Two issues have dominated the UK over the last twelve months: Brexit and antisemitism in the Labour Party. The politics of both debates turn out to have much in common. Conflicting national narratives; opposing...
5% VAT cut if we leave EU &amp; we get back 25% of the Eurobank, ECB, which we financed. skynews #skypapers #bbcpapers #bbcnews #lbclive #lbc #talkradio #london #ukip #cityoflondon #bbcswitchoff #brexit #remain #leave #altnews #realnews #yellowvestsuk #nodealBrexit #Brexit_WTO
Totally!
Perhaps it would be prudent to let us know what the Labour policy is on Brexit. I say this as a Labour supporter.
I fear that to rush into another 2. ref. would only confirm the result of the first one and result Brexit would be cemented for decades to come; that alone would be a danger for the peace in Europe (we in our lifetime can enjoy hopefully but what is about future generations?).2/
Ciara, I was listening to your show today and I wondered why you think its ok to call Corbyn a buffoon. Not Theresa May who is probably the worst PM in history. NotVaradkar who rules over the worst homeless crisis in our history. It's unacceptable biased reporting.
in the light of yesterday’s vote, what chance of a World Cup of brexit options next up? I mean, it can’t be any worse a way to decide this shitshow?
Twice he’s voted against the PM. He was key in the Conservative no confidence vote and yesterday he voted against her Brexit plan. We all know he wants the purest of pure Brexit whilst protecting his own investment firm. He’s a snake with a posh accent.
Christopher Chope is one of the most loathsome, meak figures to ever sit in parliament. His speech right now shows him to be just as devoid of sense or knowledge as he is moral fibre. #NoConfidenceVote #brexit #PMQs #BrexitVote #ToriesOut
Do we even know where Corbyn stands on Brexit or any serious way out of this mess?
I think brexit should be stopped indefinitely. A ‘new deal’ should be investigated cross party then that should be brought before parliament. Only then another vote be considered. Asking the same question will take us no further The public need to know the terms of leaving.
Theresa May expected to survive no confidence vote but Brexit fight goes on - Metro
Theresa of Great Britain took a chance yesterday. Implored the people Vote for Brexit, come what May! But the masses revolted, her future, and Brexit's, unsure. We can commisserate with the Brits and chaos jointly endure. #Brexit #BrexitVote #brexitdebate
of course he doesnt regret dooming our country bc he fucked off right after the pig fucking twat
Do you actually have a Twitter account which deals with politics? I am finding these jokes most irritating: I want to know what you’re doing for Brexit and what you’re doing for our area. I’m assuming that I am following the wrong account? #nojokingmatter #MPs
So if it doesn’t need a hard border for a hard Brexit - how will you control customs and immigration? Magic?
Brexit: EU opens door to further trade negotiations if Theresa May ditches red lines. Just what kind of idiot is Barnier? Do he and his other idiots not know what red lines are? Did the EU tell us that this was the only deal possible and there could be no changes to it?
Last night I spoke to about #Brexit and why I voted against the PM's deal. The PM’s deal was roundly rejected and I am optimistic MPs can find a way through this mess. There is cross-party agreement against no-deal Brexit. Watch from 13:30 here:
And replace one Brexit supporting government with another? I ended my lifelong labour membership for this reason.
Just get on with a no deal Brexit for Gods sake
'Brexit': TV Review - The Hollywood Reporter
All before 29th of March.
And the vote yesterday at the parliament have put them even more in the driving seat on Brexit.
Translation: I don’t regret tearing this country apart cause I’m fucking minted and benefitting from this tralalalala bye.
Its seems you and Theresa have been rumbled #brexitCon
SA market close - $USDZAR at R13.71, $EURZAR at R15.62 and $GBPZAR at R17.65. #Shutdown in the US drags on, #Brexit turmoil continues...and the Rand continues to benefit! Live Rates here: #usdzar #EURZAR #GBPZAR #Rand #ZAR
. Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
He should be at The Hague
German minister says UK should be given more time on Brexit - #lbc #talkradio
and then what, even if Labour won they would be up against the same brick wall , with Brusells and with Mps in both parties who all want things done their way ?....it would be lose lose all round....only option, No Deal...
Look for Brexit clarity by early February
I know very little about #Brexit politics and even less about UK politics more broadly, but John Bercow is amazing.
Absolutely outrageous attitude from our PM. To use a phrase she is fond of. Nothing has changed. She remains an embarrassment. She remains a danger to our 2 unions, our prosperity and our democracy. I despair! We need saving fr9m her #NoConfidence #RevokeA50 #StopBrexit
Seems to me like Corbyn’s best bet is to promise another Brexit referendum and hope people’s eyes are a little wider than in 2016. Plus would appease the Remainers in Labour.
When you are really sick of brexit, the lies, political shenanigans &amp; shameful posturing, this comes along &amp; you realise what how wonderful life is. Oh, the sheer joy in this wee film.
No deal means NO BREXIT. JUST STAY FOR CHRIST SAKE!
I was with my 96-year-old Dad at lunch. He was looking at a photo of school friends taken in 1939 when they were all 17, all born in 1922 like Tomasz. One killed at D-day another in Burma. Five were dead by 1945. And those were just the ones he could remember.
And there you go, if she wont listen to the likes of , who will she listen to. Total impasse. Not really willing to discuss options unless it's May's options.
That’s one view. No one trades on WTO alone except Mauritiana. Here’s another view.
Reality bites. Theresa May lost the Brexit vote because Brexit was a lie via
It's been confirmed. Brexit = no political union with Brussels. Didnt you know that?
This has been said and repeated so many times but always good to RT. Whatever you think of , frank and honest! Also a clear message to all the populists and their lies #BrexitShambles
I love how the people who wanted to take back “sovereignty” are now whining about other countries not helping them do Brexit
You think that's exciting, you should have been there last night for the debate after the Brexit vote on rail services at Chester-le-Street station...
What’s wrong with his leadership ability? He has a stable shadow cabinet...that can’t be said for May? And the Brexit argument is a tight-rope...what would you have him do?
Don't know if its legit - but seen it elsewhere too.. The crucial point I think is that it can only operate if you are actively negotiating a FTA.
Why are we not surprised? If he was a person of substance, he wouldn’t have thrown the towel in after the 2016 referendum. All PMs have an ego and want their legacy not to be one that’s looked back upon as atrocious. History *will* judge him for Brexit.
Daniel Johnson on populism in the EU - and how May could still save Brexit
Brexit defeat: #Stourbridge MP voted in vain for PM ’s ill-fated EU (and Euratom) WithDrawal Bill Euratom exit threat to local radiotherapy supplies:
The Brexit Express.
Jaguar Land Rover's decision to reduce output &amp; to build a production facility elsewhere was not made due to Brexit. There were other overriding factors, as is almost always the case with global companies
When I was 8 I bit into an onion like an apple out of stubbornness then I tried to act like I really liked it and my tiny mouth wasn't on fire, I'm not trying to say I see similarities but...
NEW | MPs call to expand post-Brexit green programme across whole government By :
When Brexit's stopped, let's turn to important issues, like banning backpacks and umbrellas from urban areas...
WREXITEER Theresa May Chosen to Deliberately Wreck Brexit, Trigger Second Referendum That Will Be Rigged For Bremain -
By allowing 5 million people to come to the U.K. and changing U.K. forever, Blair is responsible for the Brexit vote. The bitter sweet irony of it all.
He thinks hes mystic peg now
Currencies: Pound wobbles after May’s Brexit defeat, as lawmakers debate no-confidence vote #WallSt January 16, 2019
we now no so much more than we did in #2016 , we were fed a diet of lies,scare stories, n exaggeration. Y r u being so bloody stubborn,there’s no crime in changing yr mind wen having the full facts. So call a #PeoplesVoteNow #brexit #referendum #TeresaMay
Whitehall approach led to a 'Remainer's Brexit' - Davis via
Hold a Second Brexit Referendum via
British politics goes over a cliff – POLITICO
. CHPI is definitely worth following.
And this is why I cannot ever support Corbyn. Him and May deserve each other.
I forgot that the Brexit movie actually exists
There cannot, in any event be a hard #border with #customs etc. On the island of #ireland #FiannaFail
The essence of Brexit is immigration. Getting rid of freedom of movement (totally mental) &amp; keeping NI in UK means a border in Ireland. Which is unacceptable to EU &amp; contravenes GFA. This is a situation that doesn’t have a solution and by default NO DEAL looms ever larger.
Gina Miller’s no-Brexit book RISE foreshadowed the debacle and a new role for Black Britons in the public realm.
It's never too soon to hope. Hope is the only thing keeping us alive. We hope tomorrow will be better. We hope the pain will stop. We hope that we don't fart when kneeling before the Queen. However... we KNOW that Brexit is dead!
The British government suffered the greatest defeat since 1924 over #Brexit. But they will win the Confidence vote tonight because, no matter what is done to ordinary people, MPs will be determined to protect their own jobs. Stupidity of the highest order.
A 'no deal' Brexit is best for Britain and the United States
If there is another referendum, we MUST vote in it and WIN it for leave, or else we are rolling over and letting them win without a fight. If they rig it, steal it, or refuse to implement it again, THEN boycott democracy.
Only one thing matters to Theresa May. Power.
Perhap Macron should concentrate on the state of his own country and the #GiletsJaunes . France has more to lose than Great Britain.
Today came on the show to talk about the #brexit vote and what comes next - Have a listen to his thoughts on vlatility- Bob agreed with Mark Carney it's here to stay
Err, Remain still best option...
"Very responsibly the Prime Minister is testing out the nations path in the future for herself. "
Indeed. The British government continues to explore ways of avoiding it and parliament does not want it.
And while all eyes were on Westminster...
Scunthorpe MP Nic Dakin says 'Theresa May would be clearing out her desk in any other job'
May Says New Election Would Extend Article 50, 'Worst Thing' for Country, Brexit: via
From the archive: Dublin Review of Books ( ) on #Brexit and the history of English exceptionalism.(2017)
Yes she did - over 10 years and not starting til after Brexit and if you believe that I'm happy for you but as with every other financial pledge made by the Tories it will falter and fall the wayside
Piers megs lineker
What on earth is Sir Christopher Chope wobbling on about in the confidence debate ? His wealthy Christchurch constituents haven’t anything to lose with a no deal Brexit
The US collapsing under Trump is tragic but not too surprising, the US has been a mess most of its history and was headed to a kind of fascism of a while, but the UK was exceptional, an ancient society that seemed to be a secure democracy, then #Brexit and #Cameron came along
Here he comes! #Brexit
I prefer the Banksy
Scotland's Brexit Secretary has called on the UK Government to rule out a no-deal exit from the European Union "now and forever"
Caused the UK end of the GFC by removing City regulation and toadying to bankers. Deflated wages and conditions for the settled working class through EU enlargement without ending FoM, which in turn caused Brexit
The Government must force the EU back to the negotiating table while preparing for a WTO Brexit via
doesn't this answer your question?
the one bright spot of #brexit is that there has not been a noticeable decrease in international students to UK universities
Billboard campaign reminds voters of MPs' Brexit promises: -
Let’s add “Hard Brexit” to that list for !
June &amp; November 2016 set a race between UK &amp; US for their awful electoral decisions (both misinformed and likely corrupt). Seems that the finishing line's close. Seems that #Brexit's soon to be abandoned, but US is catching up because #Trump looks set on a steeper spiral to jail.
2nd Ref. There's no magic deal, so it's No Deal Brexit vs Remain. Finally, clarity. Time to choose. No Deal Brexit and accept the consequences and the risks or forget the whole idea and move on. Time to decide. The clock's ticking.
Brexit is a case where the wheels fell off the car. It requires a long visit in the shop before a driver would be of use #Libertarian
Paid for by my fucking TV licence fee
She thinks she's untouchable
#Brexit one thing people are not thinking about, as being in pilot area for voter ID the Tories are rolling this out across the UK this will have a huge impact on people ability to vote. Go to a polling station you will need ID to vote. In Bromley trials 535 ppl were denied vote
We have had enough "help" and "friendship" from the British thank you very much. We want to remain part of the EU. We want no part of your xenophobic propaganda driven Brexit, That's if it even happens.
...says the man who has thousands of protesters on the streets of France on a weekly basis! If he tries to disrupt the sale of French goods to the UK, and vice versa, I think that he would find out that he would be the biggest loser! #Brexit
A tad ott love
Livid about the abject nonsense that is HS2, but applaud you without reservation for your tireless work to expose Brexit for the nonsense it is and people's vote. Hey, no-one's perfect. Keep up the good work.
Thank you brexit
I have great respect for Ian Blackford but his position regarding Brexit is v simple. Scotland voted to Remain so a PV is a good option. Jeremy Corbyn on the other hand has 2/3 of Lab constituencies who voted Leave and 2/3 members who voted Remain. It’s like steering the Titanic.
Can you secure then those #EUcitizens who automatically #Settled under Maastricht and Lisbon Treaties, will have offered the British citizenship if they decide to stay or compensation if they decide to leave?
I’m at the point of ‘fuck it, they deserve what’s coming’
I thought this was a perfect comment on your interview this morning re Brexit. Kudos.
And no one is doing anything about it.
how's that? was regarding brexit
Preach, brother. Preach.
#UK #UKIP #BREXIT propaganda, that #NHS benefits by leaving #EU was a complete lie. That tells what the- leave camp is made of.
There's this in Brasil, Brexit in England, Yellow Vests in France, and common man support for Trump in the US. We are poised for significant revolutions around the world. They might not be blood in the streets revolution, hope not, but people are standing up. I stand with them.
We were promised leave means leave. In the country, there are a great many of us who were from the start wanting a clean break brexit, and any disruption has been priced into expectations. We do not want to be part of a federal project
Man, if only the Brexit deal got 420 noes to the left. That would’ve been a funny number to hear them say
Brexit vote: Why the landslide defeat of Theresa May's deal matters to the U.S.
#ThingsThatAreBadForYourHealth Brexit!
Does this mean we need to start hoarding donuts in case of Brexit?
should concentrate on his job in London. To take advice of from him, a failure of a Mayor, would be the height of stupidity!
JRM Billboard campaign reminds voters of MPs' Brexit promises #RevokeArticle50 #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote
Ref has happened. Anything else (until suchtime as Brexit has actually been implemented) is undemocratic.
I really don't think they care, once the NHS is gone in Brexit they can relax for a generation before trying to come back to power. The political landscape is beyond recognition at the moment.
You may have to fill in a few forms and pay a tenner or so. I’m so sorry if Brexit has crushed your dream of no paperwork required to cross the Channel. You probably also won’t want to visit any other country in the world that requires you to fill in a landing card.
EU don't do deals,they DICTATE them for other to OBEY. EU/GERMANY from day one wanted to punish UK for brexit and they doing that to deter others from leaving. ‘NO RENEGOTIATION’ Merkel smashes Brexit hopes and says Article 50 extension is ‘FICTION’
Phillip Schofield in shock as woman stockpiles MONTHS of food in fear of Brexit: This Morning's Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby spoke to Nevine Mann, who has months worth of food ready in case there's no deal
#European #stocks, #banks gain after #Brexit deal defeat while #UK_ shares lag | CBC News #economy
Brexit Meltdown as Theresa May is Massively Defeated on Her Crappy Deal via
Hay Dominic Grieve how much money is Soros paying you to turn traitor.
This is literally me and almost all of my non-immediate family.
Ok, So Where The Hell Does Brexit Go From Here?
Brexit second referendum: Which MPs have called for a People's Vote?: Theresa May is still reeling from a humiliating defeat after MPs voted overwhelmingly to reject her Brexit deal.
Rock on Vince!
Can we get a vote to ditch this bloke? Landslide I reckon
According to the independent UK Trade Policy Observatory analysis 54,244 jobs in Yorkshire and the Humber would be lost in the case of No Deal Brexit. #NoDealNoChance
The EU reacts to last night's vote with growing fears of a no-deal Brexit on the continent. Barnier warns the EU is stepping up contingency plans for that scenario. My report in
Brexit was the Trump road map.
German carmakers warn of ‘FATAL’ consequences of no deal - 'Jobs are ON THE LINE’
Who acutally gives a fuck about brexit anymore
“reaching out” to the House &amp; pointedly ignoring HM Official Opposition in reaching out. Continuing to box herself in with”red lines. In denial of yesterday’s crushing defeat. Only one option for her: GO. She’s failed the country. Utterly. #Brexit #NoConfidenceMotion
I'm no as confident. I think the point I'm trying to make is whether it's Brexit or independence it's gonna be a shit show for a while so just sit back n enjoy it.
Where Does Brexit Go From Here?
"Didn't you say we'd be giving back 350m quid a week to the NHS after Brexit" "I can't remember, it's pretty irrelevant.." #Brexit
After Defeat on Brexit Plan, Theresa May Faces No-Confidence Vote via
May &amp; you lot have played politics with Brexit since the day she became PM. Never in the national interest, always in the interest of the Tory party.She's a self serving parasite.
Anyone else think the persistent references to unicorns only serves to show the limited imagination of Remainers? Can't they think of any other mythical creatures? No wonder they can't see the potential of #Brexit; they clearly only regurgitate what they've been told!
Agreed. Our position there gives us more leverage globally that we will ever give up. Sucks, cuz I kinda wanted to see Europe spaz out. Welp, there's always Brexit
Post-Brexit UK looks to add military bases - SBS News...
England is falling apart over Brexit. We’re in a crisis over the shut down &amp; Admin Investigations. POOtin is laughing as Russia celebrates it’s success.
May Says New Election Would Extend Article 50, 'Worst Thing' for Country, Brexit: via
And they look set to lose seats to the SNP according to current polling. Imagine how badly they're going to do if they facilitate a new deal brexit. Still, there's someone from London here to explain how we're getting it all wrong.
HRH certainly commands more respect and has more credibility than that little shit Bercow.
Hmmm, could we send them all there, and then have Brexit without them? Seems like they would prefer it over there.
That’ll sort it...
Irish PM denies having secret no-deal Brexit plan for border checks: -
Brexit: May will liefern
Brexit: What happens now? Helpful Q and A on the many potential twists and turns in the UK’s and tortuous road out of the European Union.
It seems that if you come from a privileged background you must be drilled in ' never admitting you're wrong'. So much so that you actually believe you're always right.
will there be a second referendum??? i wonder if the result will stay the same #brexit
Brexit or Gillette??
Brexit : « Enough is enough » via
On Canadian news last night, and this is true, the funny bit at the end was them laughing at Brexit.
For gods' sake. Membership of any party is NOT going to change Brexit! Brexit is not even, strictly speaking, a party issue. #peoplesvote would involve anyone who feels it. Party membership not relevant. #stopbrexit
can someone please explain why at school we were given detentions for checking the time on our phones when politicians are texting away in parliament when they need to figure out what’s going down with the brexit deal?
Davis is being grilled by the brexit sleect comittee as predicted he is blaming everyone but himself for the utter failure of the talks
40-45 per chance of a second referendum in U.K. says - though result isn’t clear. #brexit
I am here - hiding from all the crap that is Brexit
A really good statement you made today re Negotiating skills. Sadly the PM didn't follow these and the result is this mess. Did she hold back David Davis &amp; Dominic Rabb ? #Brexit
Thanks for this thread!
Brexit deal dead and markets couldn’t care less… Boom Bust asks why
I agree that is it is another issue. However,Democracy does age discriminate when it comes to the BREXIT referendum, it is outright disgusting that a vote on the E.U was done without the electorate including 16-17 year olds as it affects us the most #ourfutureourchoice
Ex Labour. Will not vote for a Brexit enabling Labour Party. There's quite a few of us, certainly more than 1%.
AM-DESK — Brexit providing basis for wave of vicious hate crime in UK, says Stephen Fry
#Brexit Every time i see Vince Cable on TV i cant help thinking...
Lawyer who brought about last night's vote calls for a second referendum
Here you go...
Send lawyers, guns and money, the Brits are in the fan!
In his #brexit legal advice the attorney general Geoffrey Cox confirmed that in the Northern Ireland backstop different parts of UK would be in both a + the customs union /
It’s pronounced Brex-it not Br-eggs-it. #Brexit
Spotted Austrians prepping for no deal Brexit.
No, she can't. Brexit looming closer will force her hand one way or the other.
Kevin - what media bubble are you in? Corbyn mentioned brexit and other vital issues of importance to the electorate aside from brexit like food banks, poverty and cuts - he seriously rubbed salt in May's wounds today!
Jeremy Corbyn accuses Theresa May of being 'in denial' over Brexit deal: #Brexit #TheresaMay
Well cards on the table, I’m a massive fan, but then I work and admire some of his colleagues who’s views on Brexit I totally disagree with, although that doesn’t include Soubry or Wollaston who I would never work with as a matter of principle
Why Brexit is a living hell for Jeremy Corbyn... not just Theresa May
We don't want any damned Brexit, we need an anti-austerity gov't pdq to stop the cull of sick, disabled, &amp; poor ppl, then re-think about stopping Brexit.
They argue that the people that voted for them didn't want representation in uk. Look at the damage farage did in the EU parliament. Imagine what 7 articulate educated Sfers could do for their cause in Westminster. Even if they just helped to stop brexit .
Thank you for not supporting this.
Now they want to think again. Post deal fail, Too Late she cried : GERMAN MEP Hans-Olaf Henkel has warned it is now up to the European Union to do something to resolve the Brexit deadlock or risk a “terrible” no deal Brexit following Theresa May’s bruising Brexit defeat.
#Brexit making you suicidal? Then slowly kill yourself with these official Brexit Souvenir Cigarettes. #may #boris #mogg #farage #brexitfags #NoConfidenceVote #wankersoftheworld
"Chaos, division and delay" have been May's primary objectives over the last two years of multiple Brexit ministers, parliamentary evasion and political prevarication. We now need a Government of National Unity and a #PeoplesVote to sort out this hideous mess once and for all.
A reminder that intellectual rigour isn't a prerequisite for being an MP in the UK parliament. #Brexit #ChristopherChope
Another #SNP Dopey goon! He has no clout.
ARE YOU UNDECIDED ABOUT BUYING A HOME IN SPAIN BECAUSE OF BREXIT AND ITS CONSEQUENCES ?... Be aware that you may be in a position (come the end of March 2019) to take advantage of Spain's Investors Residency Law....
Billboard campaign reminds voters of MPs' Brexit promises
Brexit predictions from the man who called the referendum for Remain on the night of the vote. Almost as useful as Budget forecasts from pension experts...
Two valleys boys go at it over Brexit, but they are a lot more civilised with one another than our political leaders and most of their followers have been for the past two years...
It is the best option in my view but who will be brave enough to enact it. Peoples vote is my second option.
BREXIT. Trump stated on 06/24/16: "They took their country back..." This untimely interference in British policy was uncalled for by pol. novice Trump. Putin loves Brexit &amp; Trump follows suit, w/o knowing why! Now Putin works on dismantling NATO, EU, US elections, playing DJT.
London house prices continue to fall as Brexit uncertainties remain
Good.
Nothing else matters to this appalling government “Civil servants could be temporarily moved from education department to work on no-deal Brexit, MPs told” ##GTTO
Why would Corbyn want a general election, won't have an outright majority, may not be the largest party and could lose seat to #LibDems if they stand on a brexit manifesto #afternoonlive
#BREXIT, leave #EU voters, #UKIP will LIVE to MOAN about existance of '#Immigrants' in #UK -lack of self confidence/ satisfaction. Similarly voters.
Brexit happened because of the mass immigration of low skilled workers into exclusively working class areas, lowering wages and changing the very nature of those communities. Money can bring you almost anything, except insight born of experience.
Luisa sparks joy: "I feel like maybe Marie Kondo's next project should be the British government." - "Time to fold it." #brexit #mariekondo
They all seem to be deluded thinking Brexit will not affect there life. Call it the Y2K bug
Nice to see that has just been mentioned in today’s Guardian.
It does, doesn’t it ? But only possible conclusion from your lack of action is that you now think, contrary to the wishes of most of your constituents and party members, that we should Leave.
Much as I dislike Umunna, May is not going to try to talk to anyone looking for a softer Brexit let alone a People’s Vote.
2016 footage uncovered of David Cameron on the day the results were announced #brexit
pro tip: being able to rent a private aircraft is a pretty elite thing to do. Although nice cover with the vague politician mumbo jumbo and not being able to remember the cost. #Elite #foolingnoone #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Read this thread on #brexit ... just fix it! #BrexitVote #BrexitChaos
UK friends, would you please explain something to me? Why would Corbyn table the no-confidence vote rather than have it right away when an unusual alliance was flush with bringing down May’a terrible Brexit deal? (American confused by parliaments.)
he was in power and delivered the brexit ref. and for the record we will leave on the 29th March, 2019 - it IS the law
Merkel rules out any renegotiation of the brexit deal &amp; also says extending article 50 is fiction.
Donald Trump- Welcome U.K. I have the honour declaring you the 78th state of the USA Thanks Donald, says Theresa, can I still hold your hand? Fuck off, I don't fraternise with the staff... So I suppose a dance is out of the question? #brexit #ToryBrexitShambles #LabourParty
What were those bargaining positions? And why would the EU give us concessions that undermine it's founding principles?
Brexit vs Brexit is not exactly given voters a choice
She needs to champion WTO Brexit.
The only way to live in harmony is to respect the referendum results = uphold and implement #Brexit. #Remainers are free to campaign for another future Ref. as is the case with the Scottish Indy. That's what people do in sports, accept results but live to fight another day.
And pointless... No legal force &amp; can be changed by anyone anytime, as he has pointed out many times... He's just freestyling because they have no meaningful policy... #Brexit #farce
are game playing. Will do anything to stall / not accede to #PeoplesVoteNow or indeed ever. Will still play for time and 'explore options' as time runs out. Just be honest you are against PV &amp; for #Brexit, just as #Maybot is.
Crossy’s Dolores O’Riordan tweet &gt; endlessly blathering on about Brexit forever
Nancy Pelosi &amp; Chuck Schumer = Brexit which = Deep Sate which = stand your ground Mr. President they need to go ! They need to Deal !
a great glimpse into the mindset of a hardcore Brexit voter
If the UK voters get a do-over on Brexit, I think US voters should get a do-over on the 2016 Presidential election.
Macron knows he doesnt see certainty from outside UK, just that Politicians will try and ask for more, that they are unlikely to get.
People vote based on life experience and if motivation for Brexit, for the poor and poorly educated, is immigration it’s probably because they live in areas alongside immigrants and the challenges that brings.
Petition: Brexit re article 50 it must not be suspended/stopped under any circumstances
U.K. Parliament Roundly Rejects May's Brexit Plan
If Britain has another referndum on Brexit, and votes to remain, it will become the laughingstock of the world and will still lose hugely.
#PMQs now tories arguing about brexit amongst themselves - in la la land and really know it and too cowardly to ask voters if they are fit or able to govern - NO would be the answer and they fear that and
Time until BREXIT is 72 days, 07 hours, 59 minutes and 59 seconds #BREXIT #BREXITCLOCK #CLOCK #EU #EUREF #LEAVE #ScotRef #Indyref #Indyref2 #FBPE From our friends - Looking for a new Heat Press? - Stahls Clam Basic #HeatPress #HTV
Yep. - Clip from just before Ref result. It’s all good, but watch from 16mins - on trade. Certain members of the 52 will probably ignore this because he’s only an expert.
You helped to create this mess, Davis. Stop trying to shift the blame and own your shit. Whitehall approach led to a 'Remainer's Brexit' - Davis via
This is the greatest pieces of shit after al shabaab
Today at 3.15 on tune into ‘s Dr Luc-Andre Brunet. With the historic vote yesterday on #Brexit his #OUOpenTALKS lecture on why UK originally joined the #EC was very timely. Watch here #OU50
You may laugh but this is a serious issue for those of us who deliver leaflets - as well as dogs lurking waiting to bite, letter boxes that are ridiculously strongly sprung, and ones with impenetrable bushy draft-excluders... x
There are 1724 hours until #Brexit - For a realtime countdown clock, visit
There are 1724 hours until we leave the World's largest trading bloc. It might sound crazy, but own Government has recommended that #UK Companies establish a presence there. Germany, anyone? #GmbH #Brexit #SingleMarket
Confidence or uncertainty in 2019? - Dave MacLellan, executive director of reports on the results of a business confidence survey taken by the organisations' members: Register for free and read it online here: #lasers #industry #Brexit #2019
What does the Prime Minister not get? Her deal was rejected. No amount of tinkering will turn a bad deal into a good deal. Either go for Brexit on WTO rules or stay in the EU. Simple choice. We don't want half in, half out.
Kerry Oireachtas Chair says only way to resolve Brexit impasse is another referendum:
Yes I agree with you Matthias the problem weve got is theirs to many MPs not for the people
Pound wobbles as uncertainty swirls after May’s Brexit defeat.
Hove MP Peter Kyle and Theresa May on new EU referendum.
Now we are have the Greeks as a topic..let us focus on Brexit...will it happen...maybe...maybe not...who knows...there is no plan...no majority for anything...2 years are really too short to figure all this out, right? ;-) What a kindergarten
Exactly. Neither part of this island voted for Brexit yet are being hugely inconvenienced by it. It's time for HMG to be truthful if they intend taking actions which they know will likely result in the imposition of a hard border (which I assume they do given backstop complaints)
Don't you know who i am and what i do???? Pfffttt do i know what all brexit is about...... Errrr yeah of course i do it means theppl of great Britain voted to leave and we haven't where have you been last 2 years
Lavrov on Brexit: Russia will cooperate with UK and EU, whatever the outcome
Love gyaan: 5 ways Brexit taught us how NOT to break up
The defeat of the #Brexit deal forms part of a broader trend in #British #politics in which new precedents have been set. Read our full article about Brexit:
I think the only sensible further referendum would ask the question: soft Brexit or remain? but we're clearly not in a political situation yet where that's a legitimate or realistic question.
UK lawmakers on Tuesday vote down the #Brexit #WithdrawalAgreement negotiated with the EU over Britain's departure from the bloc, in a historic defeat that will define Britain's future for decades.
Putin UK practice run for US. Tear the country apart with dissent. Withdraw from international treaties (Brexit). Scotland Wales and N. Ireland voted to stay in Europe will withdraw from UK if there is not another referendum on Euro Withdrawal. #vladamirtrump #wheresthepesos
Kerry Oireachtas Chair says only way to resolve Brexit impasse is another referendum:
While all the arguing and political maneuvering is going on in Westminster over Brexit, it's cuts to the NHS that former nurse and author Christie Watson says are already having brutal consequences
Banks Warn of Impending 1930s-Type ‘Catastrophe’ As No-Deal Brexit Looms #Brexit #catastrophe #UK
It's important to remember that, as this #NoConfidence motion is debated, there are huge issues - other than #Brexit - affecting people in this country. If a #GeneralElection is held, what issue would be most important to you, and why? We'd love to hear your thoughts!
This tweet, "RT NeilCattermull: Brexit? What Brexit - get some relief from the politics and pop along to the 1st Oracle OpenWorld in Europe, yes ever!…" has been retweeted 6 times.
Brexit is 1736 hours away. #brexit
HotaineNet Trending: Brexit vote: Donald Tusk hints UK should stay in EU
NO greater threat than a free brexit. We MUST do everything possible to ensure we get a peaceful brexit, like we voted for!
. #Brexit News, China Stimulus, Bank #Earnings Leave #Investors With Plenty To Chew On #stocks #stockmarket
NEW VIDEO by RT: 'Catastrophic Defeat': UK Parliament rejects #TheresaMay's #Brexit deal
Shouts to my American cousin (and former mathlete) Sam, who has taken the Schrodinger's Brexit idea to the level of quantum physics. "The Brexit deal could be expressed as a wave function", lol ffs
Steve Hilton: Original intent of Brexit - restoring freedom and sovereignty - buried by inept bureaucrats #FoxNews
Blame brexit
Look for Brexit clarity by early February
If he goes home to his old fatherland, perhaps he could just stay there
The BFC says that the looming No Deal Brexit we’re currently facing is “a scenario that should be avoided at all costs.”
Theresa May's Historic Defeat On Brexit Has Blown Up Downing Street's Plan For What To Do Next - BuzzFeed UK
What happens on Twitter, doesn't have to stay on Twitter:
A distraction from what ? Only the Second Coming could distract from the chaotic mess your Government has made of Brexit.
The New York Times on Brexit: "The question now is whether the leadership on both sides has the will, imagination or character to reach out to the other and avoid a no-deal disaster. There’s nothing in their careers to suggest that is so."
Top hashtags right now from tweets geolocated in Belgium: #Brexit, #10yearchallenge and #bathroom &gt;
Except it's not non stop talk of brexit on the radio that's the only difference
THIS year is set to be one of big change, but while no one can predict the outcome of Brexit, there are some big tax alterations coming into play which are thankfully more foreseeable.
Today’s top pics: Brexit deal rejection to bring chaos and more
The prequel of what the brexit negotiations would be like were already clear following his failed EU renegotiations, prolly why he left. But succumbing to the right was probably in retrospect not clearly thought out.
Seizing control of Brexit - UK in a changing Europe
Is it significant that business is now calling for a second EU referendum?
Brilliant as ever.
Benched by Brexit, Britain seems unable to think of much else — and the political brawl is far from over
Hear, hear. I wouldn’t have survived Brexit without MH. Thank you, Marina.
Balfour boss in Brexit blast at Chancellor - Open Plan Solutions | St. Albans |
Garry, How will the crisp industry be affected by Brexit, be nice to from an expert
Theresa May to face no-confidence motion following defeat over Brexit deal
This video always makes me more emotional than it should. Brexit doesn't help.
As May's Chequers proposal was so roundly defeated last night, now would be a good time to bring back David Davis and his plan that she overrode. May should retire asap or she's in danger of losing Brexit and breaking up the country (Scotland, Northern Ireland)
So many things in this article that are scary and Putin is front center in all of it:
Long way to go to bring Britain back together after Brexit vote: PM May #news
Many suspect that today’s #BrexitVote will fail, and could result in a no-deal #Brexit with untold consequences on the #property industry. Our CEO, , has some suggestions for #estateagents on how to insulate against a no-deal via :
What will happen first? #Brexit or #toolalbum
Michel Barnier admits EU has never been so afraid of no deal and demands UK breaks Brexit deadlock
What do commentators across Europe think about the state of Brexit? “It is almost certainly the case that in recent European history, absent a threat of actual war, no country has landed itself in such complete and utter chaos,”
Top news for Wednesday, 16th Jan 19 #brexit #vote #may #sanjiv #khanna #supreme #quota #institutions #bond #record #doctor #appointment #sc
REMEMBER THIS May's SO CALLED Government is as "STRONG AND STABLE" as a jelly nailed to the wall
Well, he was quite good at some details of Brexit but the net win ended up negative for me. (I police the boundaries of my bubble vigorously, I am scandalously partisan.)
Having a scary time reading the blogs I wrote around the time of the EU referendum.
Challenge for second #Brexit referendum - May opposes, Corbyn opposes, &amp; relatively few Labour MPs support
Calling for a second referendum give the Tories another chance to negotiate Brexit don't let them mess up again.
#brexit #brexitvote #politicslive bbc I've gotta say it comes to something when the French president knows more about what's going on than your own parliament and government. If you are a #nodeal #berixteer actually try listening to him
They did vote for them &amp; are now looking to do everything in their power to stop them. Just shows how two-faced some MP's are. Even the speaker is bending the rules &amp; ignoring precedent to try &amp; stop Brexit. We need a people power revolution.
I watched the debate then I read 's phenomenally good piece on Food Bank Britain and I just can't comprehend how anyone can think this government is fit to run anything let alone brexit negotiations.
WTO Brexit
IATA calls for clarity as Brexit flight cap looms
#UK: No-confidence vote imminent after MPs reject Theresa May's Brexit deal
Brexit
???????? the British "clearly" voted for #BrExit ???????
Chris Grayling is part of a government that denounces any suggestion that people didn’t fully understand what the EU was about in 2016. Here he makes it clear that 2 1/2 years later he still doesn’t understand even the most basic basics.
Labour haven’t set out ANY workable plan for brexit It’s all party politics and nothing is being done for the good of this country
LibDems have promised to pull out of Brexit so I’d vote for them.
Was wondering why it took you so long to post your opinion on the brexit vote
Historian: Queen Should Suspend Parliament to Stop Remain MPs from Blocking #Brexit
Never of course. More pertinent at what point do you and others part company with Brexit pv denying corbyn?
Looks like Sterling had priced in a hard Brexit. Given Parliament are unlikely to let a no-deal Brexit pass, May has been defeated and we're moving towards a softer exit, Sterling bounce isn't all that surprising.
Worried about Brexit? Ignore the B-word and follow these 10 tips on how to go about landin
Theresa May faces questions after Brexit deal defeatTheresa May could be gone within 24 hours after her Brexit de...
Theresa May to face no-confidence motion following defeat over Brexit deal
Last night Brexiteers voted overwhelming to reject Brexit; go figure.
May Faces No-Confidence Vote After Humiliating Brexit Defeat
Nigel Farage wants his EU job back.
Second #Brexit referendum looks more likely than ever
EU ready to discuss new Brexit deal if UK changes ‘red lines’ #EU #Brexit #UK
A hard Brexit is good only for speculators and spivs. Slam on the brakes and we all go through the windscreen gentle braking and we arrive at the junction safely and we can turn left or right into whatever road is best for us. JRM has his millionaire seatbelt of course.
Brexit?
The long-dragging uncertainty of a #Brexit deal or no deal keeps impacting #UK businesses, making it difficult to plan for the future until this waiting game is over. via
"Civil servants could be temporarily moved from education department to work on no-deal Brexit" – yes, why not - because the Tories have done fantastically well with education in the last nine years there is nothing left to do.
Andrew, unusually its been 2 and half years since the vote so we have had a chance to see how reality has panned out compared to the promises made. basic answer, leave promised things not based on reality. so you ask people to consent to brexit based on the actual reality.
With the uncertainty of Brexit on many peoples mind, our Eaton and Hethersett branches have seen no slow down since 2019 arrived! Get in touch today if you need any advice or to book a valuation on your property. #Stratfords #Brexit #Eaton #Hethersett #YourTrulyLocalAgent
let us just remind ourselves here."Free" Movement which is at the heart of EU principles HAS restrictions.Those restrictions have been continually ignored by UK Govt to suit their own economic ends ie providing cheap labour
"#Brexit - what a fuck-up. This wasn't a deal, , it was vague outline. That's why no one voted for it" -
With the uncertainty of Brexit on many peoples mind, we're seeing no change in the market with our three branches being extremely busy since the festive period. If you need anything, don't hesitate to get in touch! #hammondlee #Brexit #Attleborough #Dereham #Wymondham #WeDoMore
his pretending that an election will solve this is nonsense because both parties are split on what to do about Brexit, it's just self-serving all parties would serve the public better if they tried to work together on this
yeah but imo even if people did vote it shouldnt happen if it wil effect the country in a negative way now i dont know details about brexit and all but im saying if there IS more negative than positive
Well, all hell broke loose when Mrs Thatcher introduced the poll tax. I wonder what's going to happen when May says, "You thick sods, fooled you, brexit is cancelled and we are also cancelling all further voting because if you allow us to ignore it so easily why have it at all?
Nice Remainers must wake up to fact May is going to drag Brexit in by hook or by crook on 29 March. She will then go #politicslive
David Cameron missed a trick before his interview, he should have... 1. Shaved his head 2. Found a bald cat 3. Worn a grey suit 4. Greeted the reporters with a knowing smirk 5. Lifted his little pinky finger 6. Finally let out an increasingly loud MUAHAHAHA! #brexit #brexitdebate
EU should delay Brexit only if britons agree in their Parliament to make a new referendum, in a short period of time. Delays are not forever.
Anything in London soon?
OK, so I didn't waste characters on "as yet unratified", but is there any need for such an attitude when, as I hope my tone to Michelle would show, I was just trying to politely ask someone who supports Brexit what they might suggest next?
And so he shouldn’t
Why are Remainers so happy? Right now, Britain is on course for a no-deal Brexit
In between #Brexit, the is running an interesting piece on Universal Credit. Last summer we published a guest blog from on why 'Universal Credit is far from perfect but it can be improved'. Read it here: #reformwelfare
#PeoplesVote with #OptionToRemain or #RevokeA50
Don’t listen to the lady who wrote happy endings for genocidal “death eaters” into her kids books. Once she got hers and got out of poverty ahe didn’t care about anybody else. Remember her books’ hero was pure blooded amd super rich, &amp; all the bankers were nazi jewish stereotypes
Companies cry out for Brexit clarity, warn on no-deal - Reuters
Barnier says EU can help the UK out of #Brexit mess - if Theresa May is ready to back down on her 'red lines'
Brexit could have serious implications on Gareth Bale's Real Madrid career.
I like this person.
You can't believe a word anybody in this government says. It's Orwellian...
The majority voted for Brexit simply because of immigrants. Most had no idea what the economic ramifications are.
European Union leaders are pleading with the U.K. to finally get its act together on Brexit, end internal strife and come up with a realistic plan to leave the bloc — well over two years after Britain decided to leave the EU.
'The Suez fiasco of 1956 was meant to have cured Britain of its imperial delusion, but what’s clear now is that many Britons never quite made that adjustment. Underpinning #Brexit, with its belief that Britain should separate itself from its closest neighbours, is a refusal to
The globalist elites are almost done laying the groundwork for overturning Brexit. Fortunately Macron political capital isn’t any better than Theresa May’s. #BrexitDeal
By in : gains approval for Amsterdam #Brexit base, with comments from -
Follow and enlighten as many as possible to the idiocy and hypocrisy of the people we look to to rule in our best interest #Brexit #pmqs
Of course he won t he s brexiteer, always has been...that's why he sits on the fence, so as not to upset anyone on either side
#Brexit #NoConfidence Only two ways to decide, stay in the E.U. Or leave with no deal. Is this not what we voted for 2 years ago? Never saw 's deal on the voting paper. IN or OUT we voted out #brexitdebate
The latest #SocialResearch UK News! Thanks to #brexit #china
Neither, no Brexit.
Exultant today is Vladimir Vladimirovich Putin. Over Brexit’s resounding, defeat. And expectant, moreover, of a finding later today of no confidence, in the government, of Theresa May. By leaps and bounds, President Vladimir Vladimirovich Putin is growing increasingly, confident.
How does this Russian interference alone not justify a new #BrexitVote?
Brexit and no-confidence vote: Corbyn targets 'zombie government' - FiWEH Life -
Had a bit of a search issue for grey matter. Oh look there it is! #stupidity #stupid #mygoddidsheactuallysaythat #BrexitChaos #brexit
It’s the probably the ONLY thing there is a parliamentary majority for if you want to follow the instruction of the ballot to “leave”. So either do that or listen to the people again. You can’t do both.
How did the markets react to yesterday’s #Brexit deal voting and what can we learn from the market's response?
Theresa May says a national election is the worst thing Britain could do now and would mean delaying Brexit. The UK prime minister faces a no confidence vote in parliament this evening.
Actually at a point we did, learn facts
It was all about timing: Sam Leith on Theresa May's failure to persuade MPs to back her Brexit deal
So... will UK leave #EU on 29.03? Yes. At 11pm. But it is impossible to say what will happen next. This deadline could be extended - and the European Court of Justice has said UK could even cancel #Brexit altogether without the agreement of other nations
Benched by #Brexit , Britain seems unable to think of much else — and the political brawl is far from over
No point at all giving Corbyn any oxygen if Labour can't even state what their brexit position is going to be in any subsequent GE. Why should SNP, Plaid or LibDems support a currently brexiteer Labour party ? Where is the brexit-situation-value in that ?
Brexit Effect for Air &amp; Sea. READ MORE HERE: #logistics #supplychain #retail #manufacturing #brexit #import #export #europe #customs #business
UK Brexit: May confidence vote at 7pm. Handelsblatt says concession from EU could be in works. Grieve proposes bill to prepare for second referendum, but not clear if or when it will be debated. Pro-Brexit Tory hardliners pledge to back May in confidence vote GBP (v/+)
The ECB has plenty of ability offset shock (like, I don’t know, the massive bond-buying program it is phasing out). More a matter of if it has the nerve to use it.
#haiku. Brexit on the road; scram, quick you interlopers; it’s a British road.
Slithering is right. #lordvoldemort
UK Brexit - May confidence vote: It could still be a narrow victory for May, but it seems likely that Tory MPs will back her, along with DUP, in order to avoid risking general election - Rabobank Foley
Seems #brexit is about shielding City of London from some kind of upcoming collapse. The elite all unanimously favor #Brexit.
In the largest defeat ever for a sitting government, British Prime Minister Theresa May’s Brexit deal was voted down 432 to 202 in the House of Commons.
Much as I think May is not worthy of her position, it is her who is weak, this could have happened to any party as Brexit divides all, regardless of affiliations. This is just wasting more time, as no MP, is going to vote themself out of a job!!!
Spot on with what he is saying. Just imagine what we would be like if it were the other way around. Very embarrassed to be British at the moment.
So Jamelia wants to take the vote off old people, because she disagreed with them. Appalling. #Brexit
well said, good speech this pm in the commons, let’s leave and then negotiate a deal #brexit
Brexit fallout continues: Historic defeat in Parliament as vote fails and Theresa May faces no confidence vote. #TheBriefing
Nobody hates Brexit more than the dog. Every time she hears it she goes nuts and covers her ears. Or barks. Which has provided us with much needed hilarity. P E A C…
Stop filling people full of false hope, there will be no people’s vote there will be no GE. There will be a Brexit, the only thing now is will there be a deal or no deal?
In the fluid non-linear day-by-day survival game that has been Brexit for the last 2.5yrs - a new template for 21C negotiations - it will soon transpire that the government's Plan B will infact look much like Plan A. This is Plan C, ahead of Plan D (for Disorderly or Default/end)
I agree with TM that the Tory Party must deliver Brexit (but not hers!). MPs should heed well that 70% of its grassroots value a no deal now. Any potential Tory Leader/MP who champions this will ensure that the Tory Party isn’t consigned to the Opposition Benches for a decade.
Never mind, this is the best Brexit take
Brexit and no-confidence vote: Corbyn targets 'zombie government'
I’ve always voted labour but I don’t want brexit.
The British Fashion Council Has Called For A Second Brexit Referendum
In the aftermath of yesterday's Brexit vote, #Iceland's Foreign Minister remains optimistic about agreements between his country and the UK.
Then there's this #brexit #BrexitChaos
Without no dealing it, there's not going to be a way to do Brexit. Leave with no deal, refuse to build a border in Ireland, deal with everyone else on WTO, wait for the dust to settle and begin talks with what's left of the EU for a future relationship and free trade agreement.
Companies cry out for Brexit clarity, warn on no-deal Furious companies facing w
After my porridge this morning i took the newspaper and retired to the smallest room in the castle. And there sometime later i enjoyed a "Smooth Brexit". T.C.
“As for the more provisional wing of the People’s Vote, we no longer need to computer-model the answer to the question: what would happen if you gave everyone on Henman Hill crystal meth?” #Brexit
One has to ask why Scotland has failed to attract those people you speak of to our country over the last few decades. Stop trying to use Brexit as an excuse. This problem is your doing. #SNP #Brexit
Describing Newcastle's game against Cardiff at the weekend as 'a shitty little game against Captain Brexit' is the best sentence in sports journalism history; and this is the best thing I've read in ages.
So what next for Brexit after the thumping defeat of the government's deal? Coming up I'll hear from economists and , plus on market reaction and on their #NoDeal planning
BBC News - Brexit and no-confidence vote: Corbyn targets 'zombie government'
Brexit is dead, Trump Putins Russian lost
Has he de-listed his number?
Yes. But she has toed the party line leading us to the parlous state in which we currently find ourselves. Our society is broken and you have aided and abetted the criminal governance that broke it. When it comes to Brexit you are the stopped clock that is correct at least once.
What happens now with Brexit? British PM Theresa May's big defeat leaves no clear options | Analysis by CNN's lukemcgee
#Brexit After Defeat on Brexit Plan, Theresa May Faces No-Confidence Vote via
Wednesday January 16 - LA Times Headlines Today: L.A. County’s new sheriff has reinstated a deputy fired over allegations of domestic abuse and stalking; Teachers Strike a Chord, but …; Brexit: The Long and the Short of It Via
The private conversation which was shared after a microphone was failed to be turned off, has proven 's long standing concerns over this Government's preparedness for a #NoDealBrexit.
Now tell us about the pension cuts you sneakily announced under the Brexit smokescreen...
Isn't about now that BMW and VW should be giving Merkal the call? Cutting it fine for dramatic effect? #Brexit
The Sturgeon's response does not demand taking of any kind of position at all. It's flummery. Of the 3 choices the British people have: EU Customs Union, no special status for the EU, or no Brexit, there is not enough bravery in the political class to see any of them through.
The first sentence of this is literally art. (The rest of it is also very excellent.)
#BrexitVote 650 MPs cannot agree on what Brexit means Two &amp; a half years' ago the public were asked effectively IN or OUT Apparently the public knew what they were voting for......
The problem with a lie is that the more someone says it the more they can come to believe it is true. Like May and her Brexit.
Rachel, your Government has just suffered the biggest defeat in history; it has created a hateful society at war with itself, wrecked our prisons, police and social services, wrecked welfare reform, killed off virtually everything of value. Unfit to Govern
OK, bye now. Brexit is #Brexit, you said. See you in 20 years or so! #EuropeanUnion
Historian: Queen Should Suspend Parliament to Stop Anti-Brexit Plots via
hear hear! she is a lying slimy duplicitous person who just keeps repeating roboticaly and monotonously that brexit means brexit....what planet does she live on?
France To Accelerate Preparations For No-Deal Brexit
It’s clear we need MPs who will deliver on the result and that requires a Brexit party for one term to exit the EU
#AM2DM is LIVE! Saeed is back, we're discussing the results of the latest Brexit vote, and is here to talk #CrashingHBO
38 Degrees logo Last night Theresa May’s Brexit deal was defeated in parliament by hundreds of votes. [1] Today there’ll be a vote of no confidence in…
Extraordinary. Humiliating. Unprecedented. A majority of 230 against #PM’s #Brexit deal. Twice as many MPs vote no as vote yes
TRUMP BREXIT Wed, 16 Jan 2019 09:00:00 CST
Don't let Brexit cover the fact the Warriors gave up a 3-1 finals lead.
WBD advises Brittany Ferries on UK government contract for additional freight capacity for no-deal Brexit
Our #Brexit expert Peter Wilding gives his thoughts on last night's vote #brexpert
We leave end of March with/with out a deal.Hard Brexit will have ramifications for all, UK and across Europe. None more so than German Car industry. EU don't hold all the Aces like they think they do.This is why Big businesses are worried .EU will negotiate again or we go to WTO.
Besh “ the only thing I know about brexit is the breakfast meme”
#brexit is really popular in german satire at the moment. Its writing itself according to unnamed sources in the satirical world. Suggesting returning to absolute monarchy soon by the Queens proclamation actually has a certain appeal
Live: Brexit, and its global implications. , and join.
Huge pleasure to speak with #MetroExodus writer and author . Along with his rare approach to storytelling in games, we cover the very relevant themes of his work and, dare we say it, Brexit:
AEB Brexit Tool Kit: Being Ready For Any Scenario And Moving Forward With Digitization. #Brexit #SupplyChain #Software
On today's we're sitting down with Pete Holmes, plus talking Brexit, Karen Pence, and the dueling Fyre Festival docs
Sir Peter assesses prospects of a 2nd referendum on #Brexit went from 20% before failed parliament vote to now 40-45%. But still hugely complicated as country split. Small majority in favor of staying in EU now. In 6 months after campaign, maybe different result per Westmacott
O’Brien spanked by Mogg.
I was talking about this to someone but: no-one is out to RUIN brexit. The EU are not trying to ruin brexit. the remainers aren't trying to ruin brexit. Brexit comes PRE-RUINED.
We don’t. We need a #PeoplesVoteNow to sort out the #Brexit mess. Brexit in your hands would be as bad as in the hands of the Tories.
90Min: Gareth Bale's Real Madrid Future in Doubt if 'No Deal' Brexit Is Approved #
“Rather than making hard choices themselves, MPs could simply pass them back to the electorate.” #Brexit
Those who don't believe we live in a global economy should read this. The problems win Britain will have a dramatic impact on our economy. Perhaps,they will do what we have not been able to do and rectify a giant mistake by having another election. :)
INFH UXEYX 160119160108
News Analysis: Amid Parliament’s Brexit Rebellion, a Tectonic Shift in How Britain Is Governed
Theresa May’s Brexit Deal Failed. Here’s What You Need to Know.
David Cameron is standing by his decision to hold an EU referendum. Still
Theresa May’s Brexit Deal Failed. Here’s What You Need to Know.
Brexit: What could happen next?
A friend made a good point. For those who voted to remain in the UK in 2014 head over to the Better Together Twitter feed to see what was promised. Then take a look at what you got #ScotRef #Brexit
Poppet, Remainers claim they didn't understand the binary question. How would they have coped with something more complicated? Brexit is a binary issue. Why should those of us with brains have to wait even longer just so it can all be dumbed down to the Remainers' level?
What the #Brexit vote could mean for sterling - from The Week
Oh boy
Watching Brexit politics is fascinating if bizarre. I can sympathize with how Corbyn is pinned. The EU has been dominated by neoliberal politics for over a decade, and he's hoping he can finagle something else out of this. But he's fumbling badly from what I can tell.
People voted on immigration mainly that will not change they want their own laws not imposed EU ones .instead of blaming our own government we blame EU we blame people who are seeking a better life .we will miss the EU and its rewards God help us under a Tory brexit
Theresa May look so you can Theresea Slay that no confidence vote ... #TheresaMay #brexitdebate #PMQs #BrexitVote #BrexitShambles #BrexitChaos #brexit
Theresa May’s Brexit plan suffered a huge defeat. What comes next? - BBC News US
BBC News - Brexit: How did my MP vote on Theresa May's deal?
These comments from Macron are clearer and more honest than just about any speech I’ve heard in the Commons.
I wasn’t going to write about #gillettead but it has been a handy distraction from #Brexit
But why would they? The EU's been opposed to Brexit and with the failure of the deal they see a chance to turn it around. Why would they concede anything when a second referendum is a possibility?
is this how you feel? the youth you represent don't feel that way
this guy #AlokSharma is some piece of work... #brexit
Irish PM denies having secret no-deal Brexit plan for border checks
Man of the people, him. Remember that the next time he grabs a pint of beer and pretends to be an ordinary bloke. He isn't. Yet another out-of-touch elitist with a silver spoon in his mouth who didn't know when to back off. #Brexit #BrexitVote #NoConfidence
Mexican loaded fries unbelievable taste with fajita chicken tortilla s jalapenos salsa guacamole crosscut fries melted together in Monterey Jack cheese #Foodies #SunderlandTilIDie #safc #brexit
Accept being sidelined on cross-party Brexit talks?
labour cannot even face the idea of soft brexit, so yes, they are supporting the main aim of the tory government.
It’s hard to agree whether it was a more fucking stupid idea to call the referendum or hope that you could play on fear, division and lies to to win it. In my mind, it’s equal. Maybe 52:48 towards calling a referendum #Brexit #Brexitdeal #eu #cameron #PMQs
#LabourParty would be in a much stronger position if they had a clear vision for Brexit from the start, rather than the pointless rhetoric of a Brexit that 'protects jobs' and 'doesn't divide the nation' - pointless words if you don't have a plan to back it up #NoConfidenceVote
Our future Leader has a message !!
It’s pronounced Br-ecks-it not Br-eggs-it. #Brexit
More important to stop Mrs May and get some proper negotiators on the case- and NOT Remainers who don’t believe in Brexit
Despite political uncertainties around Brexit, we’ve upgraded the UK’s ad spend forecast from 4.7% to 6.1% in 2019. Learn more in our new #AdSpend report:
The moment Theresa May loses crucial Brexit deal vote – video
Billboard campaign reminds voters of MPs' Brexit promises
Why is security aspect of Brexit hardly mentioned? With USA going isolationist, China leading defence technology, Russia ever threatening, UK needs to be in EU shaping diplomatic &amp; security policy &amp; technology. Alone outside EU UK will lose all influence, as US ultra-right wants.
IATA warns 5 million extra air travel seats could be at risk after #Brexit vote -- here's the latest:
*no deal brexit
Quick reminder to what said in 2011: “We could have two referendums. As it happens it might make more sense to have the second referendum after the renegotiation is completed.” #Brexit #brexitdebate #PMQs #NoConfidenceMotion
I believe the people of GB deserve the right to see investment in us and our children so the UK can work it's way to the top, put OUR people back into work, stop sending our industries to the EU, The northern powerhouse needs investment.
If you consider the wishes for a new Brexit referendum in the UK after the British Parliament's vote, you can realize how high certain politicians and pressure groups consider democracy. You can vote as they wish but you can't against their wishes.
One MP is saying that Theresa May's Brexit deal resembles the Treaty of Tordesillas. #NoConfidence
Currencies: Pound wobbles after May’s Brexit defeat, as lawmakers debate no-confidence vote
EU open to discussing range of options for future economic relationship...but first, UK needs to complete #Brexit divorce.
Brexit: What could happen next?
Unless MPs take control we're going over the cliff-edge... #Brexit #pmqs #BrexitVote
A politician despised in his own country, whose citizens have been rioting and being shot in the streets for weeks, is mouthing off. And weedy British lefties are saying "oh isn't he marvellous?"
Brexit, Broken Down
Good the European should be afraid of no deal Brexit.
#GFRD+2% £7.15 #HOUSING #INFRASTRUCTURE #PROPERTY #INVESTING . Despite #Brexit worries/concerns ......" The value of #homes in the UK reached a new record in 2018, new data shows". #ukhouses #ukproperty
Latest News: Brexit and no-confidence vote: Corbyn targets 'zombie government' Labour's leader opens the no-confidence debate, after Theresa May's Brexit deal defeat. 2019-01-16 14:48:23Z
Check out The Daily 202 from
An ex-military man, behaving like the generals in the First World War. To hell with the cost, let’s chaaaarge!!
I keep listening to delusional and arrogant UK MPs and cannot help but think about the loop of Brexit lies (i.e. NHS). I stand with Junker on this one #eu #brexit #timesup
I'm not enjoying Brexit. I would enjoy independence.
Macron says hi...
these interventionists r supporting the corruption within these countries, including the US, while the serfs live paycheck to paycheck, need credit to survive and have no savings. The CBs debt ridden agenda's r a total failure.
Just had some Naga Ghost Chilli with my lunch. I was so hopeful it would blow my brains out enough for me to be released from the Brexit live parliament viewing, on my day off. But here I am still.
France to 'accelerate preparations for no-deal Brexit' - The Local France
This will split the Conservative party if true.
Sorry, I tried to think of a Brexit analogy, but all I can do is laugh.
If you need a laugh about the Brexit shambles delivers some wonderful hilarity in
With Brexit approaching talks to Catherine Bachleda, the acting VC of the new and exciting University of Gibraltar
“We only ever had a hard border because of Republicans, claims DUP's Sammy Wilson”. Here we go folks...
John Browne on Brexit: Growing feeling Theresa May is workin
(Winnipeg Free Press):May's govt faces no-confidence vote after huge #Brexit defeat : LONDON - British Prime Minister Theresa May faced a no-confidence vote Wednesday, a day after Parliament rejected her Brexit deal by a historic ..
Particularly after two years of revelations about any Brexit making the UK poorer. It beggars belief.
Smile though your eyes are crying.
Another Brexit blog from 2016. A reasonably prescient one too...
Needs brexit to dump endless tax money in newly nationalised industries in order to payback his union puppeteers.
The Tory plan to restrict immigration is economically illiterate, cynical and straight-up racist. Is anyone surprised?
She’s like the Super Gonorrhoea we’re all going to get after Brexit
What is happening in Russia while Putin is busy elsewhere. Navalny?
a petition of over 330.000 signatures wanted a WTO. Reading some reports from central banks in the #EU they expect WTO What is so difficult? N. Ireland? Really look at Switzerland look at the Vatican.different vat from Italy. And there are more. Deliver #BREXIT
#ThingsThatAreBadForYourHealth Brexit. I'm putting the muted words option to good use!
There was a vote! Delivery of the best Brexit possible (with customs union and freedom of movement) should be the priority plus a vote to confirm the choice. I know! I know!
Due this week, a summary along with questions about the related paragraph Graphs(??) Don't remember if I finished a table A speech for public speaking Info extraction Probably Brexit stuff Questions in a book History's building up :/
BBC News: Farming unions in warning against no-deal Brexit BBC News - Farming unions in warning against no-deal Brexit
UK parliament rejects #Brexit deal in historic vote that triggers a no-confidence vote in P.M. Theresa May's government.
A #PeoplesVote is the only way to start solving this #Brexit madness. But not before both sides have detailed plans on what to do next
When a politician tells you their plan is so simple, they need not explain it: be suspicious. Be very suspicious. Example 1: #Brexit Example 2: #Trump’s replacement for #Obamacare
Brexit in a nutshell:
Harriet Plume, Aldershot (34): "I run a small business carving celebrity scupltures out of ham, where's a #NoDeal going to leave me...?!?" #Brexit #PeoplesVote #NoConfidenceVote #PMQs #TheresaMaysDeal
He’s good at running isn’t he? running away from the mess he created...
But like most of them he is a Remainer trying to thwart Brexit and the will of the people
Total gridlock on both sides of the Atlantic. Are we in some kind of weird episode of Black Mirror? #brexit #GovernmentShutdown #BrexitVote #BrexitShambles #Trump #TrumpShutdown #TheresaMay
The #Brexit vote rejecting Theresa May's deal really gets my goat. Nobody actually realises how good a transionary deal this is, and not even the final one (which is a hard exit, presumably). The matter of outstanding expenses is moot: they were budgeted for already. Goodbye lip.
You’re asserting that Brexit isn’t a racist endeavour. You have nothing to show to back that up despite the evidence I presented and the spike in racial attacks on foreigners legally in this country after the referendum. I provided the evidence, you refused to consider it.
#Brexit #Chaos # broadcasting LIVE right now on #Mixlr. Tune in:
Workshops, exhibitions, conferences &amp; #networking, #BucksBusinessFest has it all! Hosted by Buckinghamshire Business First, our partners &amp; our members, the Festival will incorporate key themes such as #Brexit, Digital, Funding, #Leadership, &amp; #Innovation:
There isn’t currently any other Brexit deal on offer other than agreeing the withdrawal agreement though
Nicola Sturgeon calls for second Brexit referendum. Scotland's first minister has also called for Brexit to be cancelled and warns Westminster that if Brexit goes ahead Johnnie Walker will not allow his distilled piss to be sold in England. #indyref2 #Scotland
A thread for you to consider. Please RT or like, if you wish. Thanks.
#LAA closure saying it should be used more in the #uk even post #brexit if complications can be low, #laa is closed, post-op #antiplatelets sorted out, device does not clot
why aren't and upholding rights of #westernsahara in line with the European Court of Justice?
Deselecting the traitors who were elected who were proved to be saboteurs to a smooth brexit....
Lawmakers preparing bid to delay Brexit, ministers tell business leaders #europenews
The whole Brexit whitewash and play acting by politicians has put me off politics. I'll return to Tweeting about cars, debt, mental health and anything else that boils my onions.
Despite Brexit, Binance Shines Light On UK Crypto Enthusiasts #Brexit #despite
EU ready to discuss new Brexit deal if UK changes “red lines” #europenews
BBC News - Brexit and no-confidence vote: Corbyn targets 'zombie government' He wants No. 10....yhat is all we are saying for now
German carmakers warn hard Brexit would be ‘fatal’ #europenews
BBC News - Brexit and no-confidence vote: Corbyn targets 'zombie government'
People complaining (media types mostly) that Corbyn didn’t harp on at #PMQs about May’s colossal defeat last night and chose to focus on other issues...everyday life is still going on while the government plays at Brexit. Children still need teaching, feeding, healing. #GTTO
Profoundly disappointed by Corbyns shameful attempt at political opportunism at such a time of genuine national crisis #Brexit #Corbyn #Labour #Parliament
the problem with brexit that after 2 years after the referendum in 2016 no-one can tell us what brexit means. brexit simply doesn't stand up to any sort of scrutiny
Dogmatic. "Theresa May omits Jeremy Corbyn from cross-party Brexit talks"
The Washington Post: As Brexit deal goes down in flames, exasperated Europe wonders what the Britons want. via
“The compromise reached after 18 months is the best compromise. It is the result of constructive work and attitude, which we will maintain until the end: calm, unity, dialogue and transparency. #Brexit
MPs alone won’t solve the Brexit deadlock. We need a citizens’ assembly | Lisa Nandy and Stella Creasy
The latest The kreativbox Daily! #brexit #netzlese
If you needed a reminder of how we're in this mess, here is a member of the public. She wants no deal or a good deal, except in some circumstances where she wants a second referendum. We're all fucking doomed. #brexit #PeoplesVote #PoliticsLive #BrexitVote
The Irish Times’ looks at impact of Brexit on the lives of people in shadow of the Border.
#Macron could you please go and explain this to #Britain #brexit #CONSERVATIVES #JeremyCorbyn They STILL haven’t grasped it!
Is the SNP the new UKIP? Everything about a independent Scotland...... #brexit #keepvotinguntilwegettheanswerwewant
What do commentators across Europe think about Brexit now? “...uncertainty, bitterness and rancour – the three dismal feelings that May evoked in her defeat speech, and the three evil spirits that only grow with each day that Brexit remains unresolved”
Very clear answer to the question everyone is asking: "What next?" #Brexit
She needs some tea. Literally. Return to UK traditions and remind the sobbing emo illegal past-stayers that they don’t get to vote on Brexit, only citizens have any say at all. It’s clearly in Britons interest to leave Nationalism almost always works to heal economic instability.
Of course, British #brexit politics haven't been anything London could be proud of. But I am starting to wonder whether a fundamental problem lies with Bruxelles and EU27 being autistically deaf to wishes not only of the British people for some flexibility of the four freedoms
And she doesn’t have to do it. Personally I won’t watch because Putin is writing his speech. Sorry about the vote yesterday My God. Can’t they just not Brexit at all so this garbage ends? It was Putin’s disinformation that pushed this anyway.
MPs are being trolled with posters featuring their own words. Brilliant work by #tweets #guerrillamarketing #genius
No it wasn't - 17.4 million voters knew exactly what LEAVE the EU meant. Its remainers and snowflake cry babies who can't take losing a democratic vote. Its not complicated.
A #MontyPython brexit
And to implement Lexit or conspire to achieve brexit. Either way, not in the interests of the country or likely to unite it. Those suffering most now under Tory austerity will suffer worse under any kind of brexit &amp; I'm appalled that the Labour party is condoning it.
Now is the perfect time to exhibit at the Farm Business Innovation Show! Get in touch to find out more!
Cameron like the rest of the Tory elite, is immune from Brexit. No matter what the outcome, they will be alright.
English language obviously not a strong point #PeoplesVote #ExitBrexit
The 30K piece puzzle: #Brexit and the #automotive industry. Read more via :
What is the point here? Only the government can call a second referendum &amp; before doing so it would be necessary to delay Brexit, assuming the EU would agree to it. Why the focus on whether wants one or not?
Leo Varadkar accused of not telling truth over no-deal #Brexit
Brexit hit a snag. Theresa kept hammering on "The will of the people be done" but the people still want to remain in the EU
May’s Brexit Deal Failed. What Happens Now? Keep this flowchart handy over the next 10 weeks.
Huh. 1.5 bil / day. x 24 days = what, $36 bil? Hmmmmm
British Preppers Gearing Up for ‘No Deal’ Brexit
Let’s have a referendum on Brexit.. ..and on austerity, the hostile environment, homelessness &amp; housing, food banks, racist scapegoating, tax havens, tripling the national debt, militarism and chronic underfunding of the NHS and education. Also known as a #GeneralElectionNow
I imagine he’ll try it. Seeing the political wreckage from Brexit has to be inspiring to a nihilist, whether or not he’s still taking cues from the Kremlin.
And those hundreds of supporters cheered for a decision that made a no deal Brexit a whole lot more likely...
How things are
January transfer window news &amp; rumours LIVE: Brexit could force Gareth Bale out of Real Madrid –
He unleashed Brexit chaos while jogging?
Love him or hate him but he is right. Everybody is tired of #brexit It's Brits' problem. EU can't do anything else about it.
I have solved Brexit!
May’s Brexit Deal Failed. What Happens Now?
I’m in Poland and it’s £2.69 for a pint and a vodka. Good night all, see you after Brexit.
As have you .Privately telling ppl you’ll never back a #PeoplesVote after convincing party conf to try for GE first , you then say that means Labour standing on Brexit ! While Gardner tells us you’ll keep trying for a GE. You’re on the wrong side of maj of your party &amp; history.
Brexit: “The greatest political crisis since Guy Fawkes tried to blow up parliament four centuries ago"
They're ever so confident now, but if (when) their beloved brexit doesn't turn out to be a rip-roaring success what will they do? Blame Remainers, although there'll be more of us? Deny they voted for it?
Historian: Queen Should Suspend Parliament to Stop Remain MPs from Blocking Brexit
It's the issue of 100s of Japanese companies invested in the UK, in part to access the EU market. There are 190,000 direct and another 650,000 indirect jobs in the UK dependant upon car manufacturing for instance. “There is no Brexit dividend for our industry,” (SMMT).
After the UK Parliament voted down Theresa May's Brexit proposal yesterday, explains what happened and where the muddled process may be headed from here.
Any Brexit at this point will always be a reactionary and nativist Brexit, no matter how much the old Labour heads want to make it about an end to austerity and slavish devotion to open markets.
After this might be the most important Twitter feed to follow...
Come on let’s have a list of companies from THIS country who are going to effected by brexit ... go
I have been waiting so Much for take on yesterday! Priceles!!!! "Boris Johnson – not so much a statesman as an Oxfam donation bag torn open by a fox"
An excellent clip with Nick Robinson quoting Theresa May's words from two years ago this week. No deal isn't that frightening. A no deal Brexit would end the uncertainty and it would save £39 billion which we can then spend on our priorities No deal is better than a bad deal.
Worst government in living memory. No prospect of GE. Country in chaos. Corbyn with no defensive brexit position (against party manifesto and the wishes of party members and PLP). He won’t be PM. Sorry if this upsets you.
Billboard campaign reminds voters of MPs' #Brexit promises: Posters repeat Gove claim UK will… #Brexit #ClickBait
Because it is not brexit you stupid woman
And no one wants your Brexit plan! You’ve lied. You promised to deliver on Brexit in your last manifesto. Promised to honour the referendum result and here you are calling for a customs union and a second referendum!
We need to get her out and this awful Government, so many people are suffering because of this Government and all the debate on Brexit is not helping, letting this Government get away with all sorts what is not good for all only the rich
As Britain descends into Brexit chaos, the Press corridor at Holyrood has been ear-wormed by repeated reckless broadcasts of 's campaign song from the Daily Record and Times offices. Masochists click here:
It’s not my fault ! David Cameron, the happiest man in Britain right now , not having to sort this shit out . #Brexit #CONSERVATIVES #Britain #politcslive
Thank you so much, sir! It means so much to so many that the current injustice towards our service "animals" - ends. Truly hoping the next reading doesn't get bogged down by Brexit. We desperately need a swift implementation in law. Deeply grateful to you all.
The working class overwhelmingly voted for Brexit and still support it because they have suffered the most under EU hegemony you utter liar.
As the Treaty of Versailles came to be seen as a key cause of Nazism, so will the Economic policy of QE and the political policy of Austerity come to be seen as the primary causes of #Brexit /EU breakup. Any fule no.
Irony made flesh
Billboard campaign reminds voters of MPs' Brexit promises
more proof for the austerity is garbage file
Brexit deal voted down
Obviously you must of suffer some sort of head injury when playing rugby if this is your view . Read a book about Churchill to understand what like to be English and to be proud to be English
Brexit: EU opens door to further trade negotiations if Theresa May ditches red lines. To move any red line simply means remaining in the EU. It can't be done because of a democratic vote. They continue to give more reasons to walk from this hateful regime. They will collapse.
I'll fight him
May’s Brexit Deal Failed. What Happens Now? via
'We're about to be thrown under a Boris bus': businesses on a no-deal #Brexit: We asked how… #Brexit #ClickBait
Frankly she should suspend it, period, just on general principles. It clearly isn't beholden to the people who supposedly elected it, and not just on the topic of Brexit. Needs a re-work.
Can someone please explain this to and the Govt?
Time for a change of heart on brexit from the DUP. A u-turn infact.
Wow 58% of 91000 people are wrong.
MPs alone won’t solve the #Brexit deadlock. We need a citizens’ assembly | Lisa Nandy and… #Brexit #ClickBait
I'm glad someone said it. May tirelessly banging on that politics will be at an all time low if the people's vote isn't upheld. Truth: the case for #Brexit was built on a mountain of lies and over the course of two years people have realised it! How is that democracy?!
Who said Brexit would be bad for exports?
Hard to believe so many party members still support After the endless shambolic failures and #Brexit After years of austerity etc etc she still rubs her brass neck and carries on. You are not invincible. You are an embarrassment.
I love the Welsh
Why Brexit is a living hell for Jeremy Corbyn... not just Theresa May (Reg/£)
Agreed, but he tries to hide it. What sort of Leadership is that? We need to know exactly where Labour stand on Brexit if there is going to be a General Election. They are as split as the Tories.
PM Faces Confidence Vote After Brexit Deal Rejected In Historic Defeat via ActionForex #forex #fx
[REUTERS] Long way to go to bring Britain back together after Brexit vote: PM May |
“the point of holding the vote wasn't to win it, but to drag MPs into the open and make clear to the EU the strength of opposition to May's deal,” writes
If I was negotiating with the EU I wouldn't bother negotiating with them I would simply stop paying them. We don't want Free Movement. We don't want the ECJ. We don't want federation. So that's Norway out and the TEU out. #Brexit
If you're confused about #Brexit today (the day the deal between the EU and the UK was thrown out by UK parliment) this article helps explain what it means for Ireland and the USA (as well as other explanations)....
Prime Minister #May remarkably resilient and accommodating in a scenario where pleasing everyone is absolutely technically impossible. Opposition Leader #Corbyn has apparently yet to offer alternatives, though many MPs complain they were largely sidelined. #Brexit #auspol #MAGA
If you’re a Flight Attendant in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a mess for you. If you live in London then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this tragedy! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Pound wobbles after May’s Brexit defeat, as lawmakers debate no-confidence vote
CNN nope the DEMORATS are exactly like BRUSSELS &amp;Brexit UK had a no confidence vote now the PM MAY has to go back and renegotiate the deal. Like our DEMORATS BRUSSELS will not BUDGE. DEMORATS BEEN PLANNING GLOBALISM FOR 30 YEARS + . CNN social&amp;news media collude with DEMORATS
Long way to go to bring Britain back together after Brexit vote: PM May
May’s #Brexit ‘Divorce Deal’ Could Break UK (VIDEO) #QuestionMorepic.twitter.com/wZv78RRNya
Britain is left without a Brexit plan. It’s headed toward disaster.
Ouch!
Should be an interesting listen on the Brexit mess.
Cancelling brexit would also embolden the fascists. What is required is a stronger working class able to overthrow the bootheel of capital, including the tories
Brexit: What happens next? w/
We can't do anything about Brexit, but maybe we can help you with your WordPress problems! Come to our Help Desk Evening on Jan 22. Sign up:
Via : Sergey Lavrov on US marine arrest, FYROM name change, and Brexit at annual press conference
One of the ironies of Brexit has been that we have had a PM trying to deliver something she voted against in 2016 and a LOP trying to oppose something he voted for. Changing History eBook on Amazon
Clear, concise, honest... refreshing. More of this please #timetogovern
“There are many large agricultural businesses within #Herefordshire and I see serious #labour challenges for them." Frank Myers MBE. Read more about how food is at the heart of #Brexit for agriculture businesses and find out how we can help you: #HCRBrexit
Nope, I'm afraid not. Yesterday, he more or less told me that people who voted for Brexit are thick.
The British Parliament’s Brexit chaos has delivered a massive potential retirement windfall for almost anyone who has worked legally in Britain for more than three years.
Truly humility in action
Long way to go to bring Britain back together after Brexit vote: PM May
Seems reasonable except for the Mar 15 expiration. And Trump. And Brexit.
I know all about the reasoning and the economics of Brexit. You got suckered in by Putin and his minions in England. Used the same playbook as Trump.
The biggest change is that there is a 3 year demographic change towards the young, who are mainly Remainers. Add to that the Remainers who failed to vote last time thinking Remain was a foregone conclusion. And this is a major poll:
No, Jim. Brexit is the problem. A Unionist MEP calling on others to “show maturity” is ironic indeed.
Day after Brexit defeat, Theresa May faces no confidence vote
JC doesn't have to do anything. The Tories own brexit. Get used to that fact and focus on them. Anyone who thinks brexit or remain or toppling Corbyn is more important than getting a Labour gvt elected is a traitor. I hope you arent one.
DC wants Parliament to deliver Brexit, but couldn't be arsed to stick around and sort HIS mess out!
The majority of the public voted for (no deal) Brexit. Just saying.
Think we should opt for the Norway variety with or without a backstop and a softer Brexit,but first delaying Article 50 and obeying the will of the people after advisory crooked referendum gave a mandate to leave.A parliamentary coalition ffs am sick of all this bullshit jargon!
The latest Orrbit! #brexit #10yearchallenge
Theresa May #Brexit deal hammered in parliament
Mark Carney warns of volatility after MPs vote down Brexit deal via : #BOE #Carney #Brexit
Timing of launching this sci fi book is planed after Brexit. Interesting
No such evidence, if I may say so. Deal or no-deal Brexit, it is a lose-lose scenario. In the EU-28, we are all on the same team.
As #ThereaMay's government faces a vote of no confidence after MPs rejected the deal. What's in store for #humanrights after Brexit? #IOHRAmbassadors conducted a survey to find out. #BrexitVsYourRights
WRAPUP-Companies cry out for Brexit clarity, warn on no-deal #news #reuters
Yes it does. Because then it means Leave may no longer be a majority. Yes you remain because No Deal was the only Brexit option, and if the majority vote against it then they don’t want it.
May faces a no-confidence vote after a resounding defeat of her proposed Brexit deal with the EU. Britain is supposed to leave the EU in 72 days, but exiting without a negotiated deal could spark a broader crisis involving food and medicine shortages.
Shenanigans around Brexit burying bad news?
Just made myself laugh/cry. Talking about Brexit with a work colleague and I said "I'm not even sure what the Hard Brexiters want. Maybe they have a vision of us as the US's little brother or something?" And then it hit me. We're going to be the US's shit *nephew*. Noooooooo!
A hard brexit could seriously aid the super rich and multinational corporations by cutting tax and turning Britain into a tax heaven on the shores of the EU, not to mention the potential for introducing more deregulation that aids multinationals crush workers rights.
No-deal Brexit spells 'disaster' for pubs
GBP Solid ahead of May's Vote #GBPUSD #BOE #Brexit
To hear all the other political parties emphasize #PMQs how much of a team player the government has not been during BREXIT is a major factor for this #voteofnoconfidence
And who said that the 5million were "the MOST important group"? Strawman argument indeed. Keep on "fighting" by blocking those who are most and directly affected by Brexit. That was a highly constructive addition, indeed. Well done, Sir.
From Farmers to Fashion, more and more groups see the current situation as an emergency. #PeoplesVote #BrexitisadisasterforBritain
Yes i do, i want a clean brexit. Unless we have a better deal under .
Ignoring Burke, UK political-right set off a Dictatorship of the Proletariat ... now they have to put a lid on chaos they've uncovered #Brexit #NoConfidence #PeoplesVote
OK, as a Barcelona fan, I now support a no-deal Brexit, ideally before the March 29 deadline.
said at least a year ago that there should be an 'inner cabinet' dealing with Brexit in order to prevent stagnation in all other fields of government. I definitely eould agree (again) for 'implementation' #listenandapply #Soamesthehashtagking
Recent #Brexit &amp; #nafta negotiations expose two common #brainfart's (a correct, if rude, term) of economic nationalists: 1. "We could have a great deal if only our negotiators weren't stupid". 2. A "great deal" is a more protectionist one. #delusional is more polite term.
thinks the right thing is for her to hang on with her powerless, divided government rather than a chance for a strong UK gov to take us through BREXIT. Her arrogance is astounding, So much ego, so little talent.
Emmanuel Macron states the Brexit facts that our politicians are too cowardly and too mendacious to own up to: #brexitlies #brexitchaos #brexitshambles #brexit #RevokeA50 #stopbrexit #PeoplesVote #remain #remainandreform
Soft Brexit has been Labour's policy for over 2 years. Why lie?
That's remain &amp; EU worker's rights plus environment legislation were adopted into UK law. #BrexitVote #Brexit
After Defeat on Brexit Plan, Theresa May Faces No-Confidence Vote
"Plan G, as it was known in 1956, is now Plan A for the true believers: we can have all the benefits of being in the EU without the burdens &amp; compromises of actual membership" reviewing O'Rourke #Brexit
The Law Society has long been urging politicians to avoid the no-deal scenario.
Mr Chope. Voted against the upskirting bill but wants a no deal. #Brexit
Manu on Brexit: "Good luck to the representatives of a nation who have to implement a thing which doesn't exist"
Think he's got better things to worry about than us getting REAL Brexit.
#UK: Entrepreneurs reveal how Brexit will affect small businesses | ITV News
Via : Live updates: British MPs prepare for no-confidence vote after May’s Brexit defeat
Am confused, does Corbyn seriously think he can do what May couldn’t do in 2 years, in 2 months?
#BrexitVote Is Proof That Referendums Are The Worst Invention of Democracy via #Brexit
Yea that’s true , but that’s what we’re working with . But once you accept you then have to accept that’s its only some kind of deal that will give us brexit and not leave without one like Rees mogg would be happy with
Please can everyone sign this petition for the future of BREXIT #BrexitVote #BrexitDealVote
Pound Traders Indulge in Some Wishful Brexit Thinking +1 KachingBot #Business
The last thing this country needs is an extension. Just fuels more anxiety for businesses and investors. Leave on WTO then negotiate is the only proper Brexit.
But Corbyn wants to damage the economy through Brexit. Which will make those aims - which I share - very hard to achieve. Do you really think he’d be able to get some kind of better deal?
Historian: Queen Should Suspend Parliament to Stop Anti-Brexit Plots
when may says something absolutely mad about brexit, like 'the people voted for an independant trade policy' someone like barry gardiner goes on tv to back her up. so spare me.
North East England Chamber wants to delay Brexit
France: if you don't want him we'll have him RT : In which Emmanuel Macron nails Brexit:
We've got plenty in the warehouse now if you want to stock up!…
i think George Howarth has just proved why most people leave the chamber after the PM and Leader of the Opp are done... #Brexit
All of this #brexit malarkey is going too far. The #referendum was logic vs emotion. Emotion won out, so since logical thinking is sadly - but evidently - secondary, let’s just agree on the leaving terms already and get happy about becoming a sovereign pariah... #emotionalbritain
Sadly not much of a break from the madness of the "#brexit chat".
So then, did you manage to steer your evening class students away from #Brexit last night, or was it like the #BrexitDealVote in Parliament last night, a complete failure?
Dominic Grieve presents two bills to pave the way for a second referendum If the UK voted again to leave the EU I'm certain that Grieve would agitate for a third referendum He shows every sign of being an anti-democratic elitist
Corbyn is giving the ERG exactly what they want, running down the clock until no deal brexit!
Yep Trump is only until impeachment, brexit is forever.
Well said:
When a politician tells you their plan is so simple, they need not explain it: be suspicious. Be very suspicious. Example 1: Brexit Example 2: Trump’s replacement for Obamacare
What do commentators across Europe think about the state of Brexit? “Gove and others like him brought winter to British politics and are now horrified at how cold things have got. Too cold for their fellow countrymen.”
No, please.... tell us more about your views on #Brexit tell us how spurs are going to follow Britains lead and leave Europe next week
60% THINK THE GOVERNMENT IS HANDLING NEGOTIATIONS BADLY vs 15% THINKING THEY DO WELL “How well do you think the UK government is handling the Brexit negotiations?”
#brexit #TrumpShutdown ISIS... They are back...
I gave an interview (in German) to on the implications of yesterday's vote.
Theres goes the idea of a "sustained campaign" of no confidence motions. Maybe time for Corbyn to realise that he cannot remove what is a very vulnerable Gov't from office without first clarifying his own party's #Brexit stance?
Here's suggesting Tory rule brought food banks. Now as much as I dislike all the establishment, I think he'll find it was under Labour that food banks were introduced. As for housing crisis, I don't believe there was one pre Blair &amp; pre Labour.
Not to defend May (she thorougly botched the #Brexit proces), but we should not forget that it was David Cameron who caused the mess to begin with. It was Cameron who gambled the UK's future away and then just left without taking any responsibility whatsoever. #PeoplesVote
Not sure if this is too off topic, but where's the punk revival? I thought Brexit &amp; Trump &amp; whatever other horrible bullshit is going on meant we're going to have our very own 21st century Sex Pistols. Yet, nary a whisper from the politically disaffected, angry youth of music.
No one seems able to re-program the #Maybot, and the makers have done a runner. #Brexit #dogsdinner
This is where the fight is going now. Which one's going to win? My money's on #DomenicGrieve. #Brexit #WithdrawalAgreement #JacobReesMogg
Can someone please explain this to me?
Technically the only people to blame for brexit are those who voted for it...the government are just carrying on the mess...they've had 2 years+ to sort it all out but they've left it too late...I believe people voted 'leave' based on false promises/policies...
Is this the white version of 50 vs Ja Rule?
I heard Brexit is all the rave in 2019
Stock the clock: senior people in the City call for a delay to Brexit
You're one confused leaver. The EU is a capitalist construct but more socially democratic than the low tax, low regs, low rights AngloSaxon capitalism of the US &amp; UK. Everyone gains from EU membership. That's why they remain members. #peoplesvote #brexit
On the morning after a monumental night before the #German &amp; #French #governments &amp; #Labour are talking about delaying #Brexit. What’s more the markets seem to be assuming that will happen
Massive schism between two party memberships.
The PS part in this video summarizes everything that needs to be said about current times everywhere.
Really? Leave politicians promising easy-deals in weeks, Uk-flavour-Norway, or a Europe falling over itself to cater for our demands. Brexit was whatever you wanted it to be. Then when it won, it became very clear Brexiteers all wanted very different things.
Brexit, Trump, Brexit Trump... The world is sh** since 2016. Sigh! We should end those rubbish ASAP. #ThingsThatAreBadForYourHealth
If you make nutshell into a verb, I will make nut into one.
Lovely x
Search on for Brexit consensus after May's crushing defeat | Reuters
Oh stop it! Just start sticking up for the poorest and most vulnerable by resisting this brexit shambles. Start doing your godamn job
...and she's still PM. Unbelievable!
31,000+ Petition: Brexit re article 50 it must not be suspended/stopped under any circumstances
After Theresa May's crushing Brexit deal defeat, some businesses like Newcastle-based Reece Group are calling for Britain's EU exit date to be moved back.
Benedict Cumberbatch in 's #Brexit: TV Review
If you think Brexit is what is posing a threat to us working class then you have been fooled along with the rest.
Another Brexit blog from 2016. Fairly prescient one too...
you are genius.
It is time 2 don our yellow jackets &amp; as ruddy cheeked whiskey drinker red nosed Ken Clark gave legitimacy to yellow jackets by telling another MP to join yellow jackets if he didn't like Remain blocking brexit
The result is not being 'delegitimised' - it was an advisory referendum and the Government has been unable to deliver a solution because lots of people disagree on what Brexit really means including Boris Johnson
PPL can't even realize how happy that PIMP is, bc that's what he is...and his #1TrickisDonald
"Labour MPs demanded that she extend article 50" ? Really ?
Proud to represent since 2015 the community I've lived in for 35 yrs &amp; was a Hounslow Councillor Always opposed #Brexit &amp; support #PeoplesVote if we can't get a general election On Transport Select Committee Constituents will get response to email ruthcadburymp .uk
Very sensible. It’s shocking that the British government hasn’t done this yet.
so must rights of #westernsahara in accordance with European Court of Justice
The explains what happens if #May 'throws a Hail Mary' May’s Brexit Deal Failed. What Happens Now?
"National-Disaster" rhetoric getting somewhat melodramatic.
Because #Remaimers #Remoaners are the world's worst losers. #Democracy is not something they honour any longer.
Varadkar confirms plans for hard border now being implemented #Brexit
I am no fan of Theresa May, nor overly impressed with th current shambolic Brexit negotiations. However. Clearly its more about politics than co-operative problem-solving. From all quarters.
Whitehall approach led to a 'Remainer's Brexit' - Davis via there it is right there the powers that be fucked it up from word go #brexit
Unity in the understanding of the devastating consequences of #Brexit to the citizens, families, businesses and institutions of UK
The real divide in our country is not between those who voted to remain in the EU referendum and those who voted to leave. It's between the Corbyn Leadership and virtually all of the Labour membership who want a #PeoplesVote to stop #Brexit
Billboard campaign reminds voters of MPs' Brexit promises
Her pick and choose approach is her Brexit DNA.
Theresa May’s deal for #Brexit rejected #bpa #eu
Sky news is the equivalent of Fox News in America except it's in favour of the establishment and the MSM in the UK and screwing us PLEBS. #Brexit
They tried that lie over and over and over before the referendum and the general election. yet we are weeks from a no deal Brexit and our economy is the fastest growing European country in the G7 and the EU is heading into recession! Which economic experts predicted that?
How does this Russian interference alone not justify a new referendum on #Brexit? #BrexitVote
What she means to say is that people &amp; parliament have been lied to &amp; manipulated &amp; have been exposed to criminal intent to subvert democracy &amp; obtain #Brexit at all costs which will destabilise the nation &amp; put it at risk #BrexitIsACrime #RevokeA50 #StopBrexit #MakeUKSafeAgain
intensifying preparations for no-deal #Brexit, MSPs told #Holyrood
Yes, far better for Scotland to consider independance again and urgently. #Brexit is getting a never-ending farce, the triumph of political ineptitude against democracy and good common sense.
I'm equally pleased and dismayed that 'Parliament TV' is now our go-to channel of an evening #Brexit #peakpolitics
I have come to the impression as UK has less resource, personnel, will and ability to carry out Brexit. Inevitably, seems better for UK to stay on in EU.
I think all Brits should watch and retweet this.
Theresa May’s Brexit plan suffered a huge defeat. What comes next? - BBC News US
As the crisis worsens, the Brexit countdown must be stopped
I will be doing a special Facebook live today to discuss #Brexit at 12-noon est. I will answer any questions y’all have on the stream or if you want one answered please comment below!
What top law firms are doing to prepare for Brexit #legalindustry #LegalNews
Because the world has changed since then, #UK trade with #Commonwealth had disappeared by 1970 which left us ‘poor man of Europe’. 20 years after joining #EU we recovered and became cross roads of the world by 2012. Now we chuck away a great future #StopBrexitSaveBritain
The R-Mogg never refers to this. Funny that.
Because that's not good for the government,,,, They don't want any more good news to hit the people, or they might think Brexit is a good idea,,, Whereas Tim comes across as though he's not sure what he's talking about, good pr for remain
Free will is an illusion. Lunchtime, doubly so.
Can you at least mention the option to first #RevokeArticle50, then have an information campaign, then have another vote? Brexit is costing us £727 per SECOND and this will tick on and get worse and the last companies are triggering their evacuation plans. #RevokeRemainRebuild
Unfortunately unless the Leader starts listening to the party supporters on a second referendum millions of Labour voters will start to turn away from the party. I've voted Labour all my adult life but I'm finding it hard to support JCs stance on Brexit.
“For all [the] rancour around Brexit, we should stay calm,” he continued. “In between Eeyorish pessimism and ­Tiggerish optimism, there is a place for stubborn optimism here. Lord Lilley
PM needs to realise that we're one country too. There seems to have been a lot of disregard for concerns raised by NI and Scot MPs/constituents over their Brexit position. SNP were prepared to rally around an EEA deal, with devolution of fishing &amp; agri. May drew her own lines.
Who can seriously want a no deal #brexit? A plan for a disoriented parliament: 1. Does parliament want a #NoDealBrexit? Yes-&gt;suicide, No-&gt;#PeoplesVote 2. Ask #EU for extension. 3. #PeoplesVote: #Brexit? If yes, May's deal or #NoDeal? Yes-&gt;Bye #EU, No-&gt;Hurray!
Complete nonsense; Labour's balanced position on Brexit is the correct one, designed to alienate nobody. They are playing the long game and will succeed; Corbyn has played a blinder over Brexit.
Brexit: Peter Kyle and Theresa May on new EU referendum
Brexit: EU countries ready to make concession on Irish border - Handelsblatt via
When visiting Germany, the locals used to nod and smile when I told them I was British. Now they either frown or burst out laughing and say ‘What on earth is going on in your country? Have you all gone crazy? #Brexitshambles #Brexit #embarrassing
"Wars rarely begin with the military." Perceptive but worrying thread by
Verhofstadt tweets EU EGG urging 'pro-Europeans' to unite over Brexit - but it BACKFIRES
This is absolutely brilliant!! Corbyn makes me laugh all the time; he really should turnout in curly wig, big red nose, bottomless pockets and oversized pointy shoes with bright coloured bobbles. He's a total clown and has dragged the racist Labour party into the gutter.
Which is the Togetherness which represents genuine Solidarity and which the fake? Brexit, like all Nationalisms, is Fake Solidarity. An appeal to mythical alliances and fabricated identities. The opposite of class-solidarity, or anything based on a relationship of equals.
Open Europe's 's piece was mentioned in today's #Brexit briefing. Read it here:
Brexit: deadlock means new vote or no deal, says Society
He’s just stopped Mays Brexit!
Celebrate #TheresaMaysDeal with these official Brexit Souvenir Cigarettes. #may #boris #mogg #farage #brexitfags #NoConfidenceVote #wankersoftheworld #Brexit #Tories #ThingsThatAreBadForYourHealth
Brexit will be sorted one way or another before any election. And constraining free movement has no place in the programme of any Labour government.
Complete nonsense; Labour's balanced position on Brexit is the correct one, designed to alienate nobody. They are playing the long game and will succeed; Corbyn has played a blinder over Brexit.
UK government faces no-confidence vote after Brexit defeat
The latest The GoC1930 Daily! Thanks to #bl #brexit
you must be a great disappointment to the once great PM Margaret Thatcher, who came from Grantham I suspect she is turning in her grave listening to you trying to stop Brexit are you insane or just stupid?
I’ve been watching the Brexit vote live on the parliament floor, and it strikes me how much I wish our representatives stood on the floor and hashed out our problems. What is doing is undemocratic. #callavote #OpenTheGovernment
TSB, Brexit, Trump and more! Tune in :)
talking about brexit in politics is so funny because i can tell how hyped up it makes my teacher when something significant happens
CAM PE ON!
The Daily 202: From Brexit to NATO and the shutdown, Putin is winning so much he might get tired of winning
means that Brexit vote Was a complete farce May,s advisors cannot manage a deal to EU UK will not Leave EU On 29th March a no deal will put the U K into a recession within a year
Brexit chaos will end this sham democracy in britain and trump drama will maybe do same in usa..the era of these deceptive democracy is over it seems and again kings and dictators will be the rule it seems...
So much this.
There's a sly reference only to Brexit, in the screenshot shown below
Nope. Couldn't bring myself to vote for Corbyn last time. I actually felt bad about it at the time as I've ALWAYS voted labour but his stance on brexit just turned my stomach. Lib Dems until Labour get their shit together on brexit.
If anyone saw Bill Browder today on MSNBC, he gave the clearest, most precise explanation of how &amp; why Trump &amp; Brexit are playing into Putin's hands. The major irony is that Putin is a FAILED leader w/very poor economy. But he grabs oppy to cause chaos in US and NATO. CAUTION!
"A hold-the-country-to-ransom Brexit" says #WithdrawalAgreement #NoDealBrexit
on just asked for a Brexit- The Movie songs. I suggested this: Arseholes, bastards...
May says a GE will not help the country find a solution to Brexit. And a Labout Hovt would not help either, she says. She is still mainlining the Kool Aid
said at least a year ago that there should be an 'inner cabinet' dealing with Brexit in order to prevent stagnation in all other fields of government. I definitely would agree (again) for 'implementation' #listenandapply #Soamesthehashtagking
It benefits the wealthiest in society at the expense of the poorest. Hence this whole Brexit thing.
Brexity bots are getting their second wind. Please vote and retweet
People’s vote or no Brexit pls Emma.
The overwhelming vote against Theresa May's exit plan on Brexit gives the UK an opportunity to reconsider their prior vote to exit the EU. Please Brits, take another vote. I believe the result might be very different. Their is no Europe without the UK. They saved Europe in '41
I'm against a people's vote but pro revoking article 50. And this should be done straight away. Takes away the cliff edge, and gives us time to sort out the type of Brexit we want as a country. I don't like the idea of Parliament negotiating a Brexit while the bomb is ticking.
he caused the problem now he wants others to actually screw it up even more. what a piece of work!
I hate to be a party pooper, but if Ref2 gets a small % Remain, and any Gov acts on it, half the country is still angry. If Leave get a small win, it's carte blanche for Hard Brexit. Only sustainable Remain is a total landslide in Ref2, and I don't think that'll happen :/
Brexit is starting to feel like some cosmically obsurd game of Deal or No Deal, with the only difference being that the final two boxes are the "1p" and a live fucking hornets nest.
Brexit is rewriting the rules of British politics. Follow my brilliant colleague, , for all you need to know.
"For AMLO, making Mexico great again means taking it back to the 1960s and 1970s." No lo pudieron decir mejor.
May knows what the EU will accept. The EU knows what May could try to do. Both know the alternative is a no-deal Brexit and neither wants it
British Prime Minister Theresa May suffers devastating historic defeat on key Brexit vote, antisemite Corbyn calls for no confidence vote via
Brilliant.
As was I, thank you for tweaking my OAP brain had forgotten. So 67.3% for 32.7% against, seems like 2 to 1, conclusive? Yesterday BBC showed video of two Welsh guys disagreeing, leaver said 52 to 48 was 'conclusive', however said if 2nd Ref. was 48 to 52 would be Inconclusive!
"The Brexit process feels like the world's worst Choose Your Own Adventure book, read by someone who's taken all..."
Did French President Emmanuel Macron sum up Brexit better than the British?
I have #NoConfidence in anyone who has confidence in the current weak, wobbly &amp; incompetent leadership. #Brexit #MayXit #PeoplesVoteNow
William Davies "The seductions, myths and affirmations of nationhood are raked through in search of what all this is about. What if there is in British political culture a deep, generalised urge to depart?": via #brexit #brexitvote
Well everyone else regrets he did.
Great minds think alike ...
Brexit: Nicola Sturgeon promises independence timetable in 'weeks'
You spend the full 1:45 min going "WOOOOOWWWWWW"!
Wednesday January 16 - The Daily 202: From Brexit to NATO and the shutdown, Putin is winning so much he might get tired of winning Via
It's just a ploy to stop brexit so yes it is anti democratic
Here says it will be very difficult to avoid border checks in the event of a hard brexit but today says there are no plans for border checks in the event of a hard brexit. No wonder Shane Ross is confused.
Reading the UK Gov website guidance for EU immigrants post Brexit is about as straight forward as reading Ulysses while doing LSD.
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
For Corbyn to say Brexit is not the most important issue facing the UK is incredibly blind or cynical. Like sitting in a bus heading for the cliff edge and saying our priority is something else than stopping the damn bus ! Crazy !!!
Decided to swipe past and not read any Brexit or Gillette stuff this week. Only worth getting wound up about things you can influence or change and those aren't one of them
Which newspaper editor would be brave enough to run the headline “Surrounded by braying women...” ? Plenty of women shouting the odds over Brexit. Everywhere #ToxicMasculinity #DailyTelegraph
We have already been through this, they said no.
There is no grievance here. Good luck Dom! (Even though I’d prefer it was to revoke #A50, I know a PV will get more support from the back benches).
Brexit deal voted down
Goldman Sachs sees greater chance of Brexit being scrapped altogether after historic defeat
Brilliant. Should be nationwide! I'll donate.
Brexit..is it a final nail in British empire's coffin?
Such good writing and unforgettable phrases - a must-read
hanging in millions of brexit bedrooms throughout the land!
#WednesdayWisdom A #FinalSay, a #PeoplesVote Sad but true, too many were misled regarding #Brexit in the 2016 referendum with lies, electoral law breaking and interference by foreign powers who did not have the UK's interest at heart.
To be fair, on Brexit he’s on the same side as she is.
NEVER FORGET THE COALITION OF CRUELTY 2010 TO 2015!
Gareth Bale’s Real Madrid Future in Doubt if ‘No Deal’ Brexit Is Approved
It's truly remarkable that the #Brexit crisis is being made worse by two leaders, both too stubborn and idealistic to make decisions. Historians will not be kind to May and Corbyn. And history's a brilliant service. #brexitdebate
The original Brexit vote was a referendum — not legislation. It’s not a failure of democracy to go back to the people and say, “this is what we came up with”
YOU are reading this all wrong AGAIN guardian, this ISN'T a tragic May's defeat, this is a joyful victory for WTO HARD #BREXIT
Steve Hilton: Original intent of Brexit - restoring freedom and sovereignty - buried by inept bureaucrats #FoxNews
Except a large proportion of the membership love him much more than they feel one way or another on Brexit. So they’ll not be out there pounding the streets to campaign for the sort of centrists they’ve spent 3 years vilifying as practically Tory.
Slams PM May's 'Surrender Document' #Brexit Deal, Demands Her Resignation #brexitdebate
At least he didn’t call Brexit lit
7 hours to go til Theresa May's no-confidence vote. #brexit
Anytime someone mentions a war in relation to brexitbi involuntarily roll my eyes like its muscle memory
Good the European should be afraid of no deal Brexit.
creating the best lead #generating #sign up #form #landing pages.get your #landing page done by me.i am Always ready to work with new challenges.. see my offers:
German press in an oped writes that EU has 2 meet UK halfway 2 avoid 'Hard Brexit' following last night's defeat of 's deal - what does that mean: amended 'backstop' w/ a 'sunset clause' as discussed with my colleague
Might fuck around and negotiate Brexit x
Politics has degenerated to soundbites. Brexit was too big an issue for soundbites. Our politicians are no longer capable of coherent thought.
Yep Brexit = Corbyn = Trump. Time to understand these are all mirror images of each other. ‘Radical’ solutions that are archaic, counter-productive, and infested by criminals and hypocrites
Has anyone written 'Brexit The Musical' yet?
Brexit Schmexit
Thank you, Oh dear " The Doubt &amp; the Grasses from the Continents". Not easy hey? There is always the Socialist's triple tax ...Create Customes, add Duties &amp; tax that. That's Non Etonian, but Modern. Let others do the work...doubt is gonna cost big heaps.
, you’ve got Brexit PTSD; try some private therapy? Don’t continue to be duplicitous / or flog a dead donkey. Let’s go WTO! When do we want it? NOW! Promote the Petition; already heard but still sign:
"Theresa May, who rose to the occasion like a replicant Anglepoise lamp."
This is the shit I´ve been talking about, Farage is a fake ass opportunist cashing in on being "anti", two wages no less, he doesn´t 'think' it will probably be a second ref , rather he WANTS it! #EU #Britain #Brexit
The best deal for Britain: No matter where you live in fragile states. #Brexit #BrexitChaos #StopBrexit #TheresaMay #Conservatives
Fuck off you prick
Good Hard brexit is the best option for UK! No 39B payments!
What if *Putin* wants to crash the economy? America is a mess, brexit is a mess.. looks like his plan is going swimmingly.
Best review of what happened I have read yet. I have British friends who bought into the simplifications &amp; lies of the Far Right Theresa May lost the Brexit vote because Brexit was a lie via
Give it up, Britain! You know you really want to stay in the EU! Besides, the proponents of Brexit lied to you. You've been Donald Trumped on Brexit. Be smarter than we are and reject it outright.
Like #Corbyn or not. #May has spent 24 months supposedly working on this deal. To come back with what she did, doesn't reflect 24 months of work. #Brexit
Billboard campaign reminds voters of MPs' Brexit promises
#SovereignWTOBrexit is the only way to deliver Brexit, democracy and a future for Great Britain and is exactly what we voted for...
Following last night's defeat of her Brexit plan, how do Twitterers feel about how history will record Teresa May's (overall) performance as Prime Minister - in marks out of ten ? Personally, I'd give her a 4
Let’s talk Brexit and shutdown and escooters on with me and - Tune into 107.1FM and 91.1FM - or online at
I mean it's reasonable they give Corbyn one shot at this. When they asked today what his Brexit stance would be if he wins, he basically said he hasn't decided yet. Why would they embarrass themselves by repeatedly backing his vanity trip on which he's set out no alternative?
Dear Ma’am, maybe it’s time you ask for another referendum .... pl do watch monsieur explain it to you .... there is still time for you to create history .... #BrexitShambles #Brexitdeal #BrexitChaos can be changed
different Brexit outcomes.
There are multiple parties saying they'll stop brexit. Very few people care
#ECSH*TTINGBRICKS if the EC want our money, let them beg :-)
Which is why should phone reasonable MPs in a lead to #ExitBrexit
If you believe there is "democracy" in the EU... BBC News - Brexit vote: Donald Tusk hints UK should stay in EU
Billboard campaign reminds voters of MPs' Brexit promises
Diane does not understand what she voted for in 2016 - the EU IS the SM &amp; CU! What a plank.
Brexit group posts huge billboards of MPs' quotes around Dover via
It’s clearer than ever that Corbyn is the pivotal point on Brexit and FBPE were right. Today’s Labour’s party risks ending up a tiny hardcore Lexit rump with most voters and almost all younger voters shifting to a new centrist party. Brexit = tuition fees
Sorry he was first calling in parliament for a GE to break the Brexit deadlock. Now more and more stuff is getting added and the focus is being taken away. Brexit should be priority as it has the potential to be far worse for this country and also the quickest to fix
I dont think people understand BREXIT.I saw the panic started when some countries experienced a job loss, It was the way to go for ALL European countries so the world could have been saved
What do commentators across Europe think about the state of Brexit? “A proud, once-great power is now dedicated to committing serious self-harm – which could also damage Sweden … And no one, I repeat no one, knows what will happen now.”
Very short shrift for #Brexit enthusiasts tbf
Brexit and EU integration in UK supply chains
#Brexit I think this says it all!
What was that?
Hannan was fine with free movement. May is not. Which one represents Brexit?
That's a 2nd referendum, because I know Brexit will ruin us, you can stick you GE.
In financial services, the EU is already making unilateral declarations of equivalence across key areas such as cleared derivatives, allowing a continuation of current arrangements even on a hard Brexit. via
The less we hear from , the better! He should be ashamed for the mess he started and it's telling that he still won't take responsibility for his callous actions...Rest assured he'll do it when he wants to write a tell-all book and get paid... #Muppet
Balfour boss in Brexit blast at Chancellor
#May had a point in her #NoConfidence speech re: . He is certainly partially to blame. If #Labour had a competent leader who opposed #Brexit, supported #NATO, and didn't act like a strange '70s era Labour MP, the #UK could have had a clear and sensible alternative.
There has to be a muddle way out of this mess - akin to war time pulling together.
No regrets. #brexit
“Last night’s result of the meaningful vote shows that businesses still have no clarity and the risk of a disorderly #Brexit has increased. We remain hopeful a resolution can still be found putting an end to the uncertainty" says
I went to Eton, goddammit, I can’t be wrong!
Minford did say that. He is right but it’s just collateral damage if Brexit
Jeremy Crobyn really wants power. I think he forgets a tiny bit of info, the EU is not willing to renegotiate a Brexit deal. So, what exactly does he want? No brexit? A second referendum?
It's the remix to Ignition, Come sign our useless petition, Corbyn silent on Brexit, Got every centrist dismissin'.
Ok, So Where The Hell Does Brexit Go From Here? via
Why don't you stick to pretending to be a presenter and keep you political ideas to yourself...AND if Brexit is so bad, I will gladly buy you a single ticket to ANY European country of your choise....Then you will see what its really like in Europe....
You mean I am not the only one? There’s another?? #moonlighting
Because the super rich and priveliged will come out the other side of Brexit fine whatever happens
Financial experts react to Theresa May's Brexit deal defeat via
One for you ?
Cross-party talks on Brexit. Now there’s a novel idea!!! (About time we saw an end to party politics in the UK Government and recognise that elected representatives across parliament can play a part in Govt, whoever won a majority.) #brexitdebate
Hyped for his crossover act arguing that no deal Brexit is the clearest indication yet that the chancellor is considering reforming pension tax relief.
Dude - only you will get this - THE PHARCYDE JUST LIKED MY TWEET!!! It was about the pharcyde's "Runnin" being on my Brexit playlist. Who knew they cared about Brexit?
New Vehicle Reg | Change of ownership | Renewal - 09090144706 Governor Udom Emmanuel economy fani-kayode fenty Falz Theresa May Kenya Brexit
$UBSG $DBK Pound Traders Indulge in Some Wishful Brexit Thinking via
That’s so corny
It's undeniable that #Brexit and #Politics on the whole is pretty entertaining at the moment... but it's got a bit out of hand. About a year ago we wrote a piece on our website about the importance of doing boring well. We could do with a bit of boring right now.
#BrexitDeal Why would EU grant UK a better deal to leave? Hard Brexit?
Very true, absolute disgrace #Labour
Conversations like this going on everywhere today. Some more good-natured than others!
I feel I should note a rare moment when I rather agree with
Macron: Leaving the EU is not possible. Arrogance personified in a man whose popularity in his own country is at an all time low last time I looked.
Billboard campaign reminds voters of MPs' Brexit promises
Brilliant #PMQs #brexit
‘Park the unicorns,’ Emily Maitlis tells cabinet minister on Brexit – BBC Newsnight
UK property chiefs call for clarity in wake of Brexit vote
Agree
Wow! Given that Macron is so honest and I trust him implicitly, this is a worrying statement of undevisive, unmanipulative, uncondescending, absolute truth from him. Cancel Brexit immediately! Vive la EU et vive Macron! ...and excuse me while I throw up.
I couldn’t agree more. I have said this many times over the past weeks. ( agreement at conference and majority of Labour members/voters anti Brexit) That just resulted in loads of answers calling me Blairite or Bot....
is spot on and has been hugely impressive and dignified throughout the Brexit debate.
This!
I was most disappointed that today's edition of your informative show has been, regrettably, cancelled. How the latest #Brexit shenanigans are presently affecting both the and international markets, is of the utmost importance to nearly all of your regular tv viewers.
Blocking Brexit won’t cause far right surge as Brexit nothing to do with racism #satire #comedy #fakenews
Fundamentals of the public split here, is one overly confident and the other overly pessimistic one all sunny uplands and the other we are a lost boy that needs his hand held. One we are better off now and into the future and the other the #eu scaremongering, it's reflective
ECB’s Nowotny expects no major banking disruption from Brexit insecurity
One of my favourite campaigns at the moment....
It's the only logical course left , there's no majority in Parliament for Brexit.
creating the best lead #generating #sign up #form #landing pages.get your #landing page done by me.i am Always ready to work with new challenges.. see my offers:
Should UK take advice from a man who is himself such a big loser? His pro EU anti French decisions have caused his ratings to plummet from 66% to only19% and he has been overtaken by Marie Le Penn's NR party. Better to do the opposite of what he advises then success is assured.
Don't think I realised just how far Wigan was. Wanted to go down here to see the junction but it's nearly a 2 hour cycle (and I doubt there's any infra to get to it). Photos look great though!
Labour have had a plan for Brexit including a customs union. The media either pretend this plan don’t exist or say the EU will never renegotiate May's the EU confirm, they WOULD renegotiate a new deal without May's red lines, ie for a plan like Labour's.
There should be a Brexit tax for everyone who voted leave. The proceeds should then be distributed to those of us who never wanted to be part of this shit show!!!
Our founder called to give evidence to 's Working Group on Brexit: 'we can't keep doing the same thing over and over expecting a different result. That's Einstein's definition of insanity.' #refondationUE
6. Second Brexit referendum looks more likely than ever #axiosam
That would be worst than brexit .
Theresa May is thinking of one thing alone: her legacy. She must deliver Brexit otherwise she will go down in history as the most disastrous prime minister ever... but I think that will happen anyway.
Brexit the Musical
May is getting Corbyn on board to get the deal remainers want. With Corbyns support both the ERG and the DUP will be unable to vote against the government. It will be Brexit in name only and nothing would change !
Putin is the only winner. He has won the war without fighting
British PM Faces Confidence Vote after Brexit Humiliation
as with the brexit voter Andrew the choice is fairly limited bad or not so bad
On WTO no border in Ireland means the UK must have open borders with everyone. As per WTO Most Favored Nations. I thought Brexit was all about "taking control of our borders". How do you square that circle?
Brexit vote leaves Irish border in limbo
Merkel rules out any renegotiation of the brexit deal &amp; also says extending article 50 is fiction.
You just didn't like the result.... The rest is straw man bullshit
I’d love it if no confidence would pass, but it’s a long shot, then we got to unite around stopping brexit. It’s just a divide and rule distraction.
The PM must step down her zombie government is finished. The vote was called the commons have agreed its time for her to step down and leave. #brexit #zombiegovernment #TheresaMay
Please do watch this and retweet the hell out of it!
Netflix, China boost Wall Street as investors shrug off Brexit vote
This is why labour and corbyn won't win a general election, the important thing at the moment is BREXIT and all he wants is try get another general election, get over the fact you keep losing! NO DEAL!
So what?! An ultra-rich football player might have problems with Brexit and we should care?
They won't be rallying to her side in Confidence Vote 2, probably within a week or two Theresa May is going to have to pivot to No Deal or Soft Brexit, and the Tory house of cards will come tumbling down
soft brexit is the uk maintaining membership of the single market, respecting the 4 freedoms of that market, and staying inside the customs union, with the same external tarriff because...ireland and manufacturing. Labour want to stop free movement, they want to reduce my rights
I cant think of any better way to completely delegitimize the entire present day governing class as to hold a second referendum and/or not do Brexit. Such a referendum will all but certainly lead to a general uprising against most authority and give legitimacy to extreme violence
“We are in a bizarre situation where the two main party leaders have never been more apart on political philosophy but closer together on the issue of the day. And internal party management has been their overriding concern.”
Awesome from Lies &amp; fraud that resulted in #Brexit are not mentioned enough This wretched government still trying to sell their "deal" that nobody wants No 'Plan B', just the threat of No Deal.... Scotland can and will do better.... #DissolveTheUnion
The media have a lot to answer for, most have been anti-Brexit from day one. Crashing out and Cliff Edge are all their attempt to sensationalise leaving without a Deal. After TM's WA defeat the Government must immediately tell the EU we are Leaving with No Deal. No more doubt !!!
New post: What to Expect from the GBP/USD Pair Source: Forex News {$inline_i #Forex #ForexAnalysis #currencypairs
As I said, the #Tory Wreckers will cling to power to keep a pro #Palestinian Corbyn out, it's their main concern, not #Brexit..(Theresa May keeps attacking Jeremy #Corbyn, plans to sideline him from cross-party Brexit talks) #CapeTown #SouthAfrica
Why not? Brexit hasn’t even happened yet for you to form an opinion of if its right or wrong. What has happened is an attempt gain power through chaos by labour &amp; remainers making it difficult for the government to act on what the people voted for
'Catastrophic Defeat': UK Parliament rejects Theresa May's Brexit deal via
"Prophetic leadership is needed at this moment in the nation’s history when its steps are faltering."
He is gone anyway end of the Season you should go not because brexit Just because his career is over over there
Sorry. If you can't be civil then I don't engage. Your understanding of Brexit is about as good as your understanding of how to use the Caps lock on your key board.
"...take back control of our waters." I'm not even in control of it coming out of the tap most days. #Brexit
fucking snookered him
GBP/USD Forecast: Sterling Boosted By Prospects Of Delayed Brexit After The Historical Defeat
In 2070 we still be having #Brexit referendums. Not real Democracy
"I don't think it's fair that you get to vote when you're not going to experience the consequences of the vote" So poor people who pay no taxes should have no vote at all, since they're not the ones paying for it?
Total rubbish. Problem is different parties trying to frustrate Brexit for their own party gains, all at the expense of this country's future. They should all hold their heads in shame.
The only sensible Brexit is no Brexit. There's no democratic mandate for anything actually achievable, only for a superposition of ridiculous fantasy options presented by the fraudulent Leave campaigns. And that is tainted by criminals, cheats, and liars.
Thereisa Maybebetterplaceforyouyallhearsumn
Why does it require compromise? The EU has responded at all stages to UK demands, being clear what we can have according to our so called 'red lines'. It is up to us choose to what we want. We are the supplicants. We are the ones that say we want to leave.
May gone, who's next? Theresa May's Brexit deal defeated in Commons vote via
Petition: Brexit re article 50 it must not be suspended/stopped under any circumstances @@
MPs are being brilliantly trolled by billboards featuring their own tweets | indy100
Another hobby MP who blatantly lied to the electorate to gain his seat.
Ken Clarke's Brexit plan is EXACTLY the same as Labour/ Corbyn's plan, #GeneralElectionNow #ToriesOut
With congrats to Vlad, of course on a plan well executed.
Thanks for your expertise on this Tom. I have heard friends echo these experiences also. I find it strange and surprising. Hopefully things will calm down in the post-Brexit era.
Asia moves to reassure firms as Brexit uncertainty spikes #Brexit #UK #EU #Asia #Scotland #NI #Wales #England #Ireland #voters #politics #elections #economy #trade #finance #markets #investors
If the result had gone the other day, the Leavers would have continued their campaign - the failure to deliver Brexit and the prospect of No Deal has opened the whole issue up again
Sorry, but I am enjoying these today #brexit
Your shutdown puts the US in disarray. Brexit has UK in chaos. Putin is laughing his ass off at us. Putin is proving to Russians that “the vote” is an overrated freedom and “speech” made of lies can destroy a government. Wake up! #MAGAts
“A negotiated deal or some kind of second referendum, delay or cancellation [of Brexit] remain the only options.” Matt ruling out voting for second referendum. Doesn’t want No Deal. Feels like A50 delay is becoming increasingly likely.
Read him passages from Gina Miller’s anti-Brexit book RISE. He'll see the potential for a new role for Black youth in the public realm.
Fuck that guy, but he has some valid points
We wouldn't be in this mess if their ink was cut off years ago
So, we’re set to leave the EU on 29th March. The big question is how will GDPR be affected post Brexit? Will it still apply to UK businesses? This article from the guys featured by offers some legal insight #GDPR #Brexit
Brexit: EU opens door to further trade negotiations if Theresa May ditches red lines
Well done . What ppl fail to realise is that a coalition is about both cooperation &amp; compromise. Give &amp; take. weren't in charge, but tempered the Conservatives in coalition govt. Had voters stuck with for another coalition, there'd have been no Brexit.
This lad can’t even keep the famous Champs Elysée open...
Companies cry out for Brexit clarity, warn on no-deal
I think this is a mistake. After two years being the BBCs Brexit news show, I think you've earnt the right to be shown on the news channel above what amounts to Politics Live.
The PS part in this video summarizes everything that needs to be said about current times everywhere. #BrexitVote #Brexit
Surrey council bosses will discuss #Brexit strategies on Friday when chief executives gather for their regular meeting. Click below to find out more about the possible #Local impact of Brexit.
The point presumably is that voters get to vote on more than just Brexit (important though that is) in that sense I guess the argument runs that it is a broader 'peoples vote' shining a light on policy differences which may have been understandably overshadowed by Brexit?
Environmental groups have warned that a no-deal #Brexit would have an immediate effect on the #environment, including risks around #water quality.
Brexit: Theresa May faces vote of no confidence
As we discussed before Dean , it's a waste of time this. There's no way I'll be persuaded and no way you will be. I still think that Brexit won't happen and I dread the outcome whatever.
same reason they wont give any air time, they are scared too many people see that Brexit might actually be better that TM's deal
This is what Humphrey the cat thinks of the ‘circular’ Brexit debate.
But unless we have a change of Govt a terrible Brexit will happen under the Tories. Labour's tactic to get elected or, if that fails, to look at all other possibilities (like seeking a 2nd referendum) was made policy by conference. Fingers x'd we end up staying in The EU somehow!
There ia a third: RESIGN
I don't know if you're a parody or not? You clearly retarded if you do not know the answers to those questions and then throw the 'abuse of democracy' card whilst ordering to cancel brexit? Deary me.
So May says she will discuss brexit with the DUP and senior parliamentarians... since the DUP wants the most extreme red line brexit, how will that achieve a new compromise? Stubbornness is not the same as strength #PeoplesVoteNow
#trade Companies cry out for Brexit clarity, warn on no-deal Furious companies facing weeks more uncertainty over an ever closer Brexit lashed out at politicians on Wednesday, and warned of chaos at ports and catastrophic job losses if Britain failed to secure a withdrawal …
"If parliament fails to delivery on Brexit, views of British people will be at an all time low". Terrifying that Theresa May thinks the views of the British public could get lower still. Mine have been bottomed out for months.
Pound enjoys strongest rally versus euro in a year as Carney warns of Brexit volatility via
Please take note
Treasury yields follow British gilts higher as market plays down chance of hard Brexit … MARKETWATCH January 16, 2019 at 01:15PM
"Prophetic leadership is needed at this moment in the nation’s history when its steps are faltering."
Many MPs have done zero to help us leave many even trying to block us leaving ( even though most of them got elected with manifestos supporting leaving). Now they are saying brexit failed we need another referendum or extension of Article 50.
If the majority of MP's had their way we'd have stayed out of the war, too much hassle, too expensive, bad for the economy etc...sound familiar?
What has Brexit got to do with anti semitism? Those accusations don't hold water anymore.. Theresa May has been a failure as an mp.
Labour in real danger now of being a passenger to the next few weeks, and passengers to the UK going off a cliff with the #Brexit process having come to a screeching halt last night. Labour's inability to effectively oppose Gov't Brexit policy leaves them as an enabler of it.
Government ‘sneaks out’ £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote
While our establishment politicians on their EU-funded pensions might want to overturn Brexit, the people of Britain will never surrender to...
Sick of #brexit &amp; #teresamay being scapegoat. If #MPs voted purely on proposed policy/deal is right for UK, rather than being bitter their party don't have majority might get somewhere. Whoever had to lead it would have same backlash &amp; who wants/do they want as PM now anyway?
I’m not enjoying it, but there is a fun irony in Britain trying to recapture the privileged spirit of Empire, and instead ending up a third-world country. #brexit
NEWS: Luxembourg says no-deal Brexit plans now 'full steam' ahead (Reuters)
BREXIT - no confidence motion - Sky are predicting 326-313 against the motion of no confidence. So a government win is predicted.
There will be no uk
We’re running out of time before the #Brexit deadline could see the UK crash out of the EU, hurting women the most. stop playing politics and join our demands for a #PeoplesVote
They'd be broken by this one. Most of the talk about #Brexit since the start has been a load of B A Baracus I thank you... #pity #mrt via
can go further back still to the first #Brexit nearly 5 centuries ago, when Henry VIII sought to take back control by breaking from #Rome.'
Leaving aside the £350m for the NHS, the Brexit campaign promised quick and easy trade deals with the EU and the rest of the world, an end to ECJ jurisdiction and free movement, British control of North Sea fishing. None of this has come to pass.
Corbyn, in my opinion, is a disaster for Labour. Personally, he’s in favor of Brexit for his own reasons while much of his party wants another referendum.
If they made it legal to fire past-stayers as part of Brexit finalization kwim? It would get every business behind it. Solidify base and make citizenry very happy indeed. No more sullen migrant workers refusing to scrub or even budge an inch, milking UKs employment laws.
Exactly . Convince conference to not table #peoplesVote instead go for GE , then say that means delivering Brexit ( NOT party policy ) , then Gardner saying they want repeat NC votes &amp; corbyn telling ppl he’ll never call a PV . He’s betrayed his party &amp; UK .
Injuries have already ruined his career
DEVELOPING: British PM May faces no-confidence vote today after her Brexit plan is crushed in Parliament.
nothing soft about labour policy on brexit.
I think you may have missed it but there has already been 2 peoples vote, the referendum and general election. There was also a vote by MPs to trigger Article 50. Roll on March 30th #Brexit #nodealnoproblem
Good the European Union should be afraid of no deal Brexit.
: Oh dear, they don’t like my deal. I wonder why! But then, it’s nothing to do with me... “Michel Barnier admits #EU has never been so afraid of no deal and demands #UK breaks #Brexit deadlock.” via
False. Mrs May's agreement does deliver Brexit - under it, the UK would no longer be a member of the EU after March 29. It may not be the Brexit many hoped for or expected, but it does deliver Brexit.
. : #Brexit is not only a UK issue. The situation should be considered extremely urgent for Europe as 30-40% of #medtech have been certified and provided via a UK notified body #MHRA guidance on a no-deal scenario
UK leader Theresa May suffers resounding defeat on her Brexit divorce deal
Steve Hilton: Original intent of Brexit - restoring freedom and sovereignty - buried by inept bureaucrats I would lie to hear from the British People here on twitter, what do they think about Theresa May ,how do they feel bout what she’s doing to them.!
Rights of Irish in Britain and British in Ireland protected from no-deal Brexit via
It should be stopped by the authourities this is the kind of behaviour that has caused all the division over Brexit...Not the people themselves the constant taunting by the MSM and the EU
Politics Live - Banner-Labour,MP'stakevotebacktopeopleblahblah Politicians (selfish reasons) destroy Brexit/won't impliment our peoples vote. To get themselves off the hook, must we really vote for Remain for them? Sturgeon tells us vote again from HOC. Could May in Scotland?
This is what they've done all the way through Brexit talks. They are so biased...I don't know how they are allowed to get away with it
Trump real boss. Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
Ding-dong indeed. Britain and Brexit, summed up by two disagreeing Welshmen
We might have to defer brexit for 10,000,000 years while an organic computer determines what the question might be...
Newstalk Podcast - UK Political A listers give Brexit fall out options via #brexitdebate #NoConfidenceMotion #BrexitChaos
UK PM faces no confidence vote as MPs reject Brexit deal
Give these two a talkshow immediately.
Long-Bailey says it is not 'automatic' Labour would back second referendum if it fails to get election -- on our live blog -- Brexit: MPs debate no-confidence motion after May's deal defeat – Politics live
Trump Shutdown and no deal Brexit? A winning combo! For our enemies
I'm not really interested in another debate on whether or not Britain is right to leave. I just find it mad that people would vote leave, despite believing that remaining is beneficial to the UK. To me, it's a strange way to vote, ragardless of whether you're for/against Brexit
Financial experts react to Theresa May's Brexit deal defeat via
"Brexit is bad. Immigrants make Britain great. They also cooked and served your food today." A restaurant across the river from Parliament is putting anti-Brexit slogans on its receipts.
We're live, talking Brexit with , and .
Not convinced ERG supporting May in this NC vote is a strategy that will help their stated Brexit position.
Come and stand in St Albans where our MP ignored her Remain constituents and pushes for a hard Brexit. We would vote for you!
The leaders of the Liberal Democrats and Green Party: Anti-Brexit electoral pact between Liberal Democrats and Green Party - Sign the Petition! via
The UK government and politics have rarely been in a more shambolic state, but Brexit chaos may not be the disaster for sterling you might think. COLUMN-As global growth clouds darken, sterling may not be hostage to Brexit fortune
Is there a centrist coalition around which PM May can form a #brexit coalition asks Amb. Stuart Eizenstat? “I think there is a pretty large grouping... which would like to see a more moderate form of Brexit. Where that goes from here is hard to say.”
Of course you do, you are both remainers and Im afraid the public woyld not buy this shoddy deal, its not #Brexit but a betrayal !
David Cameron: I don't regret calling EU referendum: Former UK prime minister David Cameron… #Brexit #BBC #News
I’m inclined to agree but maybe a full Brexit will toughen us up
"Prophetic leadership is needed at this moment in the nation’s history when its steps are faltering."
Jezza is almost jesus the NWO satanist kiddiefiddlers hate so much #Brexit
Brexit Meltdown, Theresa May massively defeated
"the worst thing we could do" indeed go along the route of zimbabwe, venezuela etc. rigged elections, voting etc. etc. #Brexit #PeoplesVote
No, James had one quote he wanted a yes no answer on. 2 years he’s been lecturing us on how wrong brexit is and how right he is, and all he had was one question. Jrm showed him up for the idiot he is!
Brexit: May will liefern
The latest index by #landlords in London have lost around £1,806 in rental income since the #Brexit vote: #lettings #PropertyNews
Labour said it was “obviously inaccurate” to claim the party did not have a plan for Brexit. “We have been promoting it for months: a new customs union, a close relationship with the single market, no race to the bottom on rights,”
They are not respect the vote yesterday.
Steve Hilton: Original intent of Brexit - restoring freedom and sovereignty - buried by inept bureaucrats
It would also be put at risk by Brexit but that's not stopping you.
See here. Don't have source for refusal to retract. Thread it's in is useful reference, if admittedly a bit selective.
If you have two brexit options and one remain option remain would obviously win because the leave vote would be split.
Campaigners Demand Gallery Lose Nonprofit Status Because of “Reverse Brexit” Project
Parliament has failed our country, brexit has broken it.
Brexit: Jeremy Corbyn demands election to 'break deadlock' The Labour leader says Theresa May will lose the right to govern if her deal is voted down by MPs.
Indeed. No Brexit is a possibility as it's not clear if *all* of what Labour want would be agreed in negotiations. To heal the divisions due to Austerity and the Tories' Brexit is also critical as up to 17m think Brexit is the solution.
Billboard campaign reminds voters of MPs' Brexit promises
#Brexit Anthem
you can't do brexit. The tories are struggling at it not because they're not trying (that's the nicest thing I'll say about the tories) but because you can't do it. it is impossible to do it
the good friday agreement has to be broken to do brexit. Either you don't do brexit or you're comfortable falling out big time with ireland plus everything that entails
Brexit 2: May &amp; Trump vs Truth, with Stephen Fry via
I suspect FoM is one of the main reasons we have Brexit, given that it appears the influx of low-skilled works negatively impacts wages of those already existing here. I would not support the keeping of FoM.
Only 16% of the Ethical Medicines Industry Group's members have confidence in the government's handling of #Brexit, a recent survey reveals - #pharma #lifesciences
Jeremy Corbyn: I will listen to members on second Brexit vote Eighty-six percent of Labour members are in favor of a public vote.2018.
Please. The Brexit vote was backed by an English nationalist movement that fomented under the Tories for years and was given the chance to flourish by a PM who played party politics and drastically miscalculated. The EC isn't perfect, sure, but the blame here lies with Cameron.
TransferWise applying for Brussels license in bid to navigate a ‘no deal’ Brexit TransferWise , the London-headquartered international money transfer company, is applying for a new licence in Brussels, in a bid to navigate a possible “no deal” Brexit
With the uncertainty of Brexit on many peoples mind, our team hasn't seen any slowdown and have been very busy since the turn of the year! Get in touch today if you need any landlord or tenant advice today. #DragonflyLettings #Brexit #Cringleford
So it all had to come to this. Just footnote.
Up to Brits to come up with Brexit solution: Rasmussen [ ]
“I don’t regret planting the nail-bomb. All that blood, injury and death though? Nasty business.”
We voted to have our own migration policy, not to remain subject the to migration rules of the EU Single Market. #brexit
BBC News - WTO rules: What happens if there's a no-deal Brexit?
Maybe it's because she is on a mission to betray Brexit. That is the only job that she is doing well....
Gloria Runce-Padbury, Ashford (64): "#ZombieGovernment? #FrankensteinDeal? How much more terrifying can this #Brexit nonsense get?" #Corbyn #PMQs #PeoplesVote #TheresaMayIsOverParty #TheresaMay #BBC #bbcqt #politicslive
Brexit was approved by voters before May became PM. She just took over the mess, trying to find an acceptable way to exit...Labor Party wants to do it cold turkey which will destroy UK economy. But, oh well...looks like Putin got to them, too.
Technically, UK/EU data flows will be affected by hard #Brexit since the UK will become a “third country” without an adequacy decision from the EU Commission
of course this is a benefit but the nhs has fallen into crisis during eu membership- brexit will not stop (nor should it) immigration but the scale has to change otherwise a never ending workforce and infrastructure will be needed on this island
Recruitment industry reaction as Brexit fails by #recruitment #Brexit
No. I'm asking you to prove your assertion that Brexit is a racist endeavour. So far, you've failed. Why is Brexit - the result of a referendum on our membership of the EU - "racist"?
#Islam #Brexit #AFD #London None of the earliest mosques face Mecca
To Clarify, as An Anglo Irish clever Bloke, it is now critically important that #Brexit either takes place or does not.
ECB officials step up the urgency of their warnings that a messy Brexit could further damage the currency area’s slowing economy via #tictocnews
A great infographic produced by Moneycorp following yesterday's historic vote in Parliament. Who knows where this is going now! We could really do with some certainty for a change #Brexit #moneycorp #infographic #membership #GIMA
My feelings precisely #fbpe
So this douche gets to link failure of "help the ultra rich" Trump/May gov'ts to some boon for Russia - with no evidence/justification. Their policies are in the shitter because all see that they will crush the masses &amp; kiss the rich.
Brexit 2: May &amp; Trump vs Truth, with Stephen Fry - YouTube #Brexit
We're LIVE talking about Brexit
"We have the confidence of the people" - Theresa May. How deluded can you get? It is ridiculous that she even suggests she does. What a joke. #Brexit
Onlookers cheer as the Parliament in the United Kingdom votes against accepting Theresa May's Brexit deal. Source ABC News #uk #ukprimeminister #theresamay #ukparliament #london #brexit
Classic #ProjectFear. Look at the dates on those tweets - and anyway, I thought people are entitled to change their mind, or does that not apply to MPs? #PeoplesVote #Brexit #BrexitVote
BBC News - Brexit and no-confidence vote: Corbyn targets 'zombie government' The Maybot doesn't get it.
I've just a had stupid thought in my head about Theresa May running a BnB except it's called "Bed and Brexit" and whenever someone asks her why the beds are so filthy and disgusting, she responds, "Nothing's changed".
Theresa May: An extinct prime minister and her dead-man-walking government (by George Galloway) — RT Op-ed
David Cameron already quit. The politicians who sold this impossible bill of goods (we can Brexit and keep all the advantages), none of those guys are at the negotiating table. Instead they’re letting Theresa May do the work and she’s being roasted for their mess.
Depressingly accurate. Left options re Brexit "There is no obviously 'winning' position. This is not, for the most part, a problem caused by the shortcomings of a specific leadership or political tendency. It is not a problem caused by a failure of political will and imagination"
Labour MPs declare support for second #Brexit referendum #PeoplesVote
Other governments have taken multiple votes of no confidence to actually fall, but let's excuse centrists punching left as ever. God forbid we get a socialist prime minister, they'd rather a hard Brexit than that it seems
Any chances of challenging politicians on the basic technicalities, Andrew?
Whilst I don't think it will be Merkel there is a huge danger that one of the EU27 heads of government is thinking along these lines or has some other agenda. A request for an extension to A50 must be unanimously approved by the council.
A polite request from Europe: wake us up when you know what you want from Brexit | Joris Luyendijk
Analysis | The Finance 202: May's Brexit plan just collapsed. Here's what's next.
Is your business ready for Brexit? How should you prepare for no deal? Our latest report is designed to help you manage the upcoming risks and opportunities: #Brexit #NoDealBrexit
Such an enormous circus around Brexit, that even Tordesillas Treaty comes to haunt it. :D
I highly recommend you read more of this guys answers
Look - over on the other side of the Channel they have grown up politicians who tell people the truth . . .
A solution must urgently be found to avoid a no-deal #Brexit:
says that there is a sizable number of both Labour and Conservstive members that support a more moderate #Brexit
A Short History of Brexit by Kevin O’Rourke review – a devastating account | Books | The Guardian
The pompous leaders of parliament never wanted Brexit, even though they egged on the voters to approve it. Great fix they find themselves in now! Theresa May faces no-confidence vote after humiliating Brexit defeat
Jeremy Corbyn said the government is not just "failing" on Brexit, as he asked her about poverty levels and if she will lower them. He asked: "With poverty rising, can the PM...
BREXIT: COMMITTEE OF UK LAWMAKERS SAYS PARLIAMENT SHOULD BE ABLE TO VOTE ON EXTENDING ARTICLE 50 IF PARLIAMENT CANNOT REACH AGREEMENT ON WAY FORWARD BEFORE MARCH 29
creating the best lead #generating #sign up #form #landing pages.get your #landing page done by me.i am Always ready to work with new challenges.. see my offers:
Brexit: What could happen next?
Ended up in a full on discussion about Brexit with my uber driver, can never have a quiet taxi ride!
Hang on
No deal brexit looking more likely all the time
Yeah avoid brexit at any cost eh, while we are in the middle of the total disaster of it. It will decimate the country unless we can turn it around. Support a peoples vote already and stop being a twat.
to take my mind off brexit, I passed a few moments pondering MrT’s wall. During campaigning, he said Mexico would pay for it, so why is he now asking Congress for money for it? I am confused.
The margin for #Brexit was very small. People were manipulated with lies. Just as the hostile regime change in the US, Russia also executed a very succesfull influence operation in the UK. Disrupting EU &amp; NATO is goal of Putin. 5. Why does May insist to help him?
"Prophetic leadership is needed at this moment in the nation’s history when its steps are faltering."
Brexit: EU opens door to further trade negotiations if Theresa May ditches red lines. The very minute Theresa May agrees to talk further with the EU is the second that she should resign and pass the job to a leave leader who has confidence in the UK and its citizens.
He’s a perceptive chap. Hard to disagree with anything here. The subtext - or the not-so-sub - is: UK is f*cked. As I say, hard to disagree.
I hope this doesn’t materialise
How Brexit could ruin your summer vacation
Looks like Macrom is trying to divert his own major problems
Brexit: What happens now?
More homelessness, more children in poverty, more people forced to use food banks, racist sympathising immigration/deportation policy, Brexit chaos, universal credit you're rolling out with your fingers in your ears, NHS issues, less police officers etc etc etc #ToriesOut
Looks overcast today I can only imagine how sad must be feeling #Brexit betrayal she’s probs preparing to revoke article 50
Fan-Tas-Tic #idea. #politiikka #yhteiskunta #vaalilupaus #lupaus #kampanja #mainos #mainostaulu #brexit
As a European citizen living in the UK, I would like Mr Kurz to know that that's the last thing we want to happen. No more 'carrying on'. The UK now needs a #PeoplesVote based on facts, not fairytales, so people can decide if they still want Brexit.
#brexit another strange thing to hear is leavers saying things like "don't worry, we've got the expertise and knowledge in the UK to be a success afterward leaving the EU". Presumably theses are the very same experts whose opinions they don't value at the moment?
How the Brexit vote was lost
idiot Brits THATS NOT SUPPOSED TO BE HOW REFERENDUM WORKS
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK - CNNPolitics #SmartNews
Brexit #ThingsThatAreBadForYourHealth
1) More dovish central bankers. 2) Another day of Brexit mess. 3) Goldman + BofA report earnings.
Tweeting a lot about #Brexit but moved from #Lexit to #exitfrombrexit months ago, as the 'gains' not worth the economic pain. It doesn't mean I love the #EU suddenly, I don't! On balance #reformandremain seems the better, slightly reluctant option. Jobs &amp; environment first!
#brexit #TrumpShutdown Remember!!!!
Hello, I'm a t shirt designer. you need design. just order place.. my link..
Banks Warn of Impending 1930s-Type ‘Catastrophe’ As No-Deal Brexit Looms #Brexit #catastrophe #uk
Yep, I am a right wee snapping turtle today. It's a combo of #brexit, #negotiatenow, head cold and council gritters roaring outside the window :(
Brexit looking like it has more alternate endings than bloody Banderstanch
If you find out, would you let the rest of us know? I'm feeling numb from it all
So certain is the #PM that she can win that no confidence vote tonight she just brought it up herself in the #Commons. #Brexit
Vote to stop brexit and it won’t just look like it
Probably would’ve been kicked out pretty quickly, but I wonder if the Brexit part of the party would’ve been as comfortable getting behind May if they felt like they’d had to fight off a coup
Liberty pushes into new frontiers ahead of Brexit
The reason Why Trump call CNN and brexit Time,Fake, This two Media was never reported anything right, After our Post election Violent, CNN were reporting falsch News ,from that point, I Stop trusting CNN and newyork times... only fools believe tue two Media house
Perfectly put . EU Judges ruled recently that the UK can withdraw article 50 whenever they want without seeking permission from the EU or any memeber countries in it. So yes #brexit can literally be stopped by 1 letter and it’s as if it never happened
Russia's Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov: We're not rubbing our hands with glee over Brexit
I suspect FoM is one of the main reasons we have Brexit, given that it appears the influx of low-skilled workers negatively impacts wages of those already existing here. I would not support the keeping of FoM.
No, I'm just very much against the country cutting its nose off to spite its face - in a No Deal Brexit
No the flipping country don't want it, we want to be out and just trade, end of !
Brexit: What happens now?
How Brexit could ruin your summer vacation
How can asking the people be the end of democracy? If they people still want Brexit knowing what they now know, they'll get it. If we find they changed their mind so be it.
It's stunning and sad to see how clearly Europe sees us...and yet in the UK there's so much bs being believed.
Great, we can use them when we run out of toilet roll.
Isn’t the weak Brexit deal May presented to Parliament an affirmation of the strength of the European Union?
#PeoplesVote. Grieve has tabled bill for 2nd referendum, . Let us support the best democratic option, and work to get main party leaders to support it. .
Come for the comparison between Theresa May and Florence Foster Jenkins, stay for the description of Boris Johnson as "an Oxfam donation bag torn open by a fox"
But since #Corbyn is not a competent opposition leader, a strange situation has emerged where the #SNP seem to be the only party in #Westminster with a clear alternative re: #Brexit. Odd indeed.
We know all this. WE KNOW. There is not issue with how you are running the country but how you are delivering Brexit.
is there an English politician brave enough to do as he suggests? If not, can we get some better politicians in England?
He's right. And for me, this is why Brexit is not possible: (short version: there is no economic alternative.)
The problem as I see it isn't #Brexit - it's our government handling #Brexit - but all things considered it's right we #remain in the #EU. The government is basing their decisions on issues we didn't know about in the first referendum, such as the £39BN. We need a #PeoplesVote
#Brexit #shambles in 1 gif. Both sides approach to the people of #UK &amp; each other.
May’s Brexit Deal Failed. What Happens Now? #mupsc207
How’s brexit coming along?
They're going to have to if they want to resolve Brexit one way or another. May is just trying to run down the clock.
In what universe do you think anyone who voted for Brexit would trust any production you made on the subject BBC? Or are you not bothering with us?...are you just running down the clock till we all die off.
Posted...
Just because you don’t like Brexit or Trump doesn’t mean Putin had anything to do with it. You just assume that because you don’t agree with it, it can’t be true. It really feels like McCarthyism all over again. Looking for the Russian bogeyman everywhere.
Also one of the greatest strategic catastrophes in *world* history, when taken in conjunction with #Brexit, China weapons advances, DPRK nukes, and Putin set to capitalize on all of it.
Exultant today is Vladimir Vladimirovich Putin. Over Brexit’s, resounding, defeat. And expectant, moreover, of a finding, later today, of no confidence in the government of Theresa May. By leaps and bounds, President Vladimir Vladimirovich Putin is grows, increasingly, confident.
First of all it was ‘the EU needs us more than we need them’ and now it’s all ‘Brexit is none of your business, look after yourselves’. Pathetically predictable.
Yeah because he’s fucked off out the country
Motley Fool - Brexit: I think these FTSE 100 dividend stocks could provide protection | #trading #stocks #indices #forex #currency
Anyone believing that Corbyn and a labour government could have gotten further with Brexit than May and the conservatives is just delusional. The EU hold all the cards and they know it. #rockandahardplace
"Brexit hasn’t happened yet. A second referendum would not be changing a decision that has been implemented but subverting one that has not been enacted." 4 differing views on a second referendum for democrats to ponder #itsourcity #Sheffxit
UK’s May faces no-confidence vote Wednesday after Brexit plan crushed via
And the policemen were just standing next to it doing nothing. Anybody knows whether there were consequences ?
What about her mechanical responses in PMQs that she will speak to all the senior members of the House?! It’s no wonder that all confidence in her has evaporated.
Billboard campaign reminds voters of MPs' Brexit promises
This guy is severely Chinged oot his nut!! must be carnage inside his cranium. #brexit #DisolveTheUnion #PeoplesVote
This is great
Following our Brexit poll yesterday with an overwhelming 80% vote to stay in the UK, we find ourselves agreeing with the Belgium's daily De Morgen who insists that the only way forward is to "let the British people choose how to untie this Gordian knot in a referendum"#Brexit
Tired of this Brexit crap.
Nooo! #BrexitBetrayal BIG TIME. #MSM Parties will be Sorry they DISREGARD the majority mandate of the British people ie LEAVE means LEAVE the #EU NO DEAL is £39,Billions BETTER than #May's BAD DEAL. It's a no brainer! And a NO to Barnier!
Day1112 1/16/19First Radio HeadlineS Heard of the Day Drawing Project #Brexit #TheresaMay #Census2020 #WilburRoss #citizenshipquestion #shutdown #governmentemployees #GovernmentShutdown #GovernmentShutdownCost #Nairobi #NairobiAttack #AlShabaab #Kenya #NYS #TappanZeeBridge #art
The main deliverable of an actual brexit now is to finally halt Sourberry &amp; co from regularly going on the BBC to utterly inform me and millions about what we didn’t know that we think. #politicsLive
Alternative ways to break Brexit deadlock
Theresa May no confidence vote: How many MPs will vote AGAINST Theresa May TONIGHT?: THERESA… #Brexit #ClickBait
Brexit: What British failure to make a deal with EU would mean for Australians and our exports - Courier Mail
And we might have got another referendum around 2060
German legal journal is discussing managers legal culpability for lack of preparation in regard to hard #brexit. Over here no deal #brexit is seen as very likely right now.
Brexit: “The greatest political crisis since Guy Fawkes tried to blow up parliament four centuries ago” ~ Volkskrant
Brexit SURVIVAL KIT: Could no-deal Brexit DRASTICALLY increase cost of food?: EXCLUSIVE: Brexit… #Brexit #ClickBait
Brexit Plan B: How likely is Corbyn government? Will no confidence vote TRIGGER election… #Brexit #ClickBait
Maybe only people who pay their full UK tax based on their tax code should comment on Brexit #GaryLineker don't throw stones when if you don't like independant great britain the go live in one of your other houses in another part of the world.
Eurosceptic Tories react to Brexit deal defeat with proposals for A Better Deal and A Better Future via
But your position is... also Brexit. Hard pass. Stop wasting our time and do something useful.
The debate on Labour's motion of no confidence in government is underway after that devastating defeat on #Brexit bill:
Brexit deal rejected in record-breaking fashion
Watch what happened at 0:01 in 's broadcast: Live: Theresa May takes part in PMQs after historic Brexit dea…
EU ready to discuss new Brexit deal if UK changes 'red lines'
Haha probabbly not!
So sick of Brexit..enough already. #sortitout
Excellent article, which shows how the 'PeoplesVote' is being manipulated and what a disaster it would be if the PV was implemented. It also shows that Corbyn again has been right all along to reject another referendum #FBPE
Now what does this tell you???
The difference in response to Brexit between the #nhs and a UK university (my current employers) is striking. : nothing yet : another heartfelt and constructive email and assurance of ongoing welcome. #brexitdebate
Currencies: Pound wobbles after May’s Brexit defeat, as lawmakers debate no-confidence vote
Bank of England sees UK current account risk from Brexit
U.K. IN TURMOIL AFTER BREXIT VOTE
I feel like this Daily Mash article is the actual state of the Brexit situation at the moment
Financial experts react to Theresa May's Brexit deal defeat via
Sanguine Cable Traders Get Bearish Backstop News to Chew On By Vincent Cignarella (Bloomberg) -- Sterling has been lifted the last 24 hours on hopes of a re-negotiated deal on Brexit or even the longer odds of a second referendum which is believed would s…
A second referendum is an easy way out for MPs – but not for democracy | Chris Bickerton
Alliance Party leader response to Brexit vote:
Ah the if all else fails try to scare me with the prospect of the Tories gambit eh? Brexit means I really don't care. Tories want fascist state post Brexit , Corbyn wants a communist one. It really doesn't matter which we get.
You should perhaps be asked a few quick questions about what it is you're voting for. If you don't actually know what the EU is (&amp; Google's top search the day after the Brexit vote would seem to suggest half the electorate didn't) perhaps you shouldn't be allowed a vote on it!
Brexit deal dead and markets couldn’t care less… Boom Bust asks why
Brexit, cybersecurity and climate change lead risk concerns for 2019 #UI #CSuite #corpgov
Theresa May is completely clueless but she stubbornly refuses to admit that she can’t manage the roll as PM. She has turned out to be the most disastrous PM since Neville Chamberlain. That Britain has had her as PM during the most important operation since WWII is a catastrophe
Lmaooo the way I follow up on this whole brexit thing you’d think they are paying me
Ha ha only if there’s a majority. Just in case you have not seen it’s a stalemate with know one having the majority to change anything , however in the back ground with a act of parliament a no deal brexit is the default, tick tock
Brexit deal rejected in record-breaking fashion
Forget about #Brexit and look at my tits
Theresa May faces no-confidence vote after historic defeat on Brexit deal
Brexit uncertainty rumbles on after government defeat
Trump shutdowns, Brexit government chaos and now this. Winter IS coming.
‘We are potentially facing a hard Brexit. Nobody wants a hard Brexit’ |
you choose Brexit :) Without asking yourself what will happen and how much is the EU helping UK. UK ppl said no to the EU, and EU ppl accept this , now we don't want UK anymore :). So please leave now, you could come back in one century or two, hen you would have learn the lesson
The issue is that for all of May's fault and they're a few Corbyn does not really have an alternative answer for Brexit either, he thinks he can do a better job but what's he's plan? eh ok, Might as well have Spongebob in charge LOL! Smeg is waiting for hot chicken right now. :D
Brexit and no-confidence vote: Corbyn targets 'zombie government': Labour's leader opens the no-confidence debate, after Theresa May's Brexit deal defeat.
Twat.
Rolls-Royce readies for Brexit-related disruption
I’m sure #Stickergate will be brought up in the Holloway thread but I respect the fact he has stuck to his guns on Brexit.
Bank of England sees UK current account risk from Brexit
David Cameron: ‘I don’t regret’ calling Brexit referendum: Former PM says he supports Theresa May and hopes MPs 'come together' to find an agreement with the EU. #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachKavanaugh #TheResistance
Brits in the #Netherlands isn't it time to become #Dutch ? how to become Dutch in the latest #HereinHollandpodcast #podcast #brexit #britsineurope #brexitchaos #230 #noconfidence
No Brexit (Updated with a very important question)
It all boils down to two(Or more); Brexit can't be 29th of March again, May may be kicked out, A new nationwide referendum,
"The British People Will NEVER Surrender!": Batten Warns EU That Public Will Fight For A Real Brexit | Kipper Central
Brexity Bots may have found this.
What the front pages say: May’s Brexit deal ‘dead as a dodo’
The SNP on Twitter
BREXIT - End of the line. Under the European Union (Withdrawal) Act, the default is now a clean, No Deal #Brexit on March 29th – and if May was serious about...
ReutersBiz: ECB's Nowotny expects no major banking disruption from Brexit insecurity
Does ever answer a straight question with a straight answer? They have been harping on about a GE for months and yet they still cannot define their Brexit policy. #BrexitBetrayal
Just trying to get my head around the brexit thing- this helps- sorta.
On what question..? It’s kind of pertinent.. #pmqs #BrexitDeal #BrexitVote #Brexit #NoConfidence
I always got confused by brexiteers' argument that Brexit hasn't caused the economic damage predicted given that Brexit hasn't taken place yet.
Another winner for us Mister Marlarkey runs away with the big race of the day to win by 12 lengths. Advised last night at 4/1 but backed into 11/4 makes our tally 2 winners a second and a 10/1 third from 4 bets :) #horseracing #Brexit #brexitdebate #Newbury #horse #bigrace #DRF
More lies by Tories - there was NO clear majority for Brexit! #NoConfidence
Best Option.
The “mess” in British politics indeed. Let’s consider European politics: - Polish judiciary and a murdered liberal politician - yellow vest chaos in France - Orban bringing Hungary back 200 years - Far right in rise in Germany and Sweden - Italians banks teetering on the edge
Pound exchange rate news: Why did GBP rally after Theresa May Brexit defeat? | City &amp; Business | Finance |
Found myself agreeing with something Theresa May said. A general election WOULD result in the worst possible outcome for Brexit right now. We get it, it’s all messed up but a GE will mess it up further and the finger of blame would then be pointed at Labour rather than the Cons
A second referendum is an easy way out for MPs – but not for democracy | Chris Bickerton
Could he pop over and say this in HoC. Ta muchly.
Cameron says he regrets Brexit ‘difficulties and problems’ via right to call Brexit! You put HER in this mess.
After Theresa May’s historic lose on her Brexit deal it is going to be interesting to see what is going to happen next, there is still huge amounts of uncertainty and 29 March 2019 is fast-approaching.
The CBI does make mistakes, as I pointed out to it the other day on a brexit issue!
Michel Barnier EU plonker who cant speak english.....has just said EU has never been so afraid of a no deal BREXIT and demands UK break deadlock. Nah, it was your GERMAN mates Weyand, Martin MONSTER Selamyr &amp; Merkel/Macron that wanted to hurt Britain. We are leaving on 29th Mar!
There. If we had gone for that type of Brexit, we would be in a very different place now.
100% this.
Hey - did you have an epiphany about Brexit before writing this sketch? Eerily similar...
Jezza is almost jesus the NWO satanist kiddiefiddlers hate him so much #Brexit will he do an Orange monster boogie on palestine and israel ?
Companies cry out for Brexit clarity, warn on no-deal - CreaWorldNews -
One of my local MP's Richard Benyon is the wealthiest MP in Parliament (worth well over £100m) He cannot have a clue how Brexit will affect any normal person, and what a surprise he voted FOR....
Steht schon so in der Magna Carta. "if þe Pryme Ministre fucketh uppe majorly, þe Kynge or Qween shall regaine thereupon His or...
It's amazing how whatever Corbyn says is ignored or twisted by Tories and Labour pretenders alike... like the wonderful long-suffering Glenda Jackson's son Dan Hodges who is willing to deny Corbyn's Brexit plans at every turn.
But you can and you should stop aiding the breaches of international law against citizens directly affected by #Brexit! Our rights to vote (self determination), family life, access to services paid by contributions, discrimination, abuse, targeting...we have children!
Main thing is that they had a civil discussion despite stark disagreement. Hope they had a pint together afterwards.
Speaking with French friends last night. I felt another bout of deep embarrassment by the state of our country. #BrexitShambles #brexit #BrexitVote #BrexitChaos
James O'Brien: "No Deal Or No Brexit, That's Where We Are Now" - LBC
More of this please.
31 Days of Inspirational Quotes - Day 16 Aristotle Find a new quote each day in January 2019 at.... #inspirational #quotes #quotesoftheday #WednesdayWisdom #WednesdayMotivation #wednesdaythoughts #BrexitVote #Brexit
No-deal #Brexit looks more likely than ever. Leaving the #EU without a deal would be disastrous for our #environment. Join me and sign petition urging party leaders to rule out a dirty no-deal Brexit.
I don’t pity her, she’s a politician who’s made her choices, but she was on the STAY side of that vote... all the LEAVE leaders had no real plan of how it would actually work! It’s interesting that it’s now “May’s Brexit Deal”.
Is there any case to be made for actually going for “best of three” and having TWO more referendums? ( or just one more if the second is also leave of course ) #Brexit #PeoplesVote #justSaying #bestOfThree #strategy #tactics #solutions
Dere. If ve had gone for dat type uff Brexit, ve vould be in a fery different place now.
According to Peston last night on the ITN News he could now only envisage 2 possible outcomes - a no deal Brexit or a 2nd referendum. He couldn’t see how any deal will now get through parliament
Brexit 101
Britain Is a Nation in Desperate Need of a Driver. After a historic Brexit vote, the country requires a miracle of statesmanship. Too bad it has Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn.
After failing to deliver Brexit, MPs debate height of letterboxes
Watch what happened at 0:28 in 's broadcast: We're LIVE talking about Brexit
Shout out to all the people who today sadly find out they've got the same haircut as David Cameron.
The Brexit secession chaos was started by ultra nationalist, Nero-Nazi style, anti-EU Conservatives &amp; a fraudulent referendum influenced by UK &amp; Russian money and social media hackers. This chaos will continue &amp; Brits’ standard of living will decline.
Aachen Treaty German &amp; France to be signed next week
Clarke literally adopts position on #Brexit and has receipts.
BREXIT AND ZENO'S FREE WILL "Zeno, a Greek philosopher who lived in Cyprus around 300BC, liked to explain his concept of free will by comparing it to a puppy tied to the back of a cart. The puppy was the individual, the cart the wider forces which shape…
It was never about blue passports, immigration or what was written on the side of a bus #TaxHaven #Brexit
creating the best lead #generating #sign up #form #landing pages.get your #landing page done by me.i am Always ready to work with new challenges.. see my offers:
How much chaos have we created....EU states escalate no-deal preparations after May defeat
I always got confused by brexiteers' argument that Brexit hasn't caused the economic damage predicted given that Brexit hasn't taken place yet.
Even UK media says I am right.
Brexit was another ploy to break up the EU led by the Russians who would benefit. And there is talk about the English mole who was cheering for it. Likely there were more. Why don't we hear more about that? As for Scheer, heaven help us - he's a dimpled Ford, a leaner Kenney.
Emmanuel Macron has said that referendums should not be used to make "difficult decisions". Read More:
I wonder who this Sky News reporter could possibly be supporting in this whole Brexit debacle
Turn over the Brexit stone and you find the same nexus, climate change denial and hard right economic policy- there is a tiny cabal at the heart of Brexit.
Really? Can it be true? That really would be a result!!
so john bercow waved at us and said “welcome”, i met nicola sturgeon, and we watched the no confidence motion debate between may and corbyn in commons... nice. #brexit #parliament
I think Danny Dyer may have an appropriate comment...
British PM's Brexit divorce deal defeated in parliament
The Scottish Government is stepping up preperations for a no-deal Brexit.
The momentum is with us!
Neil Parish is lying right now! Have NOT seen him in Cullompton at all. At the vote the majority of people I spoke to voted remain. #liar #Brexit
After May's Massive Brexit Defeat, What The Hell Happens Next? via
No deal Brexit and the impact on cross-border data flows: In this blog post, Polly Ralph and Olivia Wint discuss contingency planning to maintain EU - UK data flows in the context of a no deal brexit scenario.
Hard for the Tory Party to counter the Washington Post's view on Brexit: May's deal "was produced by a political class that turned out to be ignorant — about Europe, Europeans, trade arrangements, institutions — and arrogant, disdaining knowledge and expertise."
poor #TeresaMay #OnlyFoolsAndHorses #brexit
Ross Thomson MP saying that Labour has positions than the #KamaSutra. who said the Tories are boring?? #Brexit
The flowcharts are great, but the art is even better... May’s Brexit Deal Failed. What Happens Now?
Norway and Switzerland are in the single market and have regulatory alignment with the EU. Both countries also have freedom of movement. In the event of a no deal Brexit, the UK and so Northern Ireland will not conform to EU rules, so a hard border is necessary. Does that help?
Typical Corbyn Labour, patronising, bullying, rude and refusing to listen to another point of view.
George Howarth pulling off the impossible here and making #Corbyn seem like a good public speaker #TakingOneForTheTeam #Brexit #NoConfidenceMotion
James O'Brien's Unmissable Exchange With Jacob Rees-Mogg Over Brexit Vote - LBC
via Long way to go to bring Britain back together after Brexit vote: PM May Reuters World News
IATA has called on the European Union and the UK to provide clarity on how the bloc's proposal for a cap on flights would work in the event of a no-deal Brexit. - #avgeek #aviation #aviationnews
This is hilarious. They still don't have a clue what they're doing. More certitude than sense.
Isn’t Brexit something the Brits should decide on?
Brexit.
In both cases; Brexit and tuition fees, it is the young who took and will take revenge on their betrayers. Changing History eBook on Amazon
So from here on in we have less or no Brexit, really? So you are going to ignore the outcome of the referendum and renege on your manifesto commitment to deliver Brexit. In a borough where almost 70,000 voted to Leave it’ll be interest to see how that works out for you at the GE.
But your policy is also Brexit. How will that fix anything? We don’t have time for a GE only for the solution to be “Brexit, but a little differently”. Come up with an actual solution.
#DFDS webinar recording regarding #Brexit
Have you plans to stock the foodbanks?
Illegal campaign, overseas funding, no meaningful debate. So I strongly feel it needs asked again. If the vote is Brexit so be it. Accepting no one can agree on wtf that actually means..
Corbyn's Labour party is more divided than the Tory's &amp; Labour haven't a clue what to do about Brexit.
So it's biting off their noses to spite their face. Hard brexit. Good work FBPE! Not a brain cell between you
We now go live to #Brexit.
You’re not helping
“It seem to me to be very bizarre... why she would want to lock herself in with the more extreme elements. It seems to me her problem is that she doesn’t have a base.” Amb Stuart Eizenstat on PM May #brexit
Over the couple of years of watching the Brexit shambles, there is one group of Brits I have learned to like quite a lot. The Scottish are cool folks. The end of his speech when asked if he wants to answer a question :)
how far can labor go and still call it any form of brexit ?
Starting on Brexit debacle with the splendid
Was he quoting from the UKIP Manifesto?
.how does this story end ...... #Brexit #Ladybird #not a happy tale so far !
Just saw a clip of #DavidCameron on TV...a couple of answers and then he literally ran off.... surreal or what? #brexit
You have and continue to betray this country Mrs May / who is pulling your strings? #brexit #brexitchaos
Omg that first picture is at the end of my road!!
Peta Credlin . #Brexit - it's simple... people in the UK should have more balls &amp; vision for the greater, better future we can have. Besides, its the #democratic will of the 52% #NoDeal #NoDealNoProblem #NoDealBrexit #WTOBrexit #Leave
Who called #TheresaMay not DIS-MAY. #Brexit #UK
We’ve had a chance to see more of her in Brexit action and she’s less dogmatic, more effective and more pragmatic than the rest. In my opinion. Corbyn wants Brexit and I don’t care if he calls it “jobs first”, I can’t and won’t vote for it or him. Pretty sure I’m not the only one
No matter what side of the ocean. Conservatives are indeed a special kind of stupid.
So now Parliament's going to spend the whole day debating a vote of confidence, on which everyone already knows how they will vote, following Brexit deal debate which they'd also already decided. No wonder nowt ever gets done. What a shambles. A US-style shutdown might be better.
Which only goes to confirm to us that is a mere puppet of her globalist masters who will decide when she will go. She has accepted everything that the EU set out in the withdrawal agreement, as they are in charge of #Brexit not our Govt. She is just a Bot.
Billboard campaign reminds voters of MPs' Brexit promises. Posters repeat Gove claim UK will hold all the cards and Rees-Mogg call for second vote
O’Brien, you’ve got Brexit PTSD; try some private therapy? Don’t continue to be duplicitous / or flog a dead donkey. Let’s go WTO! When do we want it? NOW! Promote the Petition; already heard but still sign:
Long way to go to bring Britain back together after Brexit vote: PM May -
BREXIT storm deepens, as parliamentary coup may be forming against May a... via
No support for #PeoplesVote from Most senior elected representative in government And what exactly is ‘a customs union’? #NoProgress
"the worst thing we could do" indeed along the route of zimbabwe, venezuela etc. rigged elections, voting &amp; so forth #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Brexit is worth it what with all these beheadings going on
A no deal Brexit.
I'm seeing a lot of support for Corbyn at the moment - do people know that he also desperately wants Brexit? There is no way I could be in support of someone who, if elected, still wanted to force us to leave the EU.
What have we seen? £800bn outflow
Every UK comedian right now is doing tweets where it's like bohemian rhapsody lyrics but about brexit
Any references to WW2 are tiresome whichever side they come from but you dont understand the point here. The 'stand alone' argument, which obviously predates brexit is that the UK was alone as a nation state in Europe once France fell and before the USSR switched sides.
This is a sensible proposal. And in some ways, far more democratic than any pointless election would be.
Yes the media loosing the run of themselves with Brexit. #reallivesnotpolitics
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
Yes, I have. We need a referendum election because we don’t want to be limited to choosing between Brexit and Lexit.
Markets Mixed After Devastating Brexit Vote – 16 January 2019
"Whether it’s Brexit or Zionism – going it alone makes little sense" #politics #feedly
. explains what happens to Theresa May now that Brexit, her "most important policy," has officially failed
people of Scotland are rightly extremely concerned about massive issue of #brexit In comparison what you want to make a big story, just isn't in the same league. Why not concern yourself about how #brexit #nodealbrexit etc will affect Scotland.
Tuned into the news . Wish I hadn't bothered #Brexit
People voted for Brexit because they wanted govt to improve economy &amp; improve opportunities for everyone, whatever their background, in a rapidly changing global world.For that we need parties with new political thinking and a willingness to work with others.Not old ideologies.
‘It’s volatile in there,’ Labour’s chairman is bullish about the chance of Theresa May losing tonight’s no confidence vote. For the Brexit latest:
TALK ENGLISH MACAROON, WE CAN'T UNDERSTAND YOU.
Brexit update: What Theresa May's defeat means to UK business Read it here: #Brexitvote #Business #europeanunion
Universities raise alarm over no-deal Brexit and EU student enrolment
Brexit Committee publishes immediate report on next steps for Parliament following rejection of the Withdrawal Agreement. Full story:
Nah brexit means brexit
Ever stopped to consider that this #Brexit mess is an alternate reality caused by careless time traveler changing the course of history by inadvertently giving Ed Miliband a bacon sandwich in front of some cameras? #whatmighthavebeen
If the question had been " Should the UK leave the EU without a deal or remain in the EU?" then the outcome may have been to remain since many leaver voters didn't vote for a hard/no deal Brexit. We might even get a referendum to confirm my thinking.
Emmanuel Macron has said that referendums should not be used to make "difficult decisions". Read More:
This sort of tweet winds me up. I'm a remainer but there are other things going on in this country other than Brexit.
This Brexit fuckery has gone too far, can't even get my freelance friends to come out for lunch.
Someone please explain this #brexit deal to me. The people vote yes. #britishparliament votes no. Huh? Are they as jacked as our #electoralcollege vs #popularvote?
JSE edges higher as traders consider failed Brexit divorce terms - Business Day
Former UK Prime Minister David Cameron says he doesn't regret calling the Brexit referendum
Between Brexit and the wall, let THIS be the only story you read today!
Are you brexit or remain Chris? Would really appreciate your take on Europe...
These ‘red lines’ are Leave the EU. Without them we Remain in the EU. Then the whole debate shifts to the GE2022, the Brexit Election. A WTO Brexit In March would mean we could all start to rebuild with no uncertainty.
Is it a proper Brexit debate if the word "traitor" doesn't come up at least once?
Channel 4 News Presenter Cathy Newman Discussing A Northern Ireland Backstop Legal Assurance; "The Brexiteers are looking for something fantastical"- Rep. of Ireland Senator Neil Richmond in Dublin.
how will Brexit affect tourism in Great Britain?
is this government the snowflake generation because believe me they are fucking this country up with their cuts and austerity and their total inability to deliver on brexit
Well,, Brexit will happen soon won't it?
Verhofstadt tweets EU EGG urging 'pro-Europeans' to unite over Brexit - but it BACKFIRES
The people of this country : Brexit - Sign the Petition! via
To navigate the uncertainties of Brexit you need a guide you can depend on. Our Brexit experts can help you through the Brexit maze, analysing the risks and opportunities. Find out more:
Latest: Potential fallout after Theresa May’s crushing defeat on Brexit
Do you think Britain is divided? It's been worse... The Last Roundhead, a picaresque comedy set in the first English civil war. #comedy #history #brexitvote #corbyn #TheresaMay #brexitdebate #brexitdeal #noconfidence #politicslive #englishcivilwar #brexit
Those with homes abroad and lots of money in the bank such as Mr Cameron et al can be cavalier about #Brexit -They will be OK whatever happens-Those without of course will be left to pick up the pieces
Heard about the #Brexit vote in England. Read up on their government to refresh the memory. Immediately began thanking our Forefathers for getting out of that chaotic tornado over there they call a government. #Merica
Wake up everybody. This is all part of a larger initiative of Putin's to establish Russia as the #1 world power in part by toppling the US and its allies. #ImpeachTrump now. He's compromised. This is happening in real time. This storyline doesn't end well for any of us.
The world is watching. #Brexit
Brexit has created a 'lost generation' of public services
Nice to see he's still got the whole 'moving away when he's done' thing going on, only now it's been upgraded to running away. Nice metaphor, Dave.
BREXIT: COMMITTEE OF UK LAWMAKERS SAYS PARLIAMENT SHOULD BE ABLE TO VOTE ON EXTENDING ARTICLE 50 IF PARLIAMENT CANNOT REACH AGREEMENT ON WAY FORWARD BEFORE MARCH 29
Yes well in about 5 hours we are going to be at No General Election and it would be nice to have an opposition that kind of did what its supporters wanted: End Brexit
‘The world’s most densely betwatted space at the best of times, Westminster became even more wantonly apocalyptic...’ Any piece that begins so magisterially, commands respect. The only columnist worth reading
The latest Patrice Leroux,Tweets d'Europe! Thanks to #brexit #cloud
Haha, I love how he literally runs off at the end.
To be fair, his vest does make clear at least one of the reasons a no-deal Brexit is a really bad idea!
TFW my colleagues busy covering Brexit from a Bristol persepective, talking to MPs etc, while I just want to write about getting eaten by a horse.... Imagining the DMs Me: Hi Kerry KMc: Hi Tristan, here's what I think about Brexit Me: Yeah, but about that horse...
He wants a hard Brexit!
An article from my Blog now appearing on TES Scotland #Brexit
Tough, No Deal is the best deal. Proper #Brexit.
I have to say it's so refreshing to see the Leader fighting against a second #Brexit referendum, whilst can't stop talking about winning one. FFS Nigel you low on coin or what???
It was all about timing: Sam Leith on Theresa May's failure to persuade MPs to back her Brexit deal
I know that this has become a real issue! There is a place and time for using electronics to communicate but when you are face-to-face, isn't it better to speak to each other? We all know the answer!
If it was really that simple then why does everyone have their own version and vision of Brexit. Seems like you’re the one that’s simple.
Your school era rivalry with Boris plunged your country into economic decline and utter chaos, and you lost the job you loved because you couldn’t support the outcome but you don’t regret the decision? Bottle and sell this lack of self-awareness. It must be magical.
Thank you MPs declare support for second Brexit referendum
31 Days of Inspirational Quotes - Day 16 Aristotle Find a new quote each day in January 2019 at.... … #inspirational #quotes #quotesoftheday #WednesdayWisdom #WednesdayMotivation #wednesdaythoughts #BrexitVote #Brexit
#brexit live Sky news
The world is busy with #brexit our former coloniser is struggling so I wouldn't hold my breath. The US govt is shutdown and China could care less abt Human rights. We are back in the 80s only now its the entire nation
Yeh apartheid Israel let’s face it that is the DUPs Brexit dream
Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Slovenia
Onus on Westminster to find Brexit solutions, says Varadkar | Bailiwick Express UK
The Scottish Government is stepping up preparations for a no-deal Brexit.
I continue to be utterly baffled as to why they are so scared of this particular group, and so unwilling to engage them in meaningful debate. Although I suspect they may be a convenient group in which to pin a reason for Brexit that isn’t the ultra rich getting a tax break.
Best ADVICE from a married couple... Watch here... #BrexitVote #wednesdaythoughts #2009vs2019 #GilleteAd #GilletteAd #sasuke #NigerianTribune #Brexit #earthquake #knightsvkings #gilletteboycott #brexitdebate #10yearscallenge #LohanBeachClub
Although I hesitate to use the word in relation to this PM, the only *rational* explanation for Theresa May’s actions all along is that she wants, or has been told to go for, a NO DEAL Brexit
with the Brexit deal going down to huge defeat, isn’t it fair for the people to weigh in again, knowing that the only viable choices are remain or leave with no deal?If someone knows a better deal that would pass muster, they haven’t come forward with it-comment by George Takei
What an asshole.
Corbyn accuses Tories of failing the country after Brexit deal defeat | Bailiwick Express UK
Don't joke about it.
The British Parliament debates the no-confidence motion against PM . The vote follows a resounding defeat for her #Brexit deal proposal | Details At 9 PM On India Business Hour
History will deal with Cameron and May. The lack of humility of these so-called leaders is how we shall remember them.
Britain should become Freedom Island by implementing total free trade—not just with the EU, but with the entire world. - &amp; #brexit
Jeremy Corbyn says Theresa May's 'Zombie government' cannot keep trying to get through this 'Frankenstein' Brexit bill. In other news, Michael Howard has just lifted his coffin lid and is sniffing around for garlic.
LOL I wouldn't even be surprised if she really did. ;-)
Brexit is my brain exiting my body when I open an exam paper
Aid NGOs warn of disruption as Brexit deal collapses
Chope MP's #Christchurch meeting may not gone as well as he claimed in The House! #Brexit
Let’s decide to have Brexit and not go back to a People’s vote says
I really don’t fully understand how the British Parliament works, but a second referendum seems to make a lot of sense. May’s Brexit Deal Failed. What Happens Now? via
As I correct essays on impact of Brexit on aviation, am very surprised at number of students who consider it a benefit of Brexit that UK will no longer have to follow EU rules. More underlying sympathy for Brexit-style thinking than expected? A concern
© Reuters. Companies cry out for Brexit clarity, warn on no-deal By Simon Jessop LONDON (Reuters) - Furious companies facing weeks more uncertainty over an ever closer Brexit...
This is verging on the pathological. There is a psychiatric ailment where a patient carries on mumbling irrelevant stuff while being oblivious of the world around him. Britain is now full fledge ready for the asylum.
Brexit Committee says Parliament should be able to vote on extending Article 50 if parliament cannot reach agreement on way forward before March. There (probably) goes the default no deal Brexit option.......
George Howarth pulling off the impossible here and making #Corbyn seem like a good public speaker #TakingOneForTheTeam #Brexit #NoConfidenceMotion
I feel bad for &amp; this #BrexitChaos #Brexit kerfuffle. I don’t wholly agree with her politics but it’s gotta be tough to be a world leader.
Companies cry out for Brexit clarity, warn on no-deal
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
guy verhofstadt draws a pentagram on the floor and begins summoning technocrats
TM should agree to defer Art 50, use HOC Brexit Cttee to gain cross partisan consensus to move this forward for all of us. Oh, what am I saying, it’s ok I’ll go and slap myself a couple of times to wake up up from this nightmare
Theresa May, braced for another day of turmoil on Wednesday, when she is to face a vote of no confidence in her battered governmen The US should adopt this concept for our govt
So you do regret it.
Of course it’s an attempt to revoke Brexit. Because now people can see the real Brexit options are significantly inferior to remain. That’s why remain is consistently polling between 52% and 57%. You can’t argue either of the Brexit options even vaguely resemble what was promised
With a no deal brexit they have no choice. We leave everything that is about being in the EU including fom. They would have to implement stricter border control in order to control the movement
Mr Macron spells our exactly the problem we have - we were sold brexit myths and lies which cannot now be delivered. time for a rethink #PeoplesVoteNow
Brexit: What happens next?
Rearranging deck chairs on the Titanic. We have only a couple of months to fix (ideally stop) Brexit. We don’t have time for this.
'Great theatre – but tragic': Europe's media reacts in horror to May defeat - People your former Colonial masters have found themselves in a serious bind. When ther is deep darkness on the face of the Earth arise shine...
Me the night
Blitz - war Brexit - choice Let’s exercise choice and not suffer Brexit
Theresa May steps down Brexit via
After two-and-a-half years of ducking, dodging and weaving, the British government is finally facing its day of #Brexit reckoning. Tuesday’s #CommonsVote could have considerable, far-reaching consequences. Our correspondent reports:
Larry is here ready for a big week, not sure about the rest of us! #Brexit
Don't play this. Europe is observing a brutal collapse of UK leadership since Brexit. Is the 2011 crisis resolved? US partnership was a bad move and Brexit was a soft coup d'etat. Now we have a xenophobic agenda and no real issues are discussed. The press x the people?
agree with first bit anyway
Same old problem, May cannot be trusted, what she stated just a few hours ago is already showing as bogus.
Question to Corbyn from SNP as he opens #ConfidenceVote debate. If he gets the general election he wants in a few weeks time, will his party go into it for or against Brexit? Corbyn: “We are a democratic party and our party will decide”. No point in PM talking to him.
I reckon we send Bill Kenwright down to negotiate this and get a result, he's worked wonders in Europe before and knows how to strike a deal about the Irish... #Brexit #EFC #SixtyGrand
The latest The Rickmansworth Chamber Daily! Thanks to #crowdfundingnews #brexit
The "remainiacs" the EU nationalists, the Europhiles mission is to frustrate Brexit with the aim to stop it. They will not accept anything else.
Going to go hugely against consensus and say it ... he has made mistakes but I love
Did you old basturds,die!!! Duncan...you’re a moron.
There is huge uncertainty around what will happen to EU Grant programmes like Erasmus Plus post-Brexit. It's important young people have a say in what will impact their future. We're campaigning for the Govt to commit to a replacement fund. Find out more
That would be the sensible thing but little Miss Brexit means Brexit and little Mr I want a General Election are not as bright or patriotic to do that.
Astonishingly - because it is a ‘Brexit plan’ yet Scotland voted to remain
What he say!
MPs lose Brexit: the newspaper front pages slam May
oh, he's alive, we hadn't seen him in so long I assumed he was dead or in hiding
“The will of the people” was based on a flawed argument for #Brexit. Now the reality is clear, asking the people again is just fine. No worse than electing a government with opposite policies to the last one because you discovered they were unworkable.
The principal opposition to the UK joining the EEC in the first instance came from the French ... the principal opposition to the UK remaining in the EU will come from the French ...
Brexit: What happens now?
So bad it's good: Markets see a silver lining in Brexit rejection via
What's wrong with a no deal? We raised from the ashes of a world war, why on earth would we want to rise from ashes. Basically saying a no deal is disastrous but we'll get over it, what's the point of wanting something like that
Mr Macron spells our exactly the problem we have - we were sold brexit myths and lies which cannot now be delivered. time for a rethink #PeoplesVoteNow
Whomever think that the EU has got the upper-hand on UK on #brexit; s/he needs to reconsider (...)
Brexit mess, but i love that the Speaker suggests, "calm, Zen." #tubeoffur #WednesdayWisdom
Brexit vote: European 'surprise' at scale of defeat
The main deliverable of an actual brexit now is to finally halt Sourberry &amp; co from regularly going on the BBC to solemnly inform me and millions about what we think. #politicsLive
Stunning rebuke to Sunderland's three Labour MPs - skip the survey and feel the heat!
france with macron and the gilets jaunes uk with brexit and theresa may united states with trump brazil with bolsonaro we going down streaks!
2nd favourite quote of the day "the prime minister can deliver brexit" Sorry but there's 432 MPs making him out to be a liar.
If May goes on squandering time as she has done consistently for over 2 years, it will be 24:00 CET, March 29, and a no-deal Brexit will have become reality. Staying requires action - revoking Art 50 - and the UK Parliament is currently not capable of any action.
At least we would be able to do something about it. #brexit #DissolveTheUnion #Scotland voted to #Remain in #EU
If #Britons get a #Brexit revote, I think it’s only fair that #Americans get a Presidential revote. #2016again
Surely Brexit should be put aside whilst we all debate this very important issue! #brexit #brexitdebate one for to debate tomorrow on
BREAKING: The Italian government has noticed that something called "Brexit" is happening.
Dominic Grieve tables two bills calling for a second EU referendum #Brexit #PMQs
That’s rubbish, the Tory Leadership won’t talk to JC or anyone else, including their own backbenchers about finding a solution to their Brexit chaos
The arrogant prick is the architect of the mess this country is currently in.
CBS News: Brexit vote: Why the landslide defeat of Theresa May's deal matters to the U.S.. via
Theresa May suffered a historic defeat with her Brexit deal plans #politics #parliament #conservative #labourparty #brexit #EU #Europe #vote #loss #article50 #referendum #news #videoblogg
maybe Rebel with Cause, Mr Shouty could suffer in a vote of no confidence because all those in Labour who want a econd referendum may wish him not to do well so as they can call for him to be replaced as leader in favor of a Brexit " Leave" leader ?
When MP,s say "We have to deliver Brexit" arguing that the public will lose trust in them, like they think we remotely do anyway....
#PMQs #NoConfidenceMotion Go on -EXPLAIN IT... ? ? ? Explain to your constituents Tory MPs - the LOGIC!!
1 vote of contempt. Several defeated motions. 2 votes of lack of confidence. 0 brexit plan. 1 pig headed PM.
How do you justify this?
House of Commons Brexit Committee calls for a series of indicative votes. Says MPs should also be able to vote on extending Article 50 if Parliament cannot reach agreement on a way forward before 29 March
#Brexit: #Brussels wonders what the unUnited Kingdom wants? #UK
BLOG: Presently, UK creditors can use European Enforcement Orders for securing enforcement of Judgments in other EU states. With uncertainty over #Brexit, how could this be affected? Read more &gt;&gt;
Tune in to hear progress of Kilkenny's Robbie Heffernan in the world's toughest race also John Bryan and on Brexit, the smell of dry ice, some collectibles and yes looking forward to St Patrick's day from 5.30pm #Brexit #kilkenny #carlow #run
Watch "A Clear Explanation Of How The Euro Will Fail" and then take note of how prescient it is considering current affairs. Washington Post: As Brexit deal goes down in flames, exasperated Europe wonders what the Britons want.
They better be prepared to make a lot of arrests. The country will go up in flames.
Watch "A Clear Explanation Of How The Euro Will Fail" and then take note of how prescient it is considering current affairs. Washington Post: As Brexit deal goes down in flames, exasperated Europe wonders what the Britons want.
Your no-Brexit book RISE was gratitude enough for them, and us as well. It foreshadowed a new role for Black Britons in the public realm.
Brexit maybe, sadly I think your politicians are as inept as ours.
This is so Wales and I love everything about this Why "we fought a world war" is a good and admirable thing I'll never know
If General Elections had to happen tomorrow, which party are you going to vote? #UKPolitics #Brexit #NoConfidence
The latest Zero Waste London! Thanks to #brexit #news
No one knew why they were voting for in the #Brexit referendum that’s why I voted remain. Brexit was unclear and the Leave campaigners lied for their own gain not for the benefit of UK citizens.
"Brexit Vote: After Marathon Debate, a Severe Blow for Theresa May" by THE NEW YORK TIMES via NYT World via
listening to #PMQ yesterday and today and have to applaud the glorious triumph of #Parliament for somehow squeezing 20 mins of actual debate into 8 hours... #brexit
Brexit = People. No Brexit = Globalist.
No generalised FTA (yet) but the EU treaty database lists 24 mini-deals on matters including product conformity and some tarrifs btwn EU &amp; Aus. All all which we walk away from if we have a YearZero Brexit.
A true brexit will boost conservative support no end
City chiefs call for Brexit delay after PM’s deal is rejected
You are a disgrace but not as bad as who claimed 30p for a 100metre cab ride.
IATA calls for clarity as Brexit flight cap looms
Why are people not rioting in the streets?? Brexit: MPs debate no-confidence motion after May's deal defeat – Politics live
Why I switch off after JamesOB
May’s #Brexit Deal Failed. What Happens Now ? [what could go wrong ?] via
Ironically Brexit convinced me that the UK cannot be trusted with an independent nuclear deterrent because it’s quite clear no one with the chance of becoming PM is capable of good decision-making.
If there's something Brexit has taught us: UK citizens shouldn't vote in referendums, and Parliament shouldn't vote for deals. Basically, we are all fucking idiots
Tackles the burning injustice with a can of petrol
May makes final case for Brexit deal: 'Don't let the people down' | Politics What is the opinion of everyone is wondering?
BREXIT, Trump, Yellow Vest Protests (several counties). What do they all have in common? Do they have anything in common?
Shrodingers brexit?
Shame - it was Macron laying out the brexit mess, and doing it quite nicely indeed!
creating the best lead #generating #sign up #form #landing pages.get your #landing page done by me.i am Always ready to work with new challenges.. see my offers:
Could a Norway option break the Brexit stalemate? Here's what new polling tells us
So there is 2 different topics - 1) who the government is - depending on your political view and 2) negotiating a long term deal to (which can’t be done until the withdrawal agreement is agreed) shouldn’t we keep the 2 issues separate and deal with the pressing matter of BREXIT?
Sounds like the #Brexit debate.
Saw him present it on the Telly, Laura. 2nd reading next Monday I thought I heard amongst noise. #brexit supporters might moan about him asking for ref 2. In fact it would be ref 3 coz ref 1 was in 1975.
Brexit: Dominic Grieve tables two bills calling for a second EU referendum
Very unlikely that Britain would like to have Labour Leader as the PM of UK. Even though large number of Tories have voted against PM May's Brexit proposal, she remains their best bet as PM. No one wants an early election
First move is on the part of the UK to withdraw #Article50 pending a #PeoplesVote or request a 6 month stay to hold a #GeneralElection . The idea that the EU will renegotiate a deal without the UK abandoning unacceptable red line demands is not realistic #Brexit
If you’re scared that a second referendum would mean remaining then by definition you no longer believe brexit to be the will of the people.
Michel Barnier admits EU has never been so afraid of no deal and demands UK breaks Brexit deadlock
A clear majority wanted brexit???? So 4% is now a clear majority?
Good Morning Wealthbuilderz. What you do today effects your tomorrow. #earthquake #gilletteboycott #HappyBirthdayAaliyah #wednesdaythoughts #GilleteAd #Brexit #wednesdaymorning #clttraffic
Brexit: Dealing With Dramatic Defeat | Korn Ferry via
The latest The Michael L. Love Daily! Thanks to #brexit #afp
Lee is a male brexit name
I liked a video Theresa May's Brexit Failure | The Daily Show with Trevor Noah
OontZ Angle 3 Solo : Super Portable Bluetooth Speaker #TrumpShutdown #ImpeachTheMF #ecommerce #speakers #Bluetooth #electronics #brexit #
Remainer Lords ‘will hijack Brexit and force Britain to stay in EU customs union’
Honestly probably the best PM in the last 20 years. Just a shame this referendum looms over him
Take some responsibility. The only reason we are here is because you fell for a massive fucking lie that your vision of brexit was possible.
An "orderly" Brexit. An "ORDERLY" Brexit?! Pretty sure that the last "orderly" thing you did was fold your boxers up in the right order. Or do you commission 's housekeeper do that for you? #ORDERORDER
Hey, #May is having an especially bad week; have the Blairites started sniping at #Corbyn to make things easier for her yet? #Brexit
Hi sorry, you know Brexit's still a thing you have to deal with right?
Who was behind Nigel Farage (sp?)? He didn't push Brexit out of love of country. Right after the vote he admitted he lied about their healthcare system &amp; money, quit his govt positions, and started campaigning for Trump.
Once people would get the same chance to vote for Brexit and also reverse the decision to leave, it would be 100% democratic. It could be argued more democratic as people would be far more informed of the realities now.
Or as Iain puts it.
It’s part of being a member of something. These are the subs and the returns are pretty substantial - FoM, a single market and a customs union. You think the grass roots cost/damage that Brexit will do is worth it? We are member of a council that sets the rules. We have a veto.
This BBC interview perfectly sums up Brexit
If we vote to leave then we leave. The probloem is that the people were misled that there was some kind of garden of eden where we could leave the EU but still get all the benefits of membership. It was never going to happen, but watch out for Scotland if there's a hard Brexit.
The latest Contract Furniture NEWS! Thanks to #brexit #brexitvote
And yes as the French enter a recession don’t need advice thankyou as Paris enters ninth week of riots
UK: A Shakespearean Brexit until the last minute via
"There is No Democratic Mandate In Britain for a So-called ‘People’s Vote’ (Second Brexit Referendum)" #news #feedly
Interesting how businesses are so against Brexit yet fund managers of billions of pounds who invest their clients money and buy these businesses aren't even that bothered doesn't that tell you all you need to know? Hambro believes Brexit will benefit UK
I want an Exit from Brexit
About "Brexit and EU integration in UK supply chains" via #Brexit #BrexitVote #BrexitDeal
The promises of the Brexit referendum were lies. False claims of savings are going to come crashing on the UK economy.
Risky! The country is no less mental than 2016. Cut a Norway deal and not risk a “no deal Brexit” winning. It was a stupid referendum. Another one will likely give a stupid result or too marginal a “remain” win. Hear it daily on #peoplesvote
#PMQs We in USA were victimized by manipulated election '16-We are in even worse situation. The #1 reason to have a #PeoplesVoteNow is that YOU CAN. Voters are more informed now about what #Brexit will mean to them. You were attacked too &amp; Putin is happy:
The latest The Dorset Daily! #brexit
Corbyn: you got smoked on the last vote, resign. Theresa May: crickets Corbyn: Brexit is nowhere after 2 years, resign. Theresa May: crickets Corbyn: we have no confidence in your ability to lead, resign. Theresa May: you know anti-semetic people.
If Brexit fails can we put some money or effort into making Glasgow into a concentration camp for SNP supporters?
Useful aid for the press and all commentators!
In a speech to the European Parliament today on #Brexit, First Vice-President closes with a quote from East Belfast's own CS Lewis "We cannot go back and change the beginning. But we can start where we are and change the ending" #CSLewis
Listen to the most recent episode of my podcast: LATEST BREXIT UPDATE
I want "brexit" to happen. Ok you voted against this deal, but you also voted against the amendment to be able to stop the backstop as well?? As an MP do as the referendum result indicated, THAT IS YOUR JOB!
Not often I agree with him... but spot on
We’re running out of time before the #Brexit deadline could see us crash out of the EU, hurting women the most. stop playing politics and join our demands for a #PeoplesVote
And situations change all the time (brexit, nhs, economy etc) and so a constituency MPs job is too review what’s happening now, listen to constituents she represents and decide on a course of action aligned with constituency voice, not to pander to party politics
As I keep saying. Cutting off nose to spite face comes to mind when it comes to the D.U.P
Does he have a suntan?
The future of Theresa May, graphic description #pmqs #Brexit
BREXIT: COMMITTEE OF UK LAWMAKERS SAYS PARLIAMENT SHOULD BE ABLE TO VOTE ON EXTENDING ARTICLE 50 IF PARLIAMENT CANNOT REACH AGREEMENT ON WAY FORWARD BEFORE MARCH 29 - RTRS What's the rush? We're *checks calendar* 69 days from deadline!!
I don't care. He should just go
The recent findings by the Population stats guys show that England is the most densely populated country in Europe. They are aware that many more are trying to sneak in, creating cramped conditions, and are posting these notices all along the south coast. #immigrant #brexit
BBC News - Alternative ways to break Brexit deadlock
Used to members subtle, or not so subtle, change
Brexit chaos, Wylfa Newydd on the brink - but here are seven reasons to stay positive about North Wales economy
If we don’t get brexit on 29/3 this is what will happen
Listen to the International Power Hour NOW for an in-depth discussion of Brexit and its impact with IUS Chancellor Ray Wallace.
Fair enough but when they see it for the first time and the state of it now I don't blame them, our system is just revolving around the shambles known as brexit and which party helps more people. I wish everyone would get involved but until something changes I don't see how
What could happen next to the Prime Minister and Brexit after no-confidence motion
There are 10 weeks to sort out lots of red tape on Brexit Having this time spent arguing about who should replace her is unlikely to help She should delegate Brexit to and she should keep out of the way
This guy is completely irrelevant, he is the reason we are in this mess. The irony is he and his kind will not be the one suffering as a result of Brexit!!!!
Constructive" is a dangerous and opportunistic notion.
Hold on a minute you wanted Parliament to decide because you didn’t like the answer the people gave and now you want kids to decide because you don’t like the answer parliament gave. People’s vote...more like people’s farce! No plan! No clue! No listen! #LBC
A very outside chance, but if you're an ERG type in a safe #Brexit seat, your voters furious with May, Labour behind you in polling, a PM who is going to quit so no job to offer you, history showing those who cause a snap tend to get punished, surely that must tempt you...
More money to NHS? That’s what the pro brexit lobby said, then they back tracked...
The latest Ray Cook's Daily Review! Thanks to #brexit #israel
There is a lot of discussion of Brexit under many different scenarios. Shouldn't we also discuss the consequences of canceling Brexit? How would pro-Brexit voters behave if their referendum vote was overturned?
Brexit vote could have massive Grand National 2019 ramifications with Irish trainers set for big decision
Not sure about "70% of supermarket supplies come from EU." It may be the translation, but if that's what he's said, he's wrong- it's 30% (of food consumed in UK). Clearly still means no-deal would be serious problem, but we shouldn't take all EU leaders say on Brexit as gospel
Jaguar to Eliminate 4,500 Jobs Worldwide Amid Brexit Slump #Jaguar #BrexitShambles
How difficult is it to assume that we will leave on WTO rules. Decision made. If we end up staying then they just continue as they do now. People making mountains out of mole hills.
Really appreciate ’s Brexit drama primer. I can’t (be bothered to) keep up. #AM2DM
Brexit proves why certain situations should not be put to the people to vote on, what a fucking shambles
All true - bar one thing. The UK - the real everyday living and breathing organism - will cope supremely well with the Brexit negotiations. However, our civil servants and politicians: an absolute shower - consistently incompetent and often even flagrantly disloyal.....
Labour want a GE but can't say what their policy on Brexit would be in the campaign. Shambolic.
Why do you keep pushing the same agenda to derail Brexit
I know the #brexit thing is terrifying but also listening to British parliament is super entertaining
Oh, Gawd. Yet another #Brexit zealot who didn't experience World War 2 claiming we could cope with #NoDealBrexit because Britain "rose from the ashes" of that war.
Berxit means Brexit. Get over your pedanticism. It was a typo.
Oh that unresponsible way of the childrens stubordness called brexit Its no innocent adventure
2019 trends to watch via - Will be paying attention to Syria, Yemen, DPRK, Iran, Israel, the US-China relationship and Brexit (not necessarily in that order)
It was genuinely only when I saw this today that I realised there are people who think "second referendum" means "re-poll using the same question wording as before". It would be in ABSOLUTELY NOBODY'S INTERESTS TO DO THAT.
Yes. She called an unnecessary GE and lost her majority. She then failed to invite the opposition to join in the Brexit negotiations to show a united UK front. Personally I don think she negotiated a deal she knew would fail, which makes me doubt her sincerity on delivering Bxt
Ya’ll motherfuckers who voted for brexit can do one moaning how fucked up it’s all going....... you voted for this!
What is your definition of 'throwing Ireland under the bus'? I don't think people know what that means. No one is throwing anyone under a bus. The EU is throwing t's own people under it's charabanc. #Brexit
Evidently we need a People's Vote to determine whether another People's Vote on Brexit should take place. #PeoplesVoteVote #bbcnews #Brexit
Carmaker JLR urges UK lawmakers to prevent a no-deal Brexit Britain's biggest carmaker Jaguar Land Rover (JLR) urged lawmakers to rule out the possibility that the country leaves the European Union without a deal, to prevent companies from having to make costly contingency p…
Epic!
The 'United' States govt continues to be in partial shutdown. #USShutdown The 'United Kingdom' is torn over #Brexit . If being 'united' is this, well, what would the opposite be?
He is a devout born again Christian so no doubt the Lord gave him a special dispensatiom, Brexit being God's Will &amp; all. Lol
Apparently many Tory MPs can do this. #brexitdebate #BrexitTheUncivilWar #BrexitNecrosis #Brexit #PoliticalCannibalism
“nO RAGrEtS” - Scotty P
Carmaker JLR urges UK lawmakers to prevent a no-deal Brexit
I agree somewhat. I actually am somehow encouraged though. The UK still has the talent + the people 2 lead properly. The issue is about getting those people into right places. Brexit is not suez 2.0. It is a statement of systematic failure of Parl. + gov. Reversible if acted on.
Leave campaigners in denial over complexity of this from the start. Easier to buy unicorns!
Labour Back Bencher compares Mrs May's EU deal to the 1494 treaty of Tordesillas, between Spain and Portugal to try and carve up Europe, which ended up defunct because the rest of Europe didn't agree. #voteofnoconfidence #brexit #NoDeal #Labour
Theresa May Historical Brexit Fail as Parliament Deals an Enormous Defeat via
Irish PM denies having secret no-deal Brexit plan for border checks
At 0:19, Richard Burgon says, "..stall our diversity". He's a like a religious zealot castigating a member of another sect for delaying the apocalypse.
Carmaker JLR urges UK lawmakers to prevent a no-deal Brexit
absolutely disgusted that I was not reserved a seat on the tube. can't wait for brexit so we can get our country back.
If you still don’t think the Brexit vote &amp; the Trump vote was stupid. The British government have no idea what to do, and the US don’t even have a government. Recessions are now inevitable.
#BREAKING:#Putin's Russia is destabilizing the UK(#Brexit) and now the US with the NEEDLESS #TrumpShutdown perpetuated by . Folks, #InvestigateMcConnell!! #TheResistance #RussianAsset #CNN #MSNBC #Yahoo #WednesdayThoughts #FBRParty
Companies cry out for Brexit clarity, warn on no-deal -
Not even brexit tbh - I really enjoyed myself when I went last year.. and it’s just such a chilled environment
Do you need our help? Would it help if foreign powers came in and took temporary control to sort things out for you? This is not meant as a threat but as lending a helping hand. Like you helped us Germans after WWII or like the UN in Iraq etc. #Brexit
#Brexit in one gif #BrexitShambles
Brexit won't succeed in for what the IRA failed to do. You were born, raised in England &amp; made your career on British money. Shut the fuck up and let the people of Northern Ireland be.
What we saw last night was an understated British version of the US government shutdown. #brexit
Are Vladimir Putin's fingerprints on the U.S. government shutdown and Brexit defeat? By :
Government 'sneaks out' £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote via
I believe 2019 is "fallow year" for Brexit festival.
Brexit.
Carmaker JLR urges UK lawmakers to prevent a no-deal Brexit
Six tories. #ToBeToryIsAHateCrime
Totally. Tories want a no deal hard Brexit. May's ruled out both GE and SR. She's not budging on her red lines. The EU has said that they will give a favorable response if UK shifts its red lines. May will run down the clock for hard Brexit.
Macron nails it.
Brexit vote: European 'surprise' at scale of defeat. Because we vote OUT . And deal was the EUs to keep control of the U.K. We I'll not roll over .. We will not pay £ billions we will close our doors and take back our fishing waters
We didn't vote clearly for Brexit, it was marginal with a high turnout from the old and low from the young (damn them). The vote was based on lies and lack of information and would certainly be different now.
Deeply worrying that at a time of national emergency is more interested in debating a government that left office four years ago than he is in debating Brexit. Good response by but my God this is frightening.
Make Your Escape: Where To Emigrate To Avoid BREXIT.
But it is up to me to pretend to run Europe
If only things had happened this way. The triggering of Article 50 so early was so wrong..
Corbyn should push a second referendum ASAP - the more chaos the government is in, the more unfavorable a brexit “aye” will prove to be in the popular vote
Would a Norway option break the Brexit stalemate? Here's what new polling tells us - The Conversation - UK
#BREXIT Disaster just around the corner via
Brexit movie song - Rock and a Hard Place by The Rolling Stones...
No deal, the Norway model, the Canada model, Theresa May's deal, Remain - how the different Brexit options compare - Sunderland Echo
Lawyers express concern after #UK rejects #Brexit deal
Carmaker JLR urges UK lawmakers to prevent a no-deal Brexit
Spot on.
See how I'm stuck....mine runs out June this year....do I renew now..or wait till after brexit ??
Theresa May's Brexit Failure | The Daily Show with Trevor Noah via
Americans, any advice for the UK during their Brexit uncertainty? And for those in the UK... any advice for Americans? #AM2DM
Give us a clean break no deal brexit, and we can then negotiate deals from a position of strength
A Short History of Brexit by Kevin O’Rourke review – a devastating account
Following the comprehensive rejection last night of the Brexit withdrawal agreement in the UK parliament, pharmaceutical groups give their feedback. #marketaccess #pharmaceutics #withdrawals #health #Brexit #ThePMI19
Absolute circus, I can't believe people are wasting their valuable time on this garbage, whether we are in or out, doesn't actually matter because you will still be working for the central banks and corporations which run the government anyway, thats fact unfortunately #Brexit
Democracy
Thank you to the UK for showing America that we “May” not have the most dysfunctional government. #Brexit #PeoplesVote #TrumpShutdown
#Brexit: MPs debate no-confidence motion after May's deal defeat – Politics live
Dear all the people in the UK, This wasn't done for a UK audience, it was done for a French one. But this is the reality of the mess you now find yourselves in. Enjoy. x
Brexit ironically gave reason for liberals to find their voice in all this mess and people like myself have written numerous complaints about how they introduce IAE instead of saying what they are. Maybe others have complained too so you see them less now
My guess - Next Monday/Tuesday after "Plan B" and the following motion of no confidence. Unless May accommodates Labour Brexit tests for their support to back the deal.(?)
May and Brexit Face Uncertain Future After Crushing Defeat in Parliament
The Brexit Shituation has me wondering if We The People can force a "no confidence" vote on our Dotard in the White House???? Thoughts?
Sheer bloody poetry
Brexit isn't a legal thing, could easy say we aren't leaving and that would be legal, it was an opinion poll. As for you not knowing what to vote for, no one did. No one new the consequences, we do now and should get a chance to change that.
Findings by have found that 66% of EU #professionals in the #UK may leave after #Brexit. With 85% of #EU nationals polled agreeing that “Brexit has made EU citizens from outside the UK feel less welcome.”
Pro-EU UK Conservative lawmaker puts forward legislation for second Brexit referendum via
Keep the British people in our European Family!
Billboard campaign reminds voters of MPs' Brexit promises
I think that's ducking the question, would you support a decent customs union Brexit, bearing in mind public opinion in our marginals? Agree FoM is a good thing, but that doesn't mean it has to be a diktat by the EU. Easier to sell to the public if we have a choice about it.
A PEOPLES VOTE WITH 3 OPTIONS WOULD RESULT IN A CLEAR REMAIN MANDATE “If there was a referendum tomorrow with the options of remaining in the EU, accepting the government’s Brexit agreement, or leaving the EU without a deal, which would you support?” Source as other graphs.
British MPs reject Theresa May’s Brexit deal
Is KFC allowed under Brexit?
Day after Brexit defeat, Theresa May faces no confidence vote
#Brexit deal rejected in historic vote: Britain’s parliament on Tuesday has rejected Prime…
#MichelBarnier admits #EU has never been so afraid of #nodeal and demands #UK breaks #Brexit deadlock via
You would think that the powers that be would find this an excellent time to "discover" that the Brexit vote was a corrupt sham.
Time to place bets on May revoking article 50 then.
“ and its brethren in the UK are what led to BREXIT vote and the disaster that we’re in now”. That and the total ineptitude of , who think they're cleverer than everyone else, but the opposite applies.
News takes shape over the matter of weeks and months. Today's Brexit isn't much different from yesterday's. I simply sample the news less frequently, and rely upon indirect sources such as word of mouth if there's an important new development.
As an unfortunate member of your constituency, I find your calls for Theresa May to suspend parliament until April in order to "guarantee Brexit” to be deeply undemocratic.
No, nobody sane wants 'No-Deal'. That would be the worst outcome possible economically and politically. The referendum would be.. 1. The Deal 2. Remain #Brexit #PeoplesVote #FBPE #BrexitVote #PMQs #finalsay
Why weren't the idiots who said "Brexit would be SO easy" doing any of the negotiating for #Brexit? Particularly that insufferable Nigel Farage? He made all these promises and then immediately ran away. Hang this albatross on him.
'Brextinct': i like the ’s front page - not sure either #May or #Brexit dead yet though
Very good. I don't agree with every word but agree with the conclusion (sort of) that we can only resolve this impasse with #PeoplesVote
And she thinks a #indyref2 YES vote will be accepted in #Westminster, after her and pushing to overturn the #UK #EU ref and introduce fascism into the UK? has destroyed #Scotland and it's chances of independence. #DissolveTheUnion #Brexit #leave #indyref
U.K. finance chief Philip Hammond seeks to keep business fury from boiling over after Brexit defeat via
MPs alone won’t solve the Brexit deadlock. We need a citizens’ assembly | Lisa Nandy and Stella Creasy: Dennis ... -
Why an accidental Brexit could be the best thing for the UK
Some 'wise' words from Michael Gove.
Brexit fish and chips
A second referendum is an easy way out for MPs – but not for democracy | Chris Bickerton: -
Nope you are very much against the country going in a different direction to your globalist heroes
Gareth Bale’s Real Madrid Future in Doubt if ‘No Deal’ Brexit Is Approved
People were duped to vote for a #Brexit by nationalists and forgein forces. An uninformed or misinformed vote is the opposite of democracy. Democracy is about the will of the people. Not about securing the gains of having misled them. Revote and #Bremain
It looks like Shane Ross wants to be honest with the people while wants to continue to hoodwink us after their appalling tactical failure on Brexit.
To add, I believe labour would have voted against even a good deal to create more chaos and point score. The parties need to put aside their differences and own political aspirations and work in the interest of the country to secure the best brexit deal possible.
Gareth Bale’s Real Madrid Future in Doubt if ‘No Deal’ Brexit Is Approved
That’s not how the economics work. They’ll take a big financial hit from brexit as it is and must sell us what they can. We’re happy to deal with them where it suits us. They most certainly hold no gun to our head if that’s the impression you are trying to conjure up? Vice versa
This is what should be occupying our energies, not more and more sodding Brexit. But we need to stand together with our European partners to take on the global fossil-fuel multinationals.
No, you don't understand. You think where the establishment is concerned it's about leaving the EU and going on to WTO. It's not, for them it's warfare against the EU, as they're using Brexit to try and break up the union. If we don't take No Deal off the table we're all at risk.
Well, how did that go?
We don’t want “compromise”. Compromise is buying fillet steak and being given offal. “Sorry sir, we’ve ran out of steak....you’ve got to compromise. That’ll be £25 sir”. We voted Leave, not half-way in. The electorate HAVE decided. Demos Kratos .... power to the people #Brexit
Some are too thick to understand. Some others deliberately seek to provoke.
Douglas, what is it you like best about Brexit? If you find this an odd question, then perhaps re-examine your criticism of opposition parties trying to focus on practical approaches to opposing brexit rather than repetitive grandstanding.
Gareth Bale’s Real Madrid Future in Doubt if ‘No Deal’ Brexit Is Approved
Carmaker JLR urges UK lawmakers to prevent a no-deal Brexit
The whole problem with politics now is it always comes down to saying the other side is wrong on economy, education and health. How does this help? Especially when your own government has said #Brexit will harm all three?
Brexit: What British failure to make a deal with EU would mean for Australians and our exports - Courier Mail
Carmaker JLR urges UK lawmakers to prevent a no-deal Brexit
Putin says US wants to 'assert dominance' in Balkans as Macedonia changes name — What a “cry baby”! Putin has his lackey in the White House and got his way on Brexit; he can go choke on a “hamberder” or banger!
Enjoy your Tory brexit.
A feast fit for Kings!! Hilarious. He isn't just doing a superb job as President - both home and abroad. He is so entertaining. If only the U.K. had Donald to negotiate Brexit with that E.U. mafia - we'd be a free independent country now.
Despite losing by 230 votes some Tories including Theresa May refuse to accept the deal is dead. She's like a Japanese kamikaze pilot on a remote island unaware she lost the war. #Brexit
I think it is a big story, a conspiracy to implicate the former FM. The criminal decision to leak to the press, the poor handling of two complainants. I think Brexit is huge two, they’re not mutually exclusive.
Let's talk about Brexit
Brexit isn’t going to happen and we will soon have a Labour government. Please change my mind.
Macron on #Brexit: 1rst option, no deal (first losers would be the British). 2nd option, UK tries to amend proposed agreement (unlikely to get anything much). 3rd option (most likely), UK asks for more time. “All this creates uncertainty and worries.”
#MichaelJackson #documentary #filmmaker #NewsAlert #WednesdayWisdom #NewsToday #thesingingrealtor shameless reaching hashtags to follow: #10yearchallenege #brexit #GoesBetterWithCoffee #GovernmentShutdown #10yrschallenge #travel #love
Memo to from : 'We can't keep doing the same thing over and over expecting a different result. That's Einstein's definition of insanity.'
if there was an election tomorrow , based on MPs you'd win. National treasure
British PM: If we fail to deliver Brexit, public confidence will be at 'all time low'
'EU will bite our arms off' Farage REVEALS brilliant plan to secure Brexit in 48 HOURS
Is that covered by ecj ruling though? I read the ruling as implying a50 unilateral revocation needs brexit cancellation not just extension of negotiations
Channel 4 News Presenter Cathy Newman Discussing A Northern Ireland Backstop Legal Assurance; "The Brexiteers are looking for something fantastical"- Rep. of Ireland Senator Neil Richmond in Dublin.
is brexit really happeing... according to farage the deal on offer is not brexit so you might be wrong there... i also think you will find herr farage (got beat by a bloke in a dolphin suit) was not even a bit part player as he had fa to do with the official campaign...
EU negotiator fearing chaotic no-deal Brexit 'more than ever'
How’s it transpired that the treacherous BBC are now running brexit ??
Brexit LIVE: Fresh chaos as Tory rebel tries to make second referendum THE LAW
Incredibly apt. Applies to the Trump presidency as well.
Again I ask, what is yours and your party’s Brexit policy?
Theresa May is a domestic extremist.
No matter what May brings to parliament it will fail, because Tories and Labour still have dreams of a unicorn Brexit where the UK has a say in EU regulations, and is dead set for ending free movement (even if it means Brexit, no watering down of EU FoM is a red line for me).
I think "kompromat" will be the word of 2019. I saw it used a few times in 2018, think it will become a common English word before #Brexit is done.
Listen in to the European Scrutiny Committee. Whitehall mandrins running brexit whilst politicians asleep at the wheel. No way could this be described as a negotiation. More of a rollover.
Boris or raab? Really? Boris is a joke and raab became brexit sec to immediately announce May was taking the reigns in negotiations. Rees-Mogg is the only candidate.
It wouldn’t have been the same question though. 2016 wasn’t between Remain or No Deal Brexit. It was just leave (then figure out what Leave means later).
Ministry of defence issue a Hurt Feelings Kit in case of a No Deal Brexit.. Get yours ASAP #Snowflakes #Bluehand
Well worth watching: Brexit 2: May &amp; Trump vs Truth, with Stephen Fry via
“We can rise from the ashes, we fought a World War”, says this Welsh Gammon. Well Yes, we did didnt we. We fought 2 in fact. We fought in these World Wars to crush nationalism &amp; accomplish peace and unity in Europe. To build a union to make sure that it could never happen again
Wake we up before you go go While your playing with the Brexit yo yo #MayDisaster
"Leave means leave". Alea Iacta Esto. #Brexit
#SovereignWTOBrexit is the only way to deliver Brexit, democracy and a future for Great Britain and is exactly what we voted for... There can be no FTA until after we have left...
Yep, memories are short &amp; Iraq wasn't Labour's only mistake. My kuma spent 3 months hiding in a basement whilst Blair was off testing his cruise missiles so no love here but, with politics as it is I'd support them if they stopped Brexit. If they don't, I'll support whoever will.
It is like a little hand held radio with one channel telling us what’s best for us. Let’s get brexit sorted then we can have a full on assault of the BBC licence! Whilst we have some fight in us.
well shove a crumpet up my ass and call it brexit i'm living in the wrong london
EU ready to discuss new Brexit deal if UK changes 'red lines'
Carmaker JLR urges UK lawmakers to prevent a no-deal Brexit REUTERS
Brexit comes to its final conclusion
British PM: If we fail to deliver Brexit, public confidence will be at 'all time low'
Not even the Russia probe could keep Brexit out of the US headlines yesterday. Here's a piece unpacking America’s fascination with Westminster’s meltdown.
Ok, So Where The Hell Does Brexit Go From Here?
It's quite pathetic how some Tories still continue saying "there was a #PeoplesVote, it took place in 2016 and the people decided to leave". They neither acknowledge that the situation is completely different from 2016 nor that people now don't want this #Brexit. Utterly deluded.
Brits in Sweden ‘could stay for one year’ in event of no-deal Brexit
BREXIT UK law UK must leave EU.
BLOG: Presently, UK creditors can use European Enforcement Orders for securing enforcement of Judgments in other EU states. With uncertainty over #Brexit, how could this be affected? Read more &gt;&gt;
Carmaker JLR urges UK lawmakers to prevent a no-deal Brexit
It's an important question. Mogg has hung his hat on an economist who says a no deal brexit will destroy our manufacturing and agriculture industry. He refuses to acknowledge this because of the damage it will do to his cause.
Carmaker JLR urges UK lawmakers to prevent a no-deal Brexit
If Corbyn wants to be consulted on the way forward on Brexit he at least needs to have a position on the way forward on Brexit
Oh lol that’s what you think is gonna threaten it ?
New post: "Carmaker JLR urges UK lawmakers to prevent a no-deal Brexit"
British house price relatively stable amid Brexit uncertainty -
Well done Jon Snow. This just proves the entire mentality with in Your either with them, or you're the enemy. #TheRealNastyParty
It's not hard to predict what was voted for, a no deal Brexit
The Conservative Party should never have been trusted to deliver Brexit. They only care about big business that wants uncontrolled immigration to keep wages down and wants more people in Britain to spend more money. There is nothing Conservative about this party whatsoever.
So what are you pushing now Will? An even more watered down version of Brexit, no deal or revoke? I have a preference, but wanted to understand what you’re pushing as our representative.
Here's something to analyse!
The BMA supports a second referendum.
does or has any one benefited from Brexit staying in limbo?
says that no deal #Brexit would be uncharted territory with massive effects for every day life.
I am pro brexit
We all want the Tories out - but the optics of JC taking up the mantle in a time of crisis and delivering Labour policy on Brexit - while still in opposition - shows statesmanship not self interest and will appeal to swing voters in marginal seats when the election does come
Jeremy Corbyn is abandoning Labour Party members' and voters' desire for a #PeoplesVote and will push #Brexit through. It's time to #AbandonLabour! #PMQs #NoConfidenceMotion
oh lord
Only way Brexit happens now.May must resign.2.Instal Euro hating PM(only way Electorate will forgive GE to get back Parl majority 4.Tell EU where to go
He never answers a direct question. He waffles and doesn't finish sentences. He wants Brexit and he's enabling the Tories in getting it. He has about a week to do something.
Hahaha you have to love this man haha
Yes, they aren't listening. May trying to wrap us all in the red, white and blue Brexit is sickening now..
Clean Brexit would provide the UK with huge opportunities
i dont need to. labour is a remain party. its members want remain, its voters want remain, its Mps want remain. its leadership wants to enact hard brexit.
that this house does not spark joy #brexit #pmqs
Carmaker JLR urges UK lawmakers to prevent a no-deal Brexit
Brexit Memes - they are funny and don’t we need a little brevity as the UK’s PM doesn’t invite Corbyn to the ‘what next talks’ ….
I don’t necessarily agree with Neil Parish but if the Tory backbenches had more people like him, I think we’d probably have a deal. He wants Brexit, doesn’t want a CU, but genuinely wants a deal.
“ Arlene Foster, who still has all the warmth of the matriarch of a remote farm who retains the passports of her labourers.” Superb.
Talking #Brexit With Prof. Thom Brooks 2 via
The latest The Standbys Daily! Thanks to #space #brexit
New report from Commons Brexit Committee says MPs should be given vote on extending Article 50 if Parliament cannot agree how to proceed on a way forward before March 29
Mrs May will not get us true Brexit. She will eventually make it Brino but with lots of intrigue within the Tory Party on the basis of Tory seats.Tory Brexiteers intend to back her today with only their seats and not fear of Corbyn as motivation.We are not fools
Wait! Does that mean that Shinzo Abe saying last week that the *whole* world is against a No Deal Brexit is simply not the case?
is making a good case for the tough #Brexit part of the Conservative party splitting from the moderate part, which can join with people across the house wanting to protect the economy and international relations .
lov'it xfactor to descide our brexit process that chair process haha
I voted for him in 2017 and I'm not calling for him to resign. I'm still hanging in, reserving judgement for the next week or two. But an election's not happening and the guy has to do something Ben. In PMQs he said brexit is the biggest issue and somethings got to give.
Govt hate giving the public a "say" in anything. However, I believe DC gave us a referendum (when no one was asking for one) so that whatever the outcome "the public" would be responsible for our "New Deal" with the EU. Clearly, the EU had more to do with Brexit than we realise.
The margin for #Brexit was very small. People were manipulated with lies. Just as the hostile regime change in the US, Russia also executed a very succesfull influence operation in the UK. Disrupting EU &amp; NATO is goal of Putin. Why does May insist to help him?
Crushing defeat for May as Brexit deal voted down by Parliament
Companies cry out for #Brexit clarity, warn on no-deal
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK #DestroyingDemocracyDonald
Brexit: EU opens door to further trade negotiations if T. May ditches red lines. The only deal they want and will accept is one that keeps the UK inside their clutches. They seek to ensure the UK keep paying billions for their survival, a military that will enforce membership.
Chatter Episode 34 – Professor Colin Harvey on Brexit, The Good Friday Agreement, and a Citizens #podcast #uk
Confused about #Brexit? Never fear: is here to help. Ask her anything:
oh bugger off ye drip of Maggie menses #Brexit
In the case of huge constitutional change which will be hard to reverse...ie Brexit ... ideally you need a stable result that won't change if the same question is asked the following day or a couple of years later. A super majority - 65-70 percent in favour?
The latest Technology, Politics and Art! Thanks to #brexit #brexitshambles
JRM was great its about time someone put it firmly on there toes i wish a few more would aswell and they would soon start changing there tune #Brexit
Excellent article and didn't they look so happy together?
This whole #brexit stuff is making my brain hurt. Better just stick to making video games, burying our heads in the sand and hoping that things don't implode #mood #wednesdaywisdom #videogamesarebetter
Hypocrisy is the lowest-hanging fruit when it comes to political critique. Partially because of that, it's also quite often the least effective.
Andrea Leadsom rules out extending #Article50; Theresa May leaves the door open to that possibility. Which is it? The country has a right to know. To delay Brexit in this way is going to cause public anger and dismay on a scale we've not seen before. #BrexitShambles #brexitdebate
Beth get's owned in the replies here. #KarmaIsABitch
A no deal Brexit is an increasing possibility - what would it mean for charities?
There is no such thing as a hardline Brexiteers. We voted to leave and that meant, and we understood that meant, right out. What is negotiated after is a different matter once we are out. Therefore the answer is No Deal
Cameron and Comey drink the same tea everyday.
The government of which you are part has shown utter incompetence over Brexit and failure to understand importance to country, not to mention general paralysis of politics. Voters won't forget.
A worse withdrawal than May's #brexit deal!
on thin ice, maybe. And she has been asking for a second vote on Brexit. I for one will be donating to her constituency Labour Party to help oust this person from her seat.
And his behaviour since, time and time again ignoring open goals on Brexit, talking about busses or whatever at PMQs. He seems happy to sit back and let Brexit happen and let the Tories carry the can.
I liked a video Theresa May's Brexit Failure | The Daily Show with Trevor Noah
Trying to work out the single moment that lead to this #Brexit clusterfuck. I am drawn to the Ed Miliband bacon sandwich but open other suggestions. #howdidweenduphere #chaos
Thats why i agree to getting anything that will work. But putting more privatization on the table as a key tool is a NO, NO. Have you seen how U.K is delibrating on the negotiation of BREXIT? thats a nation, it does not change the fact that some standard need to be met
Cant wait for the 6 nations in febuary a great distraction from brexit
They're a driving force in the Conservative party. But what do the ERG really believe?
British Prime Minister Theresa May faces another vote of confidence after her Brexit deal lost by 230 votes in parliament. Read 's Heather Conley's analysis of Theresa May's endgame from November.
The UK Government is in chaos, with the Parliament officially rejecting a proposed Brexit deal with just over 70 days until the exit deadline. #TheLatest #7News
OK.... he needs to regret this.
The biggest support in the country is for No Deal. Give us a clean break brexit now. We are fed up with lies and scaremongering from remainers
Rapper Drillminister: Recycling Brexit #politik #wirtschaft
Companies cry out for Brexit clarity, warn on no-deal
Shows how people can change their minds when new facts emerge. That is what democracy is about. If anyone thinks that we don't know more now about how complicated &amp; possibly devastating Brexit might be,than we did at time of Referendum they are stuck in mud wearing blinkers!
British Parliament Rejected Brexit Deal-Historic Defeat for PM May
We have several volunteers who live in Broxtowe, who are lifelong labour voters but would vote for if there was an election. Admittedly they would hold their nose doing it but brexit trumps everything.
EU Parliament&amp;#x27;s Brexit negotiator says British parties must cooperate on Brexit [Yahoo]
UK's Labour calls on May to try a Brexit compromise to get deal passed
Why don't you ask her if she's going to stay? Why don't you ask her if she's going away? Why don't you tell me what's going on? Why don't you tell me who's on the phone? Why don't you ask her what's going on? #brexit #EuropeanUnion #FleetwoodMac
What exactly do the British people want with that Brexit thing? Do they expect their Prime Minister to use a Sjambok against the EU to get the concessions they want? Hasn't she negotiated enough with the recalcitrant EU?
Brexit hasn't even happened yet.
Me! I'll say it. Brexit and brexiteers can go get fucked!
Thought this was a concise explanation of the hellbeast that is #Brexit, and May's failure to navigate a smooth exit from the EU. It's a huge worry.
UK Drops 81 Places in the Cost of Living Ranking since Brexit Referendum
Does the DUP's 'Let 'em eat flegs' Brexit strategy demonstrate that they are:
Right, the timelines full of this Brexit shite. Can we get back to the shitty transfer rumours and pant pishing please?
#Brexit what a colossal mess!
Great poster Billboard campaign reminds voters of MPs' Brexit promises
But think of these possible outcomes: Small win for Remain: Half the country is still angry and disenfranchised. Small win for Leave: total carte Blanche for hard Tory Brexit. Landslide for Remain is only way to remain, and I don't think that's likely :/
Historian: Queen Should Suspend Parliament to Stop Anti-Brexit Plots
Plz sort out Brexit shambles while you are there. We need fresh minds &amp; thinking.
Indeed.
Most of the people I know voted for brexit because they were told there’d be beneficial deals all round. Nothing about “no deal” or “WTO”! Who, exactly have you been speaking to? Old school chums?
The Norway option is not Brexit #Traitor
NO DSS and NO JOB NO HOME will become the norm in social housing and this UK homeless epidemic it gives is more pressing than #Brexit #housing #ukhousing
You own Brexit which has taken over and divided our great nation!!!
The sheer gall of the Prime Minister. As usual, nails it: "Her response to losing by 230 votes... invite people in to tell them why she is right." #Brexit
It's #WordieWednesday! Today's word is omnishambles, and I have #Brexit on the mind.
Am i tje only one who doesnt care about the PM and brexit and dat?
The Bristol Council document 'Population in Bristol 2018' uses the same 2011 data that the Brexit working group used, so I suspect it's what the council use. Where does 30k EU citizens come from?
Someone please explain brexit to me as if I’m 5 (I’m 5)
Best compromise? Three-way vote: a) May's deal b) No deal c) Cancel Brexit Run-off vote a week or so later if no option gets &gt;50%.
Dow and Nasdaq soar amid #GovernmentShutdownstories , #brexit, Trump TradeWar, #fed tightening
What does 2019 have in store for the property industry? #property #Brexit #Cheltenham
EU Parliament&amp;#x27;s Brexit negotiator says British parties must cooperate on Brexit
you are a turkey
While our establishment politicians on their EU-funded pensions might want to overturn Brexit, the people of Britain will never surrender to...
A-ha! The Member of Parliament for Upskirting wants to talk about "wholly unacceptable behaviour by The EU #Brexit via
Balancing container supply-demand, the Port of Houston and Brexit, looks at the big topics for the container ship industry in 2019. #Containers #Brexit #Ports #Shipping
Former UK Prime Minister David Cameron says he doesn't regret calling the Brexit referendum
this is a genius idea and needs to happen all over the country
There is no valid business case for Brexit. Not a single benefit to the people of the UK. Simples. Throw it and its architects in the bin asap.
BBC News - May says opponents of Brexit deal risk 'letting British people down'
We know the deal may got is crap we don't know how Brexit will happen in the end no1 for 100%
Power to Gina Miller’s no-Brexit book RISE it foreshadows a new role for Black Britons in the public realm.
So much for those promises not to build a hard border in case of No Deal.
"Prime Minister Theresa May's Brexit deal has been rejected by 230 votes" Theresa:
The onus therefore is on the Labour Party to put forward a program and a Shadow Cabinet that has credibility. A combination of a ludicrous cake and eat it Brexit policy and the Burgon/Gardiner chuckle brothers double act, delivers neither. The Tories are set to rule for 10 years.
Labour leadership need a closer relationship with reality
Reuters: Carmaker JLR urges UK lawmakers to prevent a no-deal Brexit
Brexit will punish this country and hurt the poor most. He needs to do something soon.
But u need permission!!!! From the masters south...FYI I agree with you if it was possible. #gilletteboycott #instagram #indyref2 #indyref #BrexitDealVote #Brexit
I've campaigned in the GE2017; I was surprised that Brexit was of less importance for most people (I lived in the Tory heartl. Hamps); the young people voted Corbyn because he was talking about their "dreams" and they trust him (and labour in the polls is still at 65% with them).
The only way to get through this parliamentary impasse is for Parliament to take back control, restore the rule of law and #RevokeArticle50 : no more playing for time until the clock has run down, thanks.
Driven to a nervous breakdown by #Brexit, Britain had moved on to other priorities on the legislative agenda.
Thank you!
Needs no comment.....
“Disastrous Consequences for London” you say. Have a look in the mirror mate, then you’ll see what a Disastrous Consequence really looks like! #BrexitVote
And wd mean extension of Article 50 and stop us crashing out!
Yes I'm a Brit in San Francisco. Hope your hugely simplistic view of the Brexit issue doesn't leave you too angry and disappointed. They tell me that's bad for your health. All the best. Giles
Should Theresa May honor the old #referendum like she claims or agree to a #PeoplesVote to find out what the public wants NOW? 71 Labour MPs come out in support of the second option, hoping to put this #Brexit chaos to an end.
Petition: Brexit re article 50 it must not be suspended/stopped under any circumstances
Long way to go to bring Britain back together after Brexit vote - May: -
I'd like to see him charged for what his cowardice has cost our country !!!
another point less vote tonight! If it's the country your thinking about you would help to sort #brexit but you just want power!
BREXIT Never before in the history and democracy has so much self indulgence self serving self interest against the people who elected them been shown. We voted as a country and a collective We didnt vote as...
A.K.A The Brexit Propaganda
I’m sorry, but this isn’t about brexit. Is there some sort of error occurring?
Unsuited to the current apocalyptic #Brexit climate, but (therefore?) one of the most measured analyses I've read:
Which country? England is about the only one that is still Tory brexit. Tories have been promising to fix broken Britain since before the 2010 election. It is looking more and more irreparable by the minute.
Continent of chances? I really believe in that. The remaining members of the EU have to be tied closely together in order to speak to the rest of the world with ONE voice - now more than ever. #Brexit #European
No that’s just the shockwave from the Brexit vote yesterday. Prepare for aftershocks tonight in the vote of confidence
IATA calls for clarity as Brexit flight cap looms #airlines
Embattled UK PM May faces vote of no confidence over Brexit deal rejection
Billboard campaign reminds voters of MPs' Brexit promises
Dear God you people really are pathetic. Holding a second referendum on the terms of Brexit is not something to fear unless you are scared of the potential outcome. Similarly if you are confident in your argument against #indyref2 you wouldn’t be fighting against it.
They were in the low 20s before GE 17 &amp; ended up smashing the tory maj which means theresa may couldn't get her hard arse brexit through Imagine how things could be if the PLP got behind him instead of campaign ing against
Want to know what's going on in the currency markets? Read our weekly FX market update here.
He's also a LFI member too.
Kick out the Tories.
If the Tories won't go we must make them. #MayOutNow
If she resigns we could end up with an even harder Brexit and no strong opposition. #peoplesvote #newlabourleader #toriesout
Only 71, so never going to happen, Labour have guaranteed that.
#BREXIT Remainer LIES: David Cameron implied in a speech about the "serried rows of white headstones" that World War 3 would be upon us if Brexit occurred.
#BREXIT Remainer LIES: George Osborne predicted tax rises and spending cuts would be implemented.
I liked a video Theresa May's Brexit deal - Only Fools and Horses version
#BREXIT Remainer LIES: Despite Anna Soubry's claim to the contrary on a recent Question Time appearance, Remainers did suggest there would be an immediate Brexit recession.
Analysis: May’s Brexit plan just collapsed. Here’s what’s next.
Brexit Memes - they are funny and don’t we need a little brevity as the UK’s PM doesn’t invite Corbyn to the ‘what next talks’ ….
#BREXIT Remainer LIES: 3 million people in the UK will lose their jobs was the fictitious figure banded about. However, in July the claimant count fell by 8,600 to 763,600, despite an expected rise of 9,500.
#BREXIT Remainer LIES: A dangerous fantasy" is how Nick Clegg described Nigel Farage's claim of EU plans to create an army. Barely three months on from the Referendum, Juncker has proposed an EU Army.
#BREXIT Remainer LIES: Companies would leave the UK in their droves, especially in the car industryNo sign of this,and UK car manufacturing achieving its12th successive month of growth in July,with production passing one million units in seven months forthe first time in 12 years
We’re heading for a #Brexit #extension, strategist predicts | Street Signs Europe #FED #Interest #Rate #Stocks #Markets #WTI #TAX #OPIC #DOW #Nasdaq #S&amp;P #Economy #Tariffs #China #trade #volatility #Trading #Investing #FANG #index…
#BREXIT Remainer LIES: David Cameron said he wouldn't resign as Prime Minister if he lost the Referendum vote.
Macron has it spot on
#BREXIT Remainer LIES: Universities wanted the UK to remain in the EU because leaving would result in Horizon 2020 funding disappearing. The new Chancellor, Philip Hammond, has agreed to keep this funding in place.
#BREXIT Remainer LIES: Disclaimer All fact are from just one website …
I hope when the politicians come out from debating Brexit we've all just gone.
Completely unrelated to Brexit or maybe it was reflecting my mood on what was a dark, wet morning but heard Champagne Supernova by Oasis on radio and thought that's the song I want to play me out. What's yours?
Need temperature controlled space fast? Temporary buildings with climate control systems available now. Advanced Climate Rentals Ltd- 01332 410037 #howto #rentals #climate #temperaturecontrolled #wemakeitwork #brexit #climaterentals #chilledstorage #c…
While everyone waits for the next step in the #Brexit saga, it is worth reminding policy makers that massive uncertainty + a mature business cycle, is dragging the economy down. LEI month-on-month change is again -0.4%. Here on the short-term outlook
I would watch this
We need to stop using remainer terms such as ‘hard brexit’, ‘soft brexit’, ‘crash out’, ‘people’s vote’ and call this what it really is: *our fight for independence*. Those that fight against #UKindependence are EU stooges, quislings and unpatriotic
The referendum wasn't manipulated in that way, but #Brexit is certainly being sabotaged by scaremongering over "No Deal" at the moment.... #politics
These Asian Companies Are Bracing for a Potential Hard Brexit
Agreed. Don't get me wrong I don't want to leave but the democracy thing is justified. Leave won but Brexit is, at this time, a shitstorm...
Berxit means Brexit. If you understand Brexit then you'll have no problem understanding a typo.
I liked a video Brexit Meltdown as Theresa May is Massively Defeated on Her Crappy Deal
A soft brexit is an option. Everyone is pretending it's not but it blatantly is.
Ryan I'm fairly sure he'll vote with Labour tonight. I also think it's largely academic. For me the interest is what happens next. Will Cornyn back a 2nd referendum, in accordance with party policy? Or will be to with his own preference which is to save Brexit through
Great to have been part of the launch of this grest bit of infrastructure today with some of our Wigan based ride leaders and Champions... selfies with Mr B himself to follow!
He writes the songs that make we want tae greet! Brexit related music.
The UN report cited austerity is domestic decision ie nothing to do with EU &amp; a political decision not a necessity, &amp; it directly caused poverty &amp; death . It said that Brexit was same &amp; wld be WORSE. A GE between 2 Brexit parties will end the same way as GE17. #PeoplesVote
Exactly, I can’t understand this let’s have a GE when both major parties stand for the same Brexit and Labour won’t be able to pay for their reforms if we leave the EU
Who do you propose as next leader of the Conservative party? A leader I committed to leaving the European Union could risk another General election. One, which bodes ill for a fractured Conservative party! I think is the best option for an orderly Brexit.
After Defeat on Brexit Plan, Theresa May Faces No-Confidence Vote
Bannon did not respond to requests for comment. But his name and private e-mail address appear on the chain of three e-mails in October, 2015
Alright? 'ere! Imagine BREXIT: THE MOVIE! Dame Helen Mirren is Theresa May, Bobby Davro is Boris Johnson....but what's on the soundtrack?
Country is on its knees Brexit is a shambles 2 years on Poverty is increasing NHS is crumbling Universal credit is a disaster Big corporations are avoiding tax Forget that...what about those little letterboxes you get at the bottom of front doors?
#BePrepared that Scotland is ready for the #tsunami of Mrs May's Brexit #72days
Then listen to what it means and why 52% of people voted for it
We're being STUNG. TM is being manipulated AGAIN. The Far Right wants HARD BREXIT. TM has been set up to take the humiliation of defeat BUT the Vote of Confidence will be won, to set the scene for their dream no-deal Brexit
Macron diverting French Mayors Meeting to Brexit, from awful situation in France..
NEE! OMG NEE
Good to see the #Maybot is open to compromise whilst not changing a thing in the 'deal'! #Brexit No 10 rules out customs union before cross-party talks begin
NOTHING HAS CHANGED! EU Referendum reminder.. By constituency: 406 Leave, 242 remain By voting area: 263 Leave, 119 remain By party: Labour 148 Leave, 84 remain. Tory 247 leave, 80 remain #Brexit has been a shambles because #Remainers were in charge. No Brexit No democracy!
Petition: Brexit re article 50 it must not be suspended/stopped under any circumstances
Ten years ago today this was the front page of the Mirror - now that was a story of people keeping their heads and staying in control - shame today's big story is so far from that! #Brexit #strongandstable #10yearchallenege
'A perfectly engineered catastrophe': artists speak out after Theresa May’s Brexit deal is crushed by parliament :
EU’s Tusk suggests the UK should cancel Brexit after historic defeat for Theresa May
Historian: Queen Should Suspend Parliament to Stop Remain MPs from Blocking Brexit
No they haven't.
SHE IS AN IDIOT WHO NEVER SHOULD HAVE BEEN PM
If Brexit is Britain leaving the EU and Northern Ireland is not in Britain but rather the UK, then I bagsy the six counties back. Sorted.
Or you could just take a negative, downbeat and apocalyptic view of Brexit, of course.
#uk #construction Balfour boss in Brexit blast at Chancellor #architectural #pierceandbiersadorf
CHECK OUT SOME TOP TUNES! SUPER NICE FOR BEING IN THE CAR WITH THE LADS HEADING TO SPOONS. #patriot #brexit #loveisland
Id much rather they got people like this on the BBC to debate Brexit rather than the London chattering class We might learn something about the genuine view of our fellow countrymen
Well the hilarious chaos (aka Brexit) reminded me of the seasonal quartet new release by Ali Smith. Wonder what a treat it would be.
Brexit is causing chaos predicted by opponents of leaving EU. Guess who else was a supporter of Brexit? Putin &amp; his puppet Trump. Now it’s been reported Trump wants America to leave NATO. You know who else wants USA to exit NATO? Putin! is another Putin puppet
Not a good analogy I'm afraid as Brexit hasn't been implemented or given a chance unlike a political party voted in after an election. The UK has been in the EU since 1973 so this 'election' to coin your phrase was very overdue. The people have spoken, accept democracy.
Party before country.
Theresa May Brexit Deal Resoundingly Rejected by U.K. Parliament.... via
Erudite, funny, altogether superb.
Translation: We're going to leave the EU with no deal
Me on Brexit and - RIBA's Project Fear sells the profession short #RIBA #architects #Brexit
Aid NGOs warn of disruption as Brexit deal collapses
Agreed. And has anyone considered: the ECJ has ruled the the UK's right to revoke A50 is unilateral and lies with HMG. If, however, an extension were requested by HMG and agreed by EU, would the unilateral right to revoke live on beyond 29 March 2019? Better revoke, while we can.
Brexit vote: Donald Tusk hints UK should stay in EU -
Understand why people voted for Brexit - yes. And then (1) explain why Brexit is emphatically not an answer to those issues; and (2) proper actions that might actually work. I suspect (2)might require you to join Labour though.
Thank god!
She has worked to undermine democracy. I watched her in the house today. She has a different side I haven't seen before. Would imagine she could be quite intimidating when she want to be but there against she's a politician.
You know, I think this clip helps me understand what the UK is trying to do with Brexit: Fight Club (4/5) Movie CLIP - Jack's Smirking Revenge (1999) HD via
John Browne on Brexit: Growing feeling Theresa May is workin via
She walked into an impossible situation when Cameron resigned. There is no good deal. There absolutely should be another Brexit vote.
Uncertainty remains: The British pound remains volatile after U.K. Parliament shot down May’s Brexit plan. #brexit #PMQ #voteofnoconfidence #peoplesvote #sterling #EU #europe #JeremyCorbyn
Let’s hope the lion will roar and free the #UK #brexit #WTO #noDealBrexit #stopEU
UK businesses blast Brexit 'rollercoaster' #burgers #cooking
He gives his brexit point of view in response to Warnock
PMQs verdict: Corbyn exposes May's empty offer of cross-party Brexit talks
just stay in .. the super super soft brexit is just a waste of time
I think they'd have to run another referendum, it doesn't look like Brexit is feasible at all.
Brexit went from a soap opera to a greek tragedy. It's unbelievable and surreal how chaotic the entire thing has become. May will probably win the no confidence vote (for the third time), and then... God knows :l
1 vote of contempt. Several defeated motions. 2 votes of lack of confidence. 1 record commons defeat. 0 brexit plan. 1 pig headed PM. CONservatives.
(The Courier):#Tory #MSP criticises Church of Scotland for weighing in on Brexit : A Perthshire MSP has criticised the Church of Scotland for intervening in Brexit when they had "nothing to say" about independence. The post Tory ..
That should read 3.999,999m more jobs because you shouldn't be PM anymore. #Brexit #BrexitVote #BrexitChaos
Yet folks still belive this shut down is about a wall! It's not! THIS is about Putins puppet causing turmoil and chaos by ruining our economy......exactly what Putin wants.
Bosses may have won the ear of Theresa May but she’s not in charge, argues #Brexit #BrexitVote
6 out of 10 Labour MP's back withdrawal from the European Union. Yet 0 voted for deal to exit. It"s just not a credible position for a whole party to vote on block. Especially when over half of them are for Leave. Quit the party politics &amp; unite for Britain #Brexit
#Brexit: What Happens Next?
UK lawmakers’ vote against Theresa May’s Brexit deal and the US govt shutdown are Putin’s fault. As long as this infantile inability to accept responsibility for domestic problems in these respective countries continues, those problems won’t be resolved.
That’s why we’re in the mess we’re in now. We’re all trying to guess what THE Brexit option was supposed to be when we voted in 2016. Leavers voted with different plans in their minds.
I don’t have a clue, yes I do I know brexit is going to be twice the damage to Scotland that independence ever was. It’s about damage control now.
Cambridge Professor points out some obvious problems re: 2nd referendum, you really should be careful what you wish for, it's not a solution in anyway.
Don't you think that one of the many millions of people who don't want brexit to happen would of you know, maybe started the ball rolling. #thickasfuck
Why wasn’t this, obviously Right Wing Pro Brexit White Male Mental Case, shot dead, dead, dead? Sorry, I left out Fascist!
"The Brexit deal that she brought back to put before Parliament was the central part of her whole program," says. "Frankly, you might have expected in normal times, that would have led to a resignation and an election. But we're not going to see either."
This shatters my faith in humanity more than Brexit
I hope when the politicians come out from debating Brexit we've all gone.
SHE IS AN IDIOT .... WHO NEVER SHOULD HAVE BEEN PM
The British government and UK politics have rarely been in a more shambolic state, but Brexit chaos may not be the disaster for sterling you might think. COLUMN-As global growth clouds darken, sterling may not be hostage to Brexit fortune
Brexit vote: European 'surprise' at scale of defeat
New post (May Faces Brexit Based Vote of No Confidence!) has been published on RETWEET and help us beat the mainstream media! -
Where to go to escape Brexit.
Labour sources apparently saying he would rather work with Theresa May to get a brexit deal than have a 3nd ref
That's NOT what was in his 2017 Manifesto. Remain voters voted for him believing he would protect jobs etc - go for a softer brexit - instead both Tories and Labour have taken that to mean that everyone wanted brexit as they voted for brexit parties - Lets have a Peoples Vote
Britain in worst crisis since World War II over #Brexit Britain’s political crisis has deepened, with the PM’s humiliating Brexit defeat heightening the prospect of no deal with the EU. The bulldog's a wimp, can't deliver what the people voted for.
Putin has messed with the UK and the USA. The two major countries for world order. He was behind Brexit and he brought Trump to power to take down NATO. Putin wants to gobble up countries. He must be smiling ear to ear. If he wins, there will be world wars again.
What is Brexit?
Bring it on some will say,17.4 million people voting UKIP,we will have our brexit.
#bbcnews #brexit Yes I can see the MP for Tiverton talking to his constituents at the Golf club, fox hunt, Russian donation parties. Certain the idiot has never gone without a meal.
Today's #Brexit update
The conference has backed Brexit at the last three conferences. That is the mandate given by the members. Get over yourself and face reality.
Give my new project a follow #WWG1WGA #QAnon #YellowVests #Brexit #MAGA
Could use another angry man telling me that we all decided to crash out of the EU with no deal even though they have zero mandate for that tbh #Brexit #NoConfidence
May will survive but the only question is whether the EU will agree to give her more time. This will only happen if 2 scenarios are offered. Either Brexit or 2nd Referendum. In reality, a NO DEAL is really not so bad as it i will force EU to negotiate more fairly.
This is rich - a second referendum run properly - honest direct democracy - is elitist. An unrepresentative Parliament (‘British democracy’) isn’t elitist.
Theresa May bulldozes her own vow to listen to MPs by refusing to meet Corbyn
WATCH | 53% of 's constituents voted to leave the European Union, but she's hard at work trying to subvert their vote. With a majority of less than a thousand, must act fast to deselect her and replace her with a proper pro-Brexit Conservative!
Brexit Britain sends out a 'Mayday'
France: Spain PM Sanchez expresses regret over May's Brexit deal defeat
As #Brexit deal goes down in flames, exasperated #Europe wonders what the #Britons want. via
I vote we Lock both Trump &amp; Mitch up! I am beginning to think the entire Republican party is on the Russian payroll! If we got rid of both parties we might have a shot at real democracy.
Video from w/ on PM's #Brexitdeal defeat. #Brexit #BrexitVote "I don't believe the PM's going to be in a position to provide an alternative plan which in any meaningful way is very different to the plan that people are going to be voting on."
This woman is brilliant.
#ThingsThatAreBadForYourHealth: - Brexit - The Tories - A lack of chocolate
Brexit: Goodbye United Kingdom, hello dis-United Kingdom — RT Op-ed
deciding to listen to the Birthday Party today might not have been the most relaxing choice but equally, "RELEASE THE BATS" is also my current stance on Brexit
I literally can’t wait for this whole disaster of Brexit to be over. But one things for sure if we have another referendum then I’m going to move to the Cayman Islands
France to 'accelerate preparations for no-deal Brexit' - The Local France
France to 'accelerate preparations for no-deal Brexit' - The Local France
We have had a referendum but people now realise what Brexit means. They feel betrayed by Boris's Bus. They don't want car factories to close. I know people who have changed their mind and want to be able to change their vote (from Leave to Remain)
Carmaker JLR urges UK lawmakers to prevent a no-deal Brexit
Agreed
Brexit #ThingsThatAreBadForYourHealth
Good perspective on the problems arising from the mobs trying to disrupt democracy.
Exactly my point. So the next question should be what type of Brexit. A. Norway option (soft Brexit) or B. WTO
This man will save brexit! He always has a god dam plan!
Please can you explain how you voted against Brexit when we the people you are suppose to represent, voted to leave. I know from you own profile that you did not support leaving, but your constituents did. so I would love you to. justify your vote yesterday
Plus we aren’t getting into brexit discussions because thats even further off topic than Bens cat
Brexit and no-confidence vote: Corbyn targets 'zombie government'. These cunts forgot they work for the people.. 17.5 voted OUT we won the vote ..
An absolute disgrace on Politics Scotland on BBC2. #BREXIT #IndyRef2 #NoConfidenceVote
Why doesn't the UK just not do Brexit
Yes, he would need a visa just like any other worker from outside the EU going to live and work in Spain. Not that big of deal really but Brexit does change the UK's place in the larger soccer world.
When is someone, anyone, going to pin down Labour for names and details of EU reps. who gave them any kind of assurance that they could be offered membership of CU/SM without losing control of borders, money, laws and allowed to set trade deals with other countries.
Until we're skint thanks to your Brexit
Call in the problem solvers. #Forwarders prepare for a ‘hard# Brexit’ - Lloyd's Loading List
Taking a bet that is very likely right in his reading the #brexit situation.
UK Prime minister Theresa May is facing a no-confidence vote tonight following the crushing defeat of her Brexit deal. Speaking to Asmita Parshotam from SA Institute of International Affairs #SAfmHomeRun
It’s brilliant, isn’t it? Really cheered me up last night amid news of Brexit, US government shutdown, etc
Your party leader is a disgrace who has enabled antisemitism, supported terrorists and failed to offer any Brexit vision of effective opposition to the worst Tory leader since Heath. I could never ever vote Labour while Corbyn leads.
As Margaret Thatcher said: "Out! Out! Out!". It took Suez for the UK to realise that their days of empire were over. Hopefully Brexit will help them gain further insight into their place in the world. I wish them well with their free trade negotiations with Equatorial Guinea.
James eats Jacob. Best radio of 2019. #Brexit
Lavrov on Brexit: Russia will cooperate with UK and EU, whatever the outcome
Would be nice if a UK politician could say this
LIVE: PM accused of ignoring Corbyn in cross-party Brexit talks offer
If they are preparing for a no deal brexit and it happens, then the SNP have failed to protect Scotland.
, for various reasons, mainly personal gain, fucked the country up, left May in charge of an impossible task, and now, they still have the audacity to do interviews. We deserve these scums, as we’re sheep.
"...Not to have a plane taking off or landing in their country". Is this a subtle threat that the French will close their airspace to UK flights if we have a no deal? #Brexit #BrexitShambles
What an opening line! ‘The world’s most densely betwatted space at the best of times, Westminster became even more wantonly apocalyptic in the days and hours leading up to the historic defeat of Theresa May’s Brexit deal.’ ‘Betwatted’. Magical.
could we perhaps try to get another GE via an ultra soft Brexit?
Democracy taking its course....
Ireland Says `Not Much' Room for More Talks: Brexit Update
'Ol Leatherface' Theresa May keeps attacking caring gentleman , plans to sideline him from cross-party #Brexit talks
Have a toke on the official #Brexit Souvenir Cigarettes #ThingsThatAreBadForYourHealth #mogg #brexitfags #wankersoftheworld #brexitdebate
Says it all
I find this very alarming because I have backed Corbyn as the best person to remove the disastrous May and her lot but if he is going to risk us losing this chance by his personal views on Brexit then, in my opinion, he is no better than May!
Brexit needs to take a nap and try again later
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
Pig Shagging Nonce
We've had eight referendums on EC/EU matters. Not Swiss standards, probably, but more than enough. At least the calamity of Brexit has cooled the rightwing urge for a Daxit referendum.
We should absolutely be listening to Macron’s words on Brexit, especially given how well he is running France.
Brexit vote: 'Are we witnessing Britain's biggest political crisis of modern times? Absolutely yes.'
Thank you Conor. As a Brit in Ireland for the last 28 years, I had such hopes of a new accord after the Queen's visit in 2011. Devastated by the Brexit vote and fallout. Appreciate your compassion, it's rare to hear even amongst us Brits.
Brexit: Where will the UK end up: fudge, no-deal exit or halting Brexit?
Hi Jessica! I am a Forbes contributor covering civic tech ( I am writing a piece about how UK's civic tech leaders react to the Brexit vote yesterday. Would love to feature your take in the article. Would you be interested?
Brexit Britain sends out a 'Mayday'
Why don't you ask her who's the latest on this throne? Don't say that you love me Just tell me that you want me Tusk! Just say that you want me Just tell me that you Tusk! Tusk! Tusk! #parade #FleetwoodMac #EuropeanUnion #Brexit #Tusk
This is actually really helpful
Christ! He’s aged. X
True, but that can be done after Brexit. We have a lot of things to work out. Crossing the t's and doting the i's on existing migrants is not top of the list. Creating more anxiety is not the solution unless your goal is to sow division, which creates more uncertainty, not less.
Breitbart: Historian: Queen Should Suspend Parliament to Stop Remain MPs from Blocking Brexit
Got to respect Barry Gardiner's honesty that Labour lack a position on Brexit. Corbyn and his cronies have no idea what they would do on the biggest issue of our times. Only interested in playing politics. #labourfail #UnfitForOffice
Brexit: Where will the UK end up: fudge, no-deal exit or halting Brexit?
Brexit: Where will the UK end up: fudge, no-deal exit or halting Brexit? #topNews
Brexit: Where will the UK end up: fudge, no-deal exit or halting Brexit?
Ok UK - time to hold a new vote. The doesn’t even think it’s worth mentioning in a one hour news program. #brexit #BrexitShambles #brexitdebate #Brexitdeal
[REUTERS] Brexit: Where will the UK end up: fudge, no-deal exit or halting Brexit? |
I wouldn't trust Corbyn to clean my shoes let alone run the country, run it into the ground maybe. My vote won't go either of the two main political parties in the next general election. I want a party that believes in Brexit.
Brexit Deal Denied
Quite enlightening that the French president seems to have a better grip of Brexit than most of our own MPs!
Neil Parish is rights, #Remain lost so now we #LEAVE #Brexit
Via : Brexit: Where will the UK end up: fudge, no-deal exit or halting Brexit?
#PMQs The Fool is running the clock down for a No Deal Brexit. She's taking us all into the abyss.
via Brexit: Where will the UK end up: fudge, no-deal exit or halting Brexit? Reuters World News
Seems you used the BBC fact checker only ...
Brexit: Where will the UK end up: fudge, no-deal exit or halting Brexit?: With just 10 weeks until the United Kingdom is due to leave the European Union, it is unclear how or even whether the divorce will… #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachKavanaugh #TheResistance
Brexit: Where will the UK end up: fudge, no-deal exit or halting Brexit?
via Search on for Brexit consensus after May's crushing defeat Reuters World News
A second referendum is an easy way out for MPs – but not for democracy | Chris Bickerton
we do not need or want another referendum on brexit. The people of the UK, have spoken.
Carmaker JLR urges UK lawmakers to prevent a no-deal Brexit
Do agree that's a mess #Brexit
More brilliant oratory! Caroline Lucas is the PM in waiting that this country needs. A politician recognising that #RemainIsTheOnlySensibleOption but knowing that a lot of work is needed to fix the issues that created the atmosphere for Brexit and bridge the divide!
You should study the Belfast Agreement - you will discover Brexit doesn't invalidate anything. There is currently a revenue border with checks done away form the border and slippage form small volume trade tolerated. Its a problem invented by EU and Federalists deliberately.
The latest The Hoodooed Journal! Thanks to #brexit #usrc
Carmaker JLR urges UK lawmakers to prevent a no-deal Brexit
I am coming to the view that Britain's Brexit screwup is even more stupid than us electing Trump. At least here the lines between pro-Trump and anti-Trump are clearly drawn. Over there, the stay and leave forces seem very confused. Also more long-term damage from Brexit.
No-deal Brexit could mean ‘carnage’ for UK hoteliers #news
because the DUP ..because 10 votes. because of that. because the DUP want a border. Because UKgov lies. Take a little time..
It's brilliant - didn't think I'd be laughing much today. Funny, and so sharp a piece.
via Brexit Britain sends out a 'Mayday'
This is good. And the accents are cute.
Carmaker JLR urges UK lawmakers to prevent a no-deal Brexit
May's #Brexit #deal needs more to gain #Parliament backing, lawmaker says | Squawk Box Europe #FED #Interest #Rate #Stocks #Markets #WTI #TAX #OPIC #DOW #Nasdaq #S&amp;P #Economy #Tariffs #China #trade #volatility #Trading #Investing…
And I suspect the result would be a colossal Tory majority.
please follow this wise advice- it is clearly the right course of action for uk- your actions are going to destroy uk.
‘I don’t regret calling the referendum because it was in my manifesto.’ But does he regret putting it in his manifesto? A typically evasive response. The archetype of the kind of politician who put the country in this mess.
How come that some brilliant British historians, who wrote excellent books, are so utterly clueless about contemporary politics and about Europe? This man wants a no-deal Brexit and thinks the PM can and should abolish parliamentary democracy to get it.
I assume you're not quite up to date with the remainers who are ready to fight tirelessly for EU membership which possibly the majority of the UK electorate now wants. The current Brexit shambles has few admirers.
Carmaker JLR urges UK lawmakers to prevent a no-deal Brexit RT
This is how democracy works. You vote for what you believe is right.
Well he should regret it. Coward called the vote then resigned when he didn't get what he wanted. Fucker
Ireland Says `Not Much' Room for More Talks: Brexit Update via
This is just like me and my dad, or it would be if the remain guy kept mumbling noncommittally and trying to change the subject
Opinion: Brexit is dead
Backstop is a feature not a bug
Ireland's prime minister pledged to defend the contentious Brexit "backstop" but said it was important to remember that the insurance mechanism was a means to an end of avoiding the return of a hard customs border on the island of Ireland.
May is not think of you or your businesses never trust a Tory to do deals for you you'll be disappointed believe. It's all about a small few. #MayOutNow
Telling it like it is
"WORLDWIDE SOLUTION FOR NON BREXIT CITIZENS AND BREXIT ALIKE " Humans are so much dependant of so many Things..... So many..
A brexit referendum will happen if she leaves imo
USD benefiting from uncertainty in Britain! A no-confidence vote expected later today is sure to shake things up, so get in the know, ASAP!! #FX #Forex #Brexit
Did you try opposing them? Not sure I noticed it in the Brexit department. I think the opposition has failed this country too. #RevokeA50
The latest Brooks Insurance Services Daily! #brexit #upyourgame
BBC News - Brexit: All you need to know about the UK leaving the EU
"Renegotiate Irish backstop (repeat ad infinitum)" #Brexit
One of those steps HAS TO BE #IndyRef2
So where do you stand on what next for Brexit? New referendum on the options? No deal? Or some sort of new deal, though this seems unlikely as the EU have already said they have finished negotiations.
... and cohesion within Labour to gain.
Parliament is deadlocked. Brexit is in chaos. The people must now be given the chance to fix this mess. That's what's . Sign the petition at #LetUsDecide
May talks crap about everything hoping somebody will believe her. She’s lost the chance after all crap she spoken in WM over Brexit&amp; to people she may see on odd visit outside WM. She’s much the same as IstMinSNPgov. who talks same amnt crap to people of Scotland.
Looks like JC takes Brexit about as seriously as you.
It's been ratified by the Swiss parliament. Whatever you think about Brexit, this ones for real. To deny it is just to show your partisanship.
Hi Jeremy, please can you align with the 70% of your party and drive another referendum on the final decision. Parliament is so incredibly misaligned on where to go, I think it would be best if the voters decide now we know we are looking at "hard Brexit" = leave
All in good humour, he branded #Brexit a "clusterf***" on the night of Theresa May's failed vote. He also wrote "James May is a c***" in shorthand.
I didn’t understand a word of what he had to say over his cry for some attention.
brexit
but brexit means brexit.....
We should call the Brexit chief minister
#NoConfidence in Theresa May's Government …. she omits Jeremy Corbyn from cross-party #Brexit talks
Currencies: Pound wobbles after May's Brexit defeat, ahead of possible confidence vote
One day seminar 'Humanising the Narratives of Migration Post-Brexit' Saturday 16 February, 10 – 4.30pm
In light of Brexit, Panalpina finds some answers for its customers in #Querétaro Details: #Logistics #SupplyChains #Trade #FelizMiércoles
70 Labour MPs demand a second vote, showing how utterly divided the Labour party are on Brexit policy. 3/4 of members also back a 2nd vote, but most Labour MPs back a permanent customs union. Corbyn is truly stuck between a rock and a hard place.
OMG LMAOOO
If there's one thing they absolutely don't want - it's for the chaos of Brexit to spill into the new plenary session. They're desperate to avoid that - especially at this juncture where it seems impossible that extending A50 will actually solve a single thing.
“Seven Brexit endgame scenarios – a guide to the parliamentary process of withdrawal from the European Union” from and #brexitdebate
Good to see faces and hear voices of some of #The3Million in London. All over the UK, we are people who have made their life in this country, not statistics. Ringfence our rights now.
History will judge him and it won’t be pretty
HIGH TREASON &amp; DISREGARD FOR THE WILL OF THE ENGLISH PEOPLE: EU’s Tusk suggests the UK should cancel Brexit after historic defeat for Theresa May
"Prime Minister Theresa May's Brexit deal has been rejected by 230 votes" Theresa:
via Brexit SHOCK: Ireland chief caught on tape saying there WILL be border checks in no deal #UK_News
The 's report on high turnover in the echoes our Chief Exec 's warning in that "in a post #Brexit world, we will really need people who have worked in departments for... 20 years". Read more:
MP delays C-section for Brexit vote - BBC News
Immigrants aren’t stealing your jobs, or your doctors appointments, or your children’s school places or your bed in A&amp;E... #brexitdebate #NoConfidenceVote #GTTO #JeremyCorbyn #TheresaMay #brexit
Seems as if they know the remoaners will do everything possible to stop Brexit!
Monkey Island go Brexit who cares! give Themen a BANANA #Brexit
Set up Brexit as a distraction and meanwhile cause chaos within the public sector and sell off all the assets on the cheap to billionaire tax dodgers.
DEMOCRACY BETRAYED: Did YOUR MP ignore your #Brexit vote? Find out here. IF THERE WERE A GENERAL ELECTION PEOPLE NEED TO PUT PARTY LOYALTY ASIDE AND VOTE OUT REMAINER MP'S THAT IGNORE THE WILL OF THE 52% LEAVERS
Definitely No Deal Brexit, (under WTO terms) Besides we're leaving March 29th, there isn't time for 2nd Referendum/GE to please Remoaning Remainers!!!
That's happening before brexit, diesel particles and China going into recession made sure of that
Jersey to run no-deal Brexit scenarios after futile UK vote: Gibraltar, Jersey, Guernsey and IoM outline strategies after EU withdrawal agreement goes down in flames #Europe #Industry #Regions #TaxRegulation
for PM.
Amen.
If a no deal #Brexit happens, I absolutely guarantee Pitchfork will run an article asking if Kid A predicted it.
Read your history. On 28 My 1940 Belgium surrendered to the nazis with hardly a fight and it was the British who stood up to them, eventually prevailing and restoring your country’s sovereignty. How many British soldiers, sailors and airmen died doing this for you, do you think?
Labour sources apparently saying he would rather work with Theresa May for a brexit deal than have a 2nd ref
As #TheresaMay's government faces a vote of no confidence after MPs rejected the deal. What's in store for #humanrights after Brexit? #IOHRAmbassadors conducted a survey to find out. #BrexitVsYourRights
Carmaker JLR urges UK lawmakers to prevent a no-deal Brexit
The latest The banks-credit-unions Daily! Thanks to #brexit #unicredit
Billboard campaign reminds voters of MPs' Brexit promises
It’s truly a shame we can’t all just go to the Winchester, have a nice cold pint &amp; wait for this whole Brexit mess to just blow over.
Emmanuel Macron has said that referendums should not be used to make "difficult decisions". Read More:
I’m so confused about Brexit. Can the UK get therapy? Or maybe just #TeresaMay
Richard Burgon can be such a tit.
I'm listening to you on LBC now. You're responsible for this mess. It's all the fault of you and the others who peddled the lies and continue to do so. "The problem is very simple" - the most ridiculous thing you've said. I sincerely hope Brexit is now blocked. #PeoplesVote
I hope when the politicians emerge from debating Brexit we've all gone.
How dare you here i am building submarines tk defend this country and you challange my intellect ok so i don't understand the ins and outs but i know there was a vote. It was voted OUT by the public(that's u and me and them) yet we are still in this situation i want brexit done
Long way to go to bring Britain back together after Brexit vote: PM...
A Withdrawal Deal is achievable in principle and executable in practice before Brexit via
BBC News - Brexit vote: Donald Tusk hints UK should stay in EU
A deal and a transition is vital for the UK economy, says . The RHA's response to #Brexit vote -
Incredible! I for one want a full range of opinions from 90s rappers on Brexit.
Country's fucked. Need a magical 3rd party to win next election that doesn't pander to media and keeps its electorally elected promises.. :/ A man can dream..
If you were so concerned about "our" union you'd vote against any Brexit. Any Brexit increases the chance of Scotland leaving but you maybe don't mind that as it's the DUP that prop you up not the SNP
Longer A and E Waiting times, brexit mess, more homelessness more foodbank use falling living standards, more potholes, fewer bus services, failed immigration policy, only 49 per cent tory mps voted for equal marriage. 8 years of failure.
The UK has three months to negotiate brexit and they just rejected the only current plan. This is the most high stakes version of procrastinating a final I’ve ever seen. I feel like this is going to deter other countries from leaving
Thanks Caroline
In 1992 Swiss voters narrowly rejected membership in the EEA! I remember those who imagined the worst for Switzerland after the vote. #Brexit
Macron has the answer.
EMAIL FROM THE FREEDOM ASSOCIATION Special Brexit Briefing: A better deal and a better future Dear I attended a meeting in London this morning where 'A Better Deal' was presented by David...
Our politicians feeble, but arguments used against them are often worse. *This* is a killer point worth paying to advertise, apparently. Oh dear.
I'm not so sure. If it's cancelled, then the extreme Leave voters will be angry - but they'll always be angry as nothing will be the Brexit they think exists. The rest of the Leave voters will be angry too, but that'll dissipate in time as Parliament gets on with governing.
#Brexit and no-confidence vote: Corbyn targets 'zombie government' -
Britain's opposition leader has called for a vote of no confidence after crushing loss in parliament leaves PM in a race against time. #Brexit #TeresaMay #Brexitvote #UK #EU
Absolutely brilliant! Watch how other countries see how pathetic they think you are!
If you’re a Zoologist in the U.K. then #Brexit is going to be a disaster for you. If you live in the South East of England then #Brexit will negatively affect you. There’s only one way out of this misery! #PeoplesVote #FinalSay #BrexitBallot
Brexit means Brexit, fam
Listening to on - PM has a difficult job to build a Parly consensus and keep her party together
LIVE: Prime Minister’s Questions follow Brexit deal rejection
oo it was brilliant..it showed brexit for what it is..eliza can you mobolise the starlets to sprinkle some happiness around please..
Extending and revoking are two completely different things that require very different parliamentary processes. Best thing now is a clean #Brexit and let’s just get on with it. The UK isn’t thick pixiehead Ireland where referendum results get conveniently swept aside. #Brexit
creating the best lead #generating #sign up #form #landing pages.get your #landing page done by me.i am Always ready to work with new challenges.. see my offers:
Mitch better try and find his pair. You are punishing people for no reason Still expecting them to work when you wouldn't.
That should read 3.399,999m more jobs as you shouldn't have one anymore! #Brexit #BrexitVote #BrexitChaos
A soft Brexit is basically thumbing it in.
Oh dear, you really haven't got a clue. Corbyn is seen as the biggest failure and liar in British Political history. People realise he is just biding his time to make it too late for anything other than a no deal Brexit, which is what he wants.
There are 650 MPs in parliament. It seems the overwhelming majority do not want a #LosersVote With only 71 MPs calling for this it is dead. A nice clean break managed WTO exit from the EU is what the 17.4 million majority want. Get on with it!! #brexit
#DUMPCORBYN or the 'Jezza's Witnesses' might get their Stupid Brexit after all !
It's best to be prepared... Make sure you're registered to vote #Brexit
I would agree it's pathetic if they were actually allowed a voice and a say. I'm done with this now tbh, us debating will do no more good than the government over brexit because opinions are different as well as perspectives
has anyone ever said 'brexit means brexit' unironically?
Billboard campaign reminds voters of MPs' Brexit promises
CNN: Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK. via
Theresa May's Brexit deal has suffered the largest Commons defeat in history losing by 202 votes to 432.
Brexit: Goodbye United Kingdom, hello dis-United Kingdom — RT Op-ed
Can we just get passed Brexit first without any distractions? This in-fighting is not helping the country’s cause. Whoever is in power will not get a better deal, not that I personally want any deal anyway Close the door, no messing!
Good to hear MP Neil Parish accepts that Brexit will cause problems for the country and that if we had a vote now Remain would win. Not sure how he goes from those points to “Let’s get on with it” though, but that’s Brexit for you.
May DID reach out to Corbyn over Brexit two years ago. What did Corbyn do? Made a joke of it, sent her a copy of his manifesto and told her to p*** off. Not before he plastered pictures of himself signing the manifesto first all over social media.
SOMEBODY PLEASE TELL ME NOSTRADAMUS COULDN'T SEE THIS BREXIT FIASCO?
The margin for #Brexit was very small. (Old) People were manipulated with lies. Just as the hostile regime change in the US, Russia also executed a very succesfull influence operation in the UK. Disrupting EU &amp; NATO is goal of Putin. Why does May insist to help him? #PeoplesVote
No Deal here we come.
Carmaker JLR urges UK lawmakers to prevent a no-deal Brexit
ROFL, he killed how many? Took this country to its knee's... Just like #Corbyn will again....#Brexit
Brexit has been called the most significant event since WW2. A coalition government was formed which worked together to get the job done. May might have done better to recall that and work more cooperatively to 'save' the UK again.
French cunt should worry about his own country..... that he’s destroyed Macron pours scorn on Britain over its Brexit crisis via
It’s a completely accurate statement. There are 65 million UK citizens. Only 17 million of them voted for Brexit. Even in terms of the electorate, out of 46 million people asked, only 17 million voted for Brexit.
Something more MPs should be doing - calling out lies and misrepresentations.
Hey Matt - I wrote this tongue-in-cheek poem on Brexit. Feel free to RT it if you like it x
And this whole Brexit omnishambles proves it. Scotland overwhelmingly voted to remain as part of the EU yet (unless we can get the People's Vote) the voice of the majority of Scotland is just ignored &amp; has been in the UK HoC for the last 2 years.
Yeah that’s true, a second vote will happen whether brexit will happen
There will not be Ext Art 50 to allow a GE if there is not a good chance of a turn around on Brexit and both parties allowing their Leaders to continue to threaten disaster Brexit is there any chance of Extension. MPs Revoke Art 50
These torys really are something else + not on same planet as rest of us. Brownosing idiots with no plans or points, blame others + dont understand why whole country sick of them every time. They dont honour the UK at all. #noconf #brexit cant + WONT deliver #Brexit
Theresa May's Historic Defeat On Brexit Has Blown Up Downing Street's Plan For What To Do Next - BuzzFeed UK
Breaking Down Brexit: Views From Across Europe via
Come on ffs! Open your eyes and stop brexit otherwise labour is fuked
This might become hi-tech in the UK in a couple of years if the Brexiteers get their way. #Brexit
Brexit Britain sends out a 'Mayday'
Where will the UK end up: fudge, no-deal exit or halting Brexit?
They're to believe these ding-a-lings again, was this not the same scare tactic they used on the BREXIT vote?
Your comment regarding Brexit &amp; Leave folk not knowing what they want is denigrating to majority in area who voted to Leave. They were MAJORITY-we work on DEMOCRACY-would suggest you consider Remain folk are ones who are disgracefully undemocratic.
Seems like the u.k. should have thought about this before they voted to Brexit
Cancel Brexit says unelected EU President. Let's just ignore the vote of the people!
Labour's policy has been for a soft Brexit for two years. Calling that "fence sitting" is dishonest.
I hope pm &amp; gov listen to your advice - clearly the way forward for uk
I see you've managed to randomly slag off Corbyn again- what a shock. Oh, and you have, once more, blamed him for Brexit- something he has absolutely no say in
Not sure if this wI'll transmit ok. This is the most sense I've heard about brexit!
#Brexit vote: What just happened and what comes next? -
So George espouses self determination for the proud nation of Ireland but not so for the proud nation of his birth. Quite sad,really.
Yet 27% of the population have managed to implement brexit
There will be no Brexit...
Now that’s good news.
This is interesting ...
'We're about to be thrown under a Boris bus': businesses on a no-deal Brexit
Either they are even more reckless or smarter than we thought... #brexit
PMQs verdict: Corbyn exposes May's empty offer of cross-party Brexit talks
Can someone post a livestream of 'the table' so we can see what's on it and what's off it in real time? #brexit
Vintage
Definitely..Annie Delaney
A-ha! The Member of Parliament for Upskirting has perked up to talk about "wholly unacceptable" behaviour by The EU #Brexit via
My answer to What will end brexit?
You can't be serious. Words fail me.
This argument relies on ignoring: - new facts emerged since first ref. including what Brexit even is - proven illegalities - tactical voting in GE17 - People can vote Leave again A 2nd ref is an easy way out for MP–but not for democracy | Chris Bickerton
Brexit has little impact on me. At this point in time, I don't have a say 1 way or the other. I didn't vote originally either. But from the outside looking in, as a Brit in another country, it appears that there have been a number of lies told through the process by both sides
John Browne on Brexit: Growing feeling Theresa May is workin
This is how we eliminate cabal Rothschild daughter, Theresa May. She'll be thrown to the deplorable piranhas for not being allowed to deliver basic vanilla democracy the people always thought was the official system of government. They voted - now UK citizens are here to collect.
That would be good. But backing a People's Vote would lose Labour the next Election. After 8 years on the front line of austerity, I'd rather Corbyn Brexit than Tory Remain. Might not be a popular opinion, but it's mine.
I'm sure their voters won't turn on them for propping up the tories. LDs did so well after they helped bring the Brexit vote
We are so blessed at to have here to explain the Brexit latest (esp. to Americans like me!)
BBC News - Brexit and no-confidence vote: Corbyn targets 'zombie government'
I console myself by remembering they announced the result of the,vote in my local or last night and nobody was remotely interested. The only people who will campaigning hard will be the Leavers who will have a real and legitimate grieve T being denied Brexit plus democrats
Democracy will die if brexit isn't implemented
HAPPENING TODAY: British PM Theresa May faces another no-confidence motion following yesterday's massive defeat of her BREXIT deal in Parliament; voting begins at 7PM GMT (3PM ECT; 2PM JA)
PODCAST: Theresa May's government faces a vote of no confidence tonight but what should happen now with the Brexit process? Brian Feeney and Rick Wilford discuss
Emmanuel Macron has said that referendums should not be used to make "difficult decisions". Read More:
There cannot be cross party collaboration because the two main parties are completely opposed with regard to what is important for the health and well-being of the citizens of this country &amp; we have an intransigent PM.
straightly everytime i cannot save u coz now Brexit i.e flies n mosquito means for me is coffee Barista training .everytime u betray me when i need so your game over .be wise n make decesion.
Man like Chuka dropping truth bombs
“Disastrous Consequences for London” you say. Have a look in the mirror mate, then you’ll see what a Disastrous Consequence for London really looks like! Mirrors Don’t Lie! #BrexitVote
So, is this about climate change or brexit?
Whilst politicians are at a seemingly endless impasse #middlemarket business leaders have to determine their own actions now. More from soon #determiningYourDirection
Firms step up no-deal preparations after Brexit vote via
Absolutely. He should concentrate on stopping his forces beating up defenceless citizens. Not that we would know that from our television channels!
Amb. Stuart Eizenstadt says on call that the UK should not bank on a "rapid" free trade deal with the US in the event of no deal #Brexit. In no way would it replace the EU
German carmakers warn hard Brexit would be 'fatal' - Reuters
It's shocking. You should all want a clean Brexit to be truly free. I would think your country would love it! Living like other countries under the WTO rules would be would truly be able to forge a future for Britain any way your see fit.
The #WithdrawalAgreement is as much a failure of #MichelBarnier as it is #TheresaMay. If the eu are serious about a deal he must go. #Brexit
Yeah it's a shit deal but lib dems represent a clear option; remain. Labour.... Have been deliberately vague on where they stand on brexit although I get the impression Corbyn mcdonnell et al would favour a hard brexit
What would you do then smarty-pants to gain a 2nd vote, if u were leader of the opposition? And if u got it &amp; we voted to remain, you'd be content with continued austerity &amp; this shit show of a Gov? However there's the risk we vote leave again &amp; then hard Brexit with the Tories
Petition: Brexit re article 50 it must not be suspended/stopped under any circumstances
It is beyond Laura that child poverty is a cause of Brexit.
Where is your proof that brexit is less damaging than independence I would very much like to see it. Current estimates say that the economy will take a 8% hit. May not seem much but it’s enough to take the uk into a recession.
That's been floated since the referendum vote's counted in. Scotland floated the idea of another independence referendum (the last one was 2014, fyi) because of the disconnect of Westminster and Edinburgh, especially in Brexit. They want in on the EU Economic Zone.
#Corbyn calls for election #Brexit
Honour our decision hounour our democracy and get on with the NO DEAL BREXIT for gods sake
&amp; it doesn’t matter what has or has not said about Brexit. It’s a failure on your part, and a disservice to the UK, not to invite him to cross party talks!
In your opinion. It has been calculated that whilst original post brexit deals may be difficult at times, the billions we would have already saved would cushion any negative impact. Both US &amp; Australia are keen to trade with us, so where would be the desperation.
the best thing about #JeremyCorbyn is that he always gives #TheresaMay something to laugh about #Brexit
I was in no way trying to say he’s infallible or condoning his internal policies. Just thought he was a nice momentary break from the doom and gloom of Brexit
Hosting and - giving Salop Designs view on Brexit and the future of UK manufacturing. #SDE #SupportUKMfg
The SNP’s Pete Wishart asks what will Labour’s Brexit policy be if there is an election: will it be for Brexit or against? Corbyn says Labour is a democratic party. The party will decide. so #peoplesvote ?
With uncertain times on the near horizon, big data is helping business leaders prepare... #Brexit #BigData #Leadership #Entrepreneur via
And of course the Leave campaign could have easily explained to voters what Brexit would really mean if it so chose. Either it failed to do that (how stupid) or if it did do it adequately, Leave voters chose to ignore it.
Blow hard English Tory MP's saying we must have Brexit because the people that elected them said so yet they attack and malign SNP MP's for being against it because the people that elected them are against it. The Tories cannot have it both ways!
Brexit Question: what is holding the Tories and Labour parties together? Yes they are broad tent parties but there seems to be such fundamental disagreements over Europe that solutions are impossible to find. Wouldn't UK be better served by the big parties breaking up?
BREXIT COMMITTEE SUGGESTS SERIES OF INDICATIVE VOTES
Four general secretaries call for a General Election in wake of May&amp;#8217;s Brexit defeat via
The Brexiter says about a no deal Brexit: "we can rise from the Ashes". Now that definitely wasn't on the ballot paper in 2016: just imagine if this was the question: 'Do you want to Remain in the EU, or, Leave just so that we can rise from the Ashes of our economy afterwards?'
Errrr. Focus on Brexit please. And prodding Jeremy to follow his parties policy! We need a 2nd ref!
Only because you ran away with your tail between your legs and didn't have to deal with the consequences
#Business | Carmaker JLR urges UK lawmakers to prevent a no-deal Brexit #RTGFinance
53% voted to leave
He’s just stopped Mays Brexit!
Ten years ago today this was the front page of the Mirror - now that was a story of people keeping their heads and staying in control - shame today's big story is so far from that! #Brexit #strongandstable #10yearchallenge
If politicians want to cancel Brexit, they should just go ahead and pass a vote on it. Going round the houses with a second referendum only undermines and weakens the British constitution. It's time to display honesty and integrity in politics.
It is the year 2137. Brexit has still not happened. Theresa May is still prime minister
British MPs reject Theresa May’s Brexit deal
Giving People A Final Say Is The Only Democratic Way Out Of This Appalling Brexit Mess /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Good for him. Somebody in the British Establishment with a bit of integrity.
I don’t have to struggle, since the MAYORITY won the Brexit referendum it is you who has to struggle with the losers vote that Tony Bliar masterminded for the losers. Greece &amp; France R wonderful examples of what the e.u. can do to their countries’ economies
. is making a good point right now. The people who caused this problem, who made the promises that are impossible to deliver, have now (largely) left the political stage. #NoConfidenceMotion #Brexit #ZombieApocalypse #thegreatestdancer
I was actually also thinking just this morning how bad IRL old school vox pops can be given how many market traders and shopkeepers are being interviewed about Brexit.
. just said 'frontstop' on . God help us #Brexit
Should have stayed on his holidays
God, this is tired. Anyone frustrated at Labour’s gnomic ‘strategic ambiguity’, prevarication &amp; total abdication of leadership on Brexit; is a Tory.
2.Not sure any new labour leader could push that agenda to the fore when all people are talking about is BREXIT.Also huge numbers of labour voters voted to leave. Labour MPs and leadership must be aware there's much thin ice over this
The Brexit Party?
Hey. I still have my pet rock! Sadly, this era will be remembered for much worse than this shutdown. NATO BREXIT SYRIA RUSSIA AND RUSSIAN/AMERICAN ASSETS IN GOVERNMENT SENSELESS SHUTDOWN.........................BOOM! Nothing too earth shattering.
If a majority voted for no deal, given that other options were on the ballot (CU &amp; SM membership for example) I would be ok accepting that. It would suck and I would be very concerned about that choice but at least it would confirm a majority for a specific form of Brexit.
Britain’s a Small Country. Get Used to It - via
Tough choice, May who can't get the Brexit deal through, or magic granddad who wants to cause chaos on the railways and wreck everybody's work place pension!
May should resign, we need an election, and we need a #PeoplesVote which must not be led by Blair &amp; Co. Only radical transformation can get us out of this mess. Me on y'day's #brexitdebate
If Theresa May wins no confidence vote, she says she will find a way out of the Brexit impasse
So much Brexit rhetoric is like this, from Chope, Rees-Mogg, Johnson B, Redwood et al. They spout the "we will be alright", when clearly "we" means "them" (only).
so what would a labour voter be voting for in the realms of brexit ? In out. . hokeycokey. .
My choices were: a party with an almost totally excellent manifesto apart from brexit; a party with a poor manifesto, brexit included; or a wasted vote. Please do not tell me that I therefore support brexit.
My Good God it is so hard to point to "the storyline of the day" !!! News Breaks every ten minutes Keep one eye on Brexit
I still don’t understand what happened with Brexit yesterday even though I’ve not paid attention to TWO npr podcasts about it??? Hm
Look for Brexit clarity by early February
It’s hard to believe that she thought she was delivering Brexit. Was it pure arrogance or did she think the public were stupid? It highlights how out of touch this government is. She has lost all respect and credibility in GB and only serves as an embarrassment internationally.
Macron explains the three options of #Brexit.
800 miles in Europe? They're in turmoil over the EU and racist Brexit. I wouldn't hold them up as good examples. And we have more border than that in our country. Ours is almost 2000 miles.
Muddied waters. Lots of issues ina GE. Remainders won’t be taken in again. Sick of hearing “80% voted fir Brexit supporting parties” diluting the strength of feeling.
Check out this conversation from #sussexdownsradiolink #brexit #Brexiteer
Brilliant question, Steve and brilliants answers everyone! We could do with creating a common Liston mute words. , My starter suggestions would be: Brexit, MP, Minister, PM, Extreme Right, Extreme Left, Trump, Piers, Kardashian - what are everyone’s other suggestions?
I understand some of brexit,what it may mean for us. it's making me feel unsettled and nervous ? does anyone else feel the same ? I watch the news and seems so much confusion or the world is going to end and after brexit we will be without medicines and be doomed 4ever x
brexit who
The UK has always been at the forefront of #pharmaceutical and #biotechnical investment and development. For this position to be maintained, companies based in the UK want certainty on the outcome of #Brexit
World stocks rise but Britain slips on Brexit limbo via
Doddery old Vince is deluded. Country isn't divided bcs of phoney leave comments during referendum. It's divided bcs ppl like him have gone all out to stop #Brexit from the get go. He's a utter liar and a disgrace! #motionofnoconfidence
What with all those benefits from #Brexit when they become brain surgeons etc, as it only Johnny Foreigner that stopped them?
Macron is on point here.
She needs to go, she is blocking anything but her own ideology, bit like Jezza really. Start again with two different leaders anyone?
UK businesses blast Brexit 'rollercoaster'
Clear evidence that the current MAYDUP administration is not about democracy....While JC leads the Labour party he has every right to be there...
Of course he doesn’t. ’s ego and arrogance have destroyed the UK. Literally the worst PM ever. #brexit #BrexitShambles #brexitvote #remain #PeoplesVote
A severe case of Gammonitis, unfortunately for him the only consultant in the NHS who specialised in treating Gammonitis was Polish and felt so unwelcome in post-Brexit Britain he's returned to Poland, therefore his prognosis is poor, if fighting doesn't kill him Gammonitis will.
Politicians love inexactitude
Uh, it certainly was. The pro-Brexit politicians telling us it would be the easiest deal in history and would make us all richer doesn’t sound like stockpiling spam in preparation for the return of rationing. Does it sound like that to you?
Our head of policy and campaigns Claire Godfrey is quoted in this article on last night's Brexit vote and what it means for NGOs
'Gove and others like him brought winter to British politics and are now horrified at how cold things have got.'
I can't imagine as PM he does a lot of ranting but is right it would bring chaos and division. #Brexit has shown that politicians are woefully out of touch with the electorate. Remember we voted to leave the #EU
Day1112 1/16/19First Radio HeadlineS Heard of the Day Drawing Project #Brexit #TheresaMay #Census2020 #WilburRoss #citizenshipquestion #shutdown #governmentemployees #GovernmentShutdown #GovernmentShutdownCost #Nairobi #NairobiAttack #AlShabaab #Kenya #NYS #TappanZee
BBC.....how are those ratings? Time compulsory license fee is abolished?
You give platforms to so many people of no political significance. Why is that?
Cloudy, with outbreaks of Brexit - Holland Park Press
Fucking nazi
FOX BIZ NEWS: The Brexit Vote: How much should we care?
Disgusting
Brexit: Where will the UK end up: fudge, no-deal exit or halting Brexit?
#brexit #brexitvote #parliament we need to put something in place to ensure no future significant vote can have a campaign packed with lies. How can we be in a situation so dreadful driven literally by a campaign that went out of its way to manipulate &amp; lie?
And also, none of the politicians who were loudmouths about how good brexit would be now dare to back out because of politics &amp; ego. They'd rather crash the country into the gates of hell than they'd be arsed to admit they were wrong or lying in the slightest bit.
Smart guy. He seems to have cracked the impossible challenge.
Ok interesting. How about a SECOND vote for brexit
Always great to be on with . Uncertainty continues as we head into another big day today for #Brexit as faces a confidence vote. Tune in to at 1 pm. I’ll be discussing the latest developments with .
All this brexit talk is giving me a migraine
Merci . A clear summary of the five options following the Westminister vote yesterday!
I'm beginning to conclude that #Brexit is going to hurt #Labour as much as it is hurting the Tories. Your man #Corbyn is just not up to it.
Parliament’s reaction to Theresa May and Brexit vote?
Westminster is a lost cause time to leave, they'll find out soon enough after Brexit that Churchill quotes, pictures of Spitfires and talking about the war won't actually employ people or pay anyones bills
Larry for prime minister yeah
Two things can be serious at the same time, if you derail every issue to 'stop brexit' it makes you look like a heartless bastard, hth
Globalist Rothschild EU puppet says referendum shouldn't be used to make difficult decisions. Clear that these people don't believe in democracy. Alright God Almighty Macron
‘Clean’? Obviously you need to read &amp; consult a bit more about the impact of a ‘clean’ Brexit.
Lol Whattttttttttt?
"I hadn't quite understood the full extent of this but ... we are particularly reliant on the Dover-Calais crossing" - Raab. &lt; Kent residents will be sure to remember this one when/if Operation Stack sets in...
Disappointed by Ken Clarke. He is ignoring the fact his constituents do not want Brexit like most MPs are. #StopBrexitSaveBritain and democracy.
Lol Wow amzing!
Hate Brexit Britain? 7 of the best places for political progressives to emigrate to.
Lol This is so cool.
I am with you , I am in Delhi for now
There was never a hard border in Ireland really???
Fair play? There has been 2.5 years from the media of constantly saying Brexit is a disaster. We have a 2/3rd or more parliament that wants to remain. How will things ever be fair? It’s always going to be biased towards remain
Utter disgrace from saying civil servants from Dep of education to be moved to deal with no-deal planning. This is the farce of #Brexit, so much political capital&amp; time wasted when REAL issues being neglected. #GeneralElectionNow #NoConfidenceVote #BrexitShambles
BREXIT: Billboard campaign reminds voters of MPs' Brexit promises /#EU #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Wait a minute! You can't make this shit up? Adopt EU standards??? #Brexshit #Brexit #RevokeA50 BBC News - Calls to ban low-level letterboxes and adopt EU standard
Phillip Schofield in shock as woman stockpiles MONTHS of food in fear of Brexit #TV #MOVIES #MEDIA
She is fascist and should be removed.
Macron is such a twat. But then so are most politicians.
We support you very very successful
Brilliant description of #Cons' destruction of #BritishRail Where did #Beeching work? Lots of experience with CORP enterprises Zero with railways Alleged to have invested in car industry
Mitch you don't know elieve Trump is right. You are Compromised!! Allow the vote
World stocks hold nerve after May's Brexit defeat, pound steady -
Why does he just stick to Brexit and yesterdays result. He just goes off message in what is a massive invitation to really get to the heart of things. Useless.
The only confidence vote I'm placing… #Brexit by #Drillminister
And we all feared it was Gordon Brown who was going to cock things up
Hi anonymous person, not my arguments, they are David Runcelmans. If you have a problem with it take it up with him! Personally, on a micro scale, of course! But on the big macro things (climate change, brexit) we are failing young people badly.
The economic impact of Brexit is dependent on the form Brexit takes. Labours aspirations would negate many of the negatives associated with a no deal. This coupled with a progressive labour government would be far better than us staying in the EU under Tories.
The left and Europe, Brexit, independence via
Also ...
I’m getting slightly annoyed with reading in the media we could have a second referendum. We voted #Brexit so let’s just get on with it
Brexit: Where will the UK end up: fudge, no-deal exit or halting Brexit?
Too busy working out ways to get more taxes...
You hacked a dead girl's phone, prick!
‘This obscure law could save us from May's Brexit deadlock’
We've been asking for a 2nd referendum BUT Mrs May wants to be seen as a 2nd iron lady (Margaret Thatcher) by refusing to listen to common sense and reason. Her 2 defeats last somehow humbled her. Let's hope that she'll ask for a 2nd referendum or cancel the Brexit nonsense.
About 2 million people who weren’t 18 at the time of the #Brexit vote are now eligible to vote; while around 1.5 million will have died. The electorate has changed. The reality of leaving has been proven much different than what #Leave campaign claimed. Time for #PeoplesVote
he certainly nails it on deceitful #Brexit
would you like to shit yourself massively right now, or would you prefer the possibility of choosing not to
I just went into the toilet ahead of the big boss here and have been quietly chanting “cancel Brexit” as I go about my business.
Absolutely nothing to do with houses being 20%-30% overpriced then? Brexit uncertainty hits house purchases
How long did your country go without a government?
To be honest I'd consider voting for him. After voting Tory all my life. I'm so disappointed in your government . Your Brexit negotiations have been shambolic. Deliver the result of the referendum.
Wow. The arrogance of the man.
Billboard campaign reminds voters of MPs' Brexit promises
Wew, this sums up everything about Brexit
Say it isn't so! The out-of-touch political elite trying to ignore the will of the people? This is why politics was always meant to be part-time or short-term service to the country--not a life-long career. US is just as bad, if not worse, though #brexit
Brexit was always Putin’s idea
Surely nobody would disagree with that. If the second question was a)The government's deal or b) Leave without a deal, that would be upholding democracy.
Brexit vote fails by historic margin with future unclear via
Looking for High quality background removel designer for your E-commerce site product or other use? #PhotoshopEditing #RemoveBackground #Imagecutout #Backgroundremove #amazonproduct #amazon #Ebay #clippingpath #MUFC #WednesdayWisdom
I liked a video Reaction To The Brexit Deal
There will NOT be a NO #Brexit Sit down you waffling old fool... You’re getting on my tits!
fair to say that one of our most unexpectedly successful exports in Brexit Britain is sarcastic tweets for Americans who want to understand wtf is going on
Theresa May expected to survive no confidence vote but Brexit fight goes on - Metro
Sad and rather scary #Brexit
No we don’t - you too are a party of Brexit -plus with old steptoe in charge you are unelectable! It’s a waste of precious time you should be ashamed
No. The reason #Brexit happened was largely based on exactly this abusive, narcissistic, domineering boyfriend routine where the #EU is incapable of even admitting any fault, let alone making a meaningful compromise.
Twat
By screaming "Stop Brexit" at poor children and Palestinians.
I will say this again so you might just get it. Corbyn doesnt need to do anything. The tories own brexit.
"I wanted to leave because I thought it was a really good opportunity . . . to make England great for Britain’s sake.” There is so much going on in this quote from 's great piece from her visit to Hull
Says the man who has stumbled about moaning for the last two years, waiting to feast on a rotting cadaver. #CUNT BBC News - Brexit and no-confidence vote: Corbyn targets 'zombie government'
Prove it Juncker.
"If a government cannot get its legislation through Parliament, it must go to the country for a new mandate," Corbyn said.
Brexit vote: Why the stunning defeat of Theresa May's Brexit deal matters to the U.S.
New Zealand Deputy Prime Minister and Foreign Minister Winston Peters
Should be mays deal or no deal options only, as brexit already been voted for.
Always thought Ian Blackford was crackers with his absolute refusal to accept that the referendum has already taken place, but at last someone calling out that bloody idiot Corbyn and his "jobs-first Brexit" nonsense. #brexitdebate
Steve Hilton: Original intent of Brexit - restoring freedom and sovereignty - buried by inept bureaucrats
Brexit uncertainty hits house purchases
"Brave" little Belgium has much to be humble about.
Paw patrol: brexit means brexit
Parliament &amp; British public, 'we have a problem'. 'British public voted 52% to 48% in favour of Brexit, about 73% of all MPs favour Remain.' #Brexit
Please send to your friends and all on social media...we have a crisis right now in the UK
On the twists &amp; turns of Brexit and possibilities for the future.
let them vote again and again until we like the result? NO! bye bye Britain!
Hi, Are you looking for #frontend #Developer like: #psd to #html #create #psd, #sketch, #xd, #ai to html #website #responsive #bootstrap4 #landingpage Hire Here #GoesBetterWithCoffee #wednesdaythoughts #Manbij #Min #Holly #Karen #Pence Thanks
Yes an official stated "You cannot arrest or repress people who just don't exist in the republic" That is prob the most disturbing thing I have heard from a gov. official. #wtf And on the Brexit, ......
Thank you for this info. Lol. #PeakyBlinders oi.
From holidays to medicines. Here is how a #nodeal #Brexit will affect your life.
While the remain-supporting media here is scaremongering about 'crashing out', the rest of the world wonders why we are so hysterical about trading with the EU on the same terms they do.
And WT0 will be perfectly fine . BTW ERG has decreed BBC must not refer to Brexit with No Deal as ‘crashing out’ nor describe ERG as ‘hardline’ . Blantant intimidation of broadcasters to ‘normalise ‘ their hard Brexit
Brilliant article from #matthewparris. A coven of #zombies. Bring on and up our MPs! #Brexit #leadership #parliament
BBC News - #Brexit and no-confidence vote: Corbyn targets 'zombie government'
I find it very ironic when Tories vote against their leader’s Brexit plan but then do not support a vote of no confidence in her government which refuses to acknowledge the crimes of fraud committed during the EU referendum. #PEOPLESVOTE
Some reminds to the British with their stupid #Brexit, you have lost before, you can lose again.
Majority has probably changed its mind via
I know he's unpopular in France. I don't care. If only we had a politician with a thousandth of the skill &amp; energy of Macron. #VONC #Brexit
This is pretty smart. Some talk that Corbyn could hold another no conf vote in a few weeks, to take advantage of any ERG/DUP scepticism if the government shifts towards a softer #Brexit stance. This letter piles on the pressure for Corbyn to back a second ref instead...
Europe, Britain Rattled by Uncertainty Over Brexit, May’s Tottering Government
I am struggling with the policy of getting a general election. What do I vote for, a Tory Brexit or a Labour Brexit? That's not a choice, that's just deciding if I want ketchup or brown sauce on an equally poor burger.
this vote green lavenders world mediumpurple car :) brexit
Can your guests please comment on the effects of Russian influence and disinformation campaign on the Brexit vote in 2016?
Excellent thread from Nick Reeves... #brexit as executed by this government is s betrayal of democracy.
What a pair!! BBC News - Brexit and no-confidence vote: Corbyn targets 'zombie government'
I cannot believe you didn't having a coalition working party on the #Brexit deal. what a bloody mess woman.
Yesterday's Brexit vote &amp; its implications explained as concisely &amp; as soberly as is possible. Welcome to the Westminster apocalypse. Have you thought about theocracy instead? | Marina Hyde
Deal or No Deal? A Brief Update on “Brexit” - Following the historic defeat of Prime Minister May’s “Brexit” deal, CIO Tom Becket reaffirms our views and what the recent events mean for our portfolios. Watch here #dealornodeal #Brexit #investmentmanagement
#PMQs #Brexit Petition: Leave the EU without a deal in March 2019.
Only if you take a stand against Brexit - why would I vote for a change in government if the end result is just another form of Brexit?
The UK public are now far better informed about #Brexit than they were when they voted leave. Would it not therefore be best for everyone to have a #2ndReferendum before anything is finalised? #ConfidenceVote
GBP/USD Forecast: Sterling Boosted By Prospects Of Delayed Brexit After The Historical Defeat
With 40 sitting days left, you've helped ensure a no deal brexit.
More people using foodbanks. Schools in crisis due to funding cuts. An NHS at breaking point, with recruitment issues likely to worsen post-Brexit. A PM in denial, who wouldn't last a week as a maths teacher, an A&amp;E nurse, or a social worker.
Without doubt the one argument from either side that does my head in the most is "2 world wars". #Brexit
President Trump=EXTREME VETTING, Brexit, snowflake, &amp; US JOBS, JOBS, JOB.
Vote Leave economist admits Brexit would 'mostly eliminate manufacturing'
Try the official #Brexit Souvenir Cigarettes #PMQs #ThingsThatAreBadForYourHealth #brexitfags #wankersoftheworld #Tories #NoDeal
I don't think I remember, in the recent history, a proof of ineptitude even remotely comparable with this one. Enjoy
Ooops then Brexit ......
I don't think anything is impossible at this point, but it's hard to square rejecting the original ref with the pervasive campaigning on "honoring the vote." Seems like giving gifts to Brexit ultras and their "betrayal" narrative would have some especially ugly consequences
#annasoubry must go... #Resign
Billboard campaign reminds voters of MPs' Brexit promises
It seems to me that #Brexit is basically just another example of men making a mess, leaving it to a woman to clean up, then criticizing the way she's done it.
win #US election, #UK voting for #BREXIT is a sign of travesty in our world. Is this the demise of #Democracy? As we know it...
How did it get so far, I think we kind of know the answer but still, the conclusion for Brexit?
The #Brexit deal - key points
Despite what #DavidDavis may have claimed to the contrary. Also, this whole 'Norway option' is not an option, so why are they even discussing it? Will be #hardbrexit or a #PeoplesVote
Plus the architects of Brexit just sauntered away once the damage was done. At least there's the theoretical possibility that Trump will be held accountable at some point.
If Arlene doesn't think we had a hard border she must never have crossed it in the years before GFA. Or maybe she's getting confused with Trump's talk of borders and walls? We can't go back to those days. #Brexit #Ireland
Great legacy
Historian: Queen Should Suspend Parliament to Stop Remain MPs from Blocking Brexit via
To any Brits that just wants good music without any mention of Brexit, may I recommend tuning in to New York station - yes they're 6 hours behind, but the weekday music choice is great, and chilled, and no adverts. Odd at Weekends though.
you are paid to support your constituents
Better than Brexit
She's making a complete arse of herself and this country #BrexitShambles #BrexitChaos
Made me smile a little (on many levels) in the shadow of Brexit madness
Leavers have become so extreme that #Remain voting #Conservative MPs, who have been supporting #Brexit out of respect for the referendum, should give up on it in favour of #PeoplesVote.
#eu parliament Barnier speaking today in Strasbourg after UK Parliament rejected "Withdrawal Agreement" The picture nicely summarises the (lack of) vigour in the EU shamocracy. #NoDealBrexit #NoDealNoProblem #Brexit
Well, any Brexit is bad for the UK, so it’s pretty hard to choose a particular one. Unless of course your are profiting off the chaos (“Blood in the treets”). But then it is still to get a preferred worst one through parliament.
Opinion: Just like the Suez crisis, Brexit humiliation is stark reminder of Britain's waning global influence Sent via
New link for Parliament debate on Prime Minister No Confidence Motion, ongoing Brexit controversy
No Brexit talk in this galaxy please.
Absolutely spot fucking on. I wish every fucker would just forget about brexit for 2 minutes &amp; focus on what’s actually important &amp; that’s getting these cunts out. If they don’t go now I think we’ll be stuck with them for a lot longer than 2022 &amp; that’s scary.
Meanwhile... #Brexit
Don't worry about Brexit it'll get sorted but they're trying to ban low level letterboxes. Take to the streets....
I'm no May fan but I hope the Tories survive to get us out of the EU. I'm hoping Mogg, Davis, Boris and Raab can put leave pressure on. If Corbyn gets in we will never leave Starmer will make sure of that. After brexit election asap remove all the brexit blocker MPs.
Brexit fucks everything else though. If it happens there's less money for everything, the only question is how much less money.
Looking for High quality background removel designer for your E-commerce site product or other use? #PhotoshopEditing #RemoveBackground #Imagecutout #Backgroundremove #amazonproduct #amazon #Ebay #clippingpath #MUFC #WednesdayWisdom
'We've reached our limits with the deal and we won't, just to solve Britain's domestic political issues stop defending European interests.' That's the ballgame, folks.
Opinion: Just like the Suez crisis, Brexit humiliation is stark reminder of Britain's waning global influence
Please skip to 0:25 for the reason why John Bercow is the PM this country needs, but not the one it deserves
" #Brexit will certainly complicate how freedom of movement of workers and services will be regulated and practised in the EU. Regardless, the issue of posted work has already revealed significant tensions." #eupol
Day after Brexit defeat, Theresa May faces no confidence vote
None of them, tbh, but at least Corbyn wants to end austerity.
David Lammy : Windrush wrongs make this a 'national day of shame' Disappointed at the divisive nature of Lammy's push for remain as a Labour MP whereas pushing for a #GeneralElection would give more space for Remain as an option to Brexit.
Michel Barnier admits EU has never been so afraid of no deal and demands UK breaks Brexit deadlock
Are they also buying generators and stockpiling fuel for them? [Papers print at night so no solar power (even if we had enough for everything!)]
Do you know what Brexit Means Brexit acc means?
Well said. I'm starting to become comfortable with the fact that I pretty much have no opinion on what should happen next with Brexit. It's complicated, and it seems every suggested "solution" has fundamental flaws.
Too man I issues are being addressed in this video. The primary issue at this time is Brexit. And in that, all it says is that Labour would negotiate a better deal. That does not sound credible. Why should anyone believe that a Labour government would be a bit to do that?
With this attitude she fully deserves to be called a “stupid woman” (“stupid man” if she were male). No misogyny whatsoever. a true hero. Unafraid to speak truth, put country first #Brexit
Brenter!
Why do you follow a football page if you lie hating on brexit causing passport and visa issues with players?
I don’t have a clue? yes I do I know brexit is going to be twice the damage to Scotland that independence ever was. It’s about damage control now. I studied the effects of brexit when I was at uni. Which was just last year.
MPs a few months ago: ''We don't have any confidence in T. May as our leader and her abilities to handle Brexit.'' MPs now: ''The conservative MPs will be voting in favour of T. May as we trust her.'' How does this make any sense? Can someone explain?
Hello, I'm a t shirt designer. you need design. just order place.. my link..
Brexit deal: Merkel blasts May deal hopes and says Article 50 extension is ‘FICTION’ | World | News |
Brexit: Where will the UK end up: fudge, no-deal exit or halting Brexit? ...
Here, in French, President Macron describes the UK impasse over #brexit_shambles is due to (1) false news passed to electors (2) lies made to the British people in the campaign about what government could negotiate and (3) silence on its adverse aspects: #FBPE
I've never seen more #Shameless British PM than #TheresaMay and I've seen a lot .. Her plan is to push more or less same old, same old #BrExit deal in last week of March .. This tories are heading for "No Deal" #BrExit Huge #FinancialCrash would happen as no one analyzing that!
It infuriates me that people say we'll be fine because we survived two world wars. There are disabled people living great lives but you wouldn't voluntarily cut your fucking legs off! It's a ridiculous state of mind
So bad it’s good: Why markets see a silver lining in Theresa May’s Brexit defeat
Portes representing the 99% of economists who think brexit is bad. Bootle representing the 1% who think it’s good. Equal airtime of course. #bbcbalance
#GTTO #BBCBreakfast #bbcnews #itvnews #C4News #Brexit JUST RETWEET!!!!!
The EU won’t let him reveal the plans
You have no idea of my grasp of the Brexit issue to judge whether it is simplistic or not. If BREXIT does not happen I will be angry and disappointed and will take to the streets with many others. It could be bad for my health and for others health. No democracy would be worse!
Why should it take #brexit to have this? It’s fucking essential. Jobs, schools and NHS should never be up for negotiations you dicks.
It’s going to be wonderful handing sovereignty back to our parliament (whatever that means) look how well they’ve done with #Brexit
Lisa was definitely talking about her husband and not brexit
Theresa May will win No Confidence vote go to EU to get the deadline for Article 50 extended thou EU wont relent and ultimately i believe there wud 2nd refferendum (or People's Vote) on to opt for either No Deal Brexit or Remaining with EU. Torries dont want another poll.
EURIS Taskforce, a body representing 3,000 companies in sectors such as mechanical engineering, calls for #Brexit delay after government withdrawal agreement is rejected by the Commons
A second referendum is an easy way out for MPs – but not for democracy | Chris Bickerton
If you believe that, then you don't know Scottish politics. The same reason people voted for Brexit - lack of care, lack of funding, lack of development, feeling that you are not important is the reason Labour have lost in Scotland. It is too little too late for do many people
'... the single market is far more comprehensive than an FTA. The City’s exports to the EU would fall by around 60 per cent. The foreign owners of the UK’s mass-volume car plants would move production into the single market.'
Says you...
#ieWorld: UK government faces no-confidence vote after Brexit defeat | READ
A lot of people talk about Brexit in terms of what might happen in the coming months. The reality is that a lot of working people are losing out *right now* - and have been since 2016. Not only have prices increased but industries are uncertain &amp; many jobs increasingly insecure.
We can't leave the EU until the MPs who thwarted our 2016 Once in a generation decision to leave, resign their seats Any thought of a second referendum with the existing untrustworthy bunch in position would be a sick joke To get Brexit we need Brexit MPs, not quislings
Market traders like to talk about finance and pretend politics doesn't exist. That's their problem. Don't let them bully you into keeping your mouth closed. Do what you want to do and feel is important to talk about. Brexit is important.
A guy at work who voted remain told me today he'd vote leave now knowing what he knows and what has happened. #BrexitDebate #BrexitVote #BrexitDeal #Brexit #Conservatives #UKIP
Year 2044 #Brexit
All politicians need to take their fingers out of their ears and listen to the majority of the nation whom voted leave instead of using brexit to gain political revenge / clout / privilages
I think he did make her squirm, but he knows the next election will not just be about Brexit. It will include all the other abject failures of this government.
#JeremyCorbyn was good for #Labour He is killing them now. Polls showing him losing support as possible PM? How can he be losing vs #TheresaMay right now? Tony Blair was a prick but he would have fucking destroyed the tories over #Brexit
May forgot to mention this in PMQs today, you know those people who support Brexit are having their Pensions cut dramatically up to £7K a year for some of them, perhaps you would like to remind your neighbours what they are up to whilst they argue about Brexit.
Theresa May is a deceitful woman who should be got rid of One Way of Other. The Tory Party will be decimated come a G E for their part in keeping this woman in control.
You look like you could lead our Brexit In the first 2 pics
This.
Tonia told gower she supported brexit in the GE. I say this as someon who wanted their MP to stand for remain. But she didn't. I read her own comments on her own facebook page
Brexit Britain sends out a 'Mayday'
That #Corbyn plan in full: 1. Vote of no confidence (indoors if wet). 2. GENERAL ELECTION NOW! 3. Squeak a majority. 4. Realise it's too late to renegotiate #Brexit. 5. Decide everything in 1973 was fine. 6. Don beige anorak and bicycle clips. 7. Bugger off to his allotment.
, do you have time lord properties that can propel us to the conclusion of brexit. We’re all getting rather bored and are going around in circles now. #dizzy
What tripe. Get on with Brexit or go.
Brexit deal: Merkel blasts May deal hopes and says Article 50 extension is ‘FICTION’ | World | News | Can anyone verify this? I Great news if true.
I suspect Sturgeon's position is about playing the 'exhausting all reasonable options' card to give legitimacy for a second Indy Referendum, having full knowledge the UK Parliament are hellbent on a hard Brexit at all costs...so she has nothing to lose other than time.
Definitely a concerted effort by"Deal-ite" Tories to challenge WTO narrative. Brexiteer Brexit Secretary Stephen Barclay chief among them.
Patrick Minford is at the very politest, an 'eccentric'. IMO nothing he says about #Brexit (or economics) should be taken seriously. Frankly most economists would agree.
Conservative MP Neil Parish tells Commons work needs to be done on the NI element of any deal but the hard Brexit some of his colleagues want would certainly not help resolve the many problems posed by Brexit on the NI border
OMFIF's Lord Meghnad Desai comments on the political situation in the #UK after last night's #Brexit deal vote on #Bloomberg
The internet always wins
One thing I have learnt from Brexit is how the bureaucrats in Brussels are nothing more than a bunch of bullies!
The country's a mess because of it, more divided than ever, but sure, stand firm, dude who abandoned ship when there was only a hint of it sinking.
Theresa May MP: Give People a Final Say on Brexit Deal - Sign the Petition! via
Your an idiot. Why should they take blame for UK’s self harm that is brexit. You leave the club on the clubs terms not your own. Why is it so hard for this to get through thick Tory heads.
I was pointing out that electoral wins are not an indicator of/don’t require strong support in a flawed system. Seems like you agree. Ditto for the Brexit referendum where the leave vote was a bare majority. Look at the chaos in the UK &amp; US! Conservatives = bad government
No, it’s not a #MuseumSelfie - it’s just a plain selfie. I haven’t tweeted anything really meaningless for ages &amp; I’m sick to death of Brexit - here’s to a little superficiality.
“I have talked at some length to people in USTR who are in charge of Europe negotiations. They are prepared to begin entering into neg’ns. But to think it will be rapid... It certainly doesn’t substitute for Britain’s major trading relationship.” Amb Stuart Eizenstat #brexit
Truth was never spoken better.
Truth is they’ve suffocated us Brits behind the purdah of #brexit helping their pals become richer and allowing us to starve to help pay for it all. #uk #maybot #ToriesOut #UniversalCredit #NHS #Pensions #over60 #schoolcuts #foodbanks #poverty
next part of a to z free blog for money : Brexit Roundtable Webinar: Outlook for GBP and London Stocks #wanitaxigo
UN report stated austerity is a domestic decision ie , nothing to do with EU , &amp; a decision , not a necessity , that directly caused poverty &amp; death . It said Brexit was also a domestic decision and would have much worse affect on the working and poor . #Peoplesvote
Brexit: EU opens door to further trade negotiations if Theresa May ditches red lines. May says "SHE" wants to end free movement, single market, and customs union. No, "SHE" doesn't, she has GOT to because of democracy. SHE would remain tomorrow but for the probable violence
Hold a Second Brexit Referendum
Theresa May’s Withdrawal Agreement being rejected it is time to anticipate a No-Deal Brexit scenario. Have you anticipated the need to appoint a #EUrepresentative? #art27GDPR
Short-term pain for long-term gain: Hhmm. Not so much......
#brexit Regardless of your opinion I like you because of your sincerity and because you really do believe what you say. I look forward to your forthcoming tour:- SIR VINCE CABLE .....UNPLUGGED...!!
But surely #indyref2 will still need Westminster approval.. #c4news #brexit #DissolveTheUnion #indyref
After today's No Conf vote the Tories in marginal seats are going to have a very tough time explaining how their Party destroyed the Brexit deal and then voted confidence in the Tory Government ( assuming they do of course! )
Brexit means wristbands
Yep. And the Government have stated that every form of Brexit would lead to this being hit. Page 9 of this document.
The EU tells Brits what to do. That’s why we’re leaving. Happy to help.
Leave MPs have become so extreme that #Remain voting #Conservative MPs, who have been supporting #Brexit out of respect for the referendum, should give up on it in favour of #PeoplesVote.
I had a German lad briefly work with me probably eight years ago now-in Germany he worked for VW. At the time I had a Jaguar XF-nice car. The lad had never seen a Jaguar in Germany-not one . Read the point below. If people who voted Brexit bought British- then a good start!
Watching PMQ's earlier and Corbyn was taking the Tories to task over everything from austerity to brexit. May appeared to be stuck in an infinite loop declaring "will of the people, brexit means brexit and strong and stable". I was starting to think her head would explode...
Risk of 'no deal' Brexit has never been so high - EU negotiator Barnier — RT World News
No, the Putinist end is to support anti-western system populists and populist objectives, whether it’s far left or far right. They support Brexit, Trump, Le Pen, Orban, Jill Stein. They want to weaken the western order for various reasons.
Johnathan Pie has the facts and he's a fucking comedian. #Brexit
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK
Yes - nails it totally. #Brexit
UK government faces no-confidence vote after Brexit defeat
From The Poke yesterday.... "Wierd. I don't remember seeing 'Relentless Shitshow' on the Brexit ballot paper. "
Who keeps letting this twat out of his shed?
Just had an email about Brexit. Woman said no deal will be a catastrophe for the UK. Job losses. Etc. come on Jeremy. You have to fight this witch and her shitty government and the DUP. We can’t crash out of EU without no deal.
Does #SirVinceCable voice Zippy from Rainbow? #brexit #voteofnoconfidence
What the crooked ref? His constituents did not vote for it, so he does not to be reminded of anything.
Treasonous May must go! #Brexit
"Don't call the people from the valleys turkeys!" - best line ever
I was about to suggest "Brexit Domination", but yes, I agree
Please allow her to do something useful with her talent, whatever that may be? Representing you, is clearly not on her agenda!
Bielsa to resign 1.85 Bielsa to be arrested by Derbyshire police 2.64 Bielsa to take over the brexit negotiations 22.0
Filming in Chester. Brexit...
Is this what Brexit has done to us? You're talking about forcing a No Deal Brexit on the country?
Given that "Brexit" is growing ever more synonymous with "shitshow", this seems accurate given you're leading the longest ever government shutdown in US history...
If Brexit had not corrupted the very heart of the British nation, MPs would now revoke A50 in the national interest. A referendum is an awful idea. There are no options left, except remain.
Mrs May needs to go now !!!! #Brexit
The best parts of this are a) the hanging rope about to behead the UK (where Scotland is the head) and that it's almost a 2x2 matrix... so what are the axes?
Britain’s a Small Country. Get Used to It.
Ah, my apologies. Thanks for clarifying, Oliver. I fell into the trap of focusing only on the most outrageous thing there and failed to read what was either side. Brexit worries have been affecting my sleep of late and, it seems, also my brain.
Brexit vote was humiliating defeat, but May will likely stagger on
We have become a 1-issue nation, Brexit does not follow party lines so my vote would go to the candidate (not party) that declared they would support a proper brexit through thick and thin. Ah but so many stood on that manifesto in 2017 &amp; now look at them. can any be trusted?
New Brexit Secretary
Many people I am speaking to in the shires think War is the only solution to attain Brexit. Very sad. Our democratic vote must have been a dud, it didn’t go off, just fizzled a little bit in Philip Hammond’s waste paper basket.
Could Norway-style Brexit replace PM’s doomed Brexit deal?
Revoke and reconsider.
ICYMI Boris Johnson blasted over claims ‘deep state' is betraying Brexit
Up to 3 Doctoral Scholarships starting in 2019-20 (September or January) available from (the largest university law school in a common law country within the post-Brexit EU) Yearly stipend of €16,000 + fees covered D/L 5pm Thu 31 Jan 2019
Historian: Queen Should Suspend Parliament to Stop Remain MPs from Blocking Brexit
Why can’t we have a vote of no confidence? #TrumpsShutdown #Brexit
German business warns of Brexit ‘chaos’
The pound rose on news of Theresa May's historic defeat. Markets believe that May will now go for a softer Brexit—but the pound's strength does not reflect the true scale of the U.K.'s political crisis
I personally think that there is noone better to do the job than the current PM. Also, a no confidence vote should be called on the whole lot of the Gorvernment parties not just singling May/tories out you're all a shambles. Are any of you fit to serve?#PMQs #Brexit
Gisela, there seems to be a straightforward solution to the Brexit Deal impasse already embedded in the Brexit documents which could be used to remove the backstop problem. It just needs elevating. See proposal at
#Brexit Just Do It. No deals.
Neither are we, even if we're dismissed as scare mongers &amp; suffer attacks as a result, both physical &amp; verbal. Come over &amp; interview We'll mention how badly #Brexit hits our region &amp; how so many are unhappy. Had pleasure of already
Is there a solution to the #Brexit debacle? Listen to Christine Reh discuss the consequences and options for the UK and the EU on Austrian radio (in German).
"I have always believed that the best way forward is to leave in an orderly way with a good deal and have devoted much of the last two years negotiating such a deal." Theresa May 15.01.2019 / statement following the Meaningful Vote #Brexit #TheresaMay
IndyRef2 is inevitable now. Having a No Deal Brexit will be just as much detrimental to Scotland as the rUK. We must prevent a No Deal AND go for independence.
‘Still time to negotiate,’ Merkel says after Brexit vote
Of all the people to meet, chief #FBPE'er Steve Bray was probably high on the list
Industry reaction to yesterday’s Brexit vote:
Drawing on the latest polling data, from has written an opinion piece for exploring whether a so-called 'Norway option' would break the #Brexit stalemate. Read here:
One Very Real Sign of the UK's malaise are these arguments that voting is anti-democratic.
's Kevin O' Rourke's Short History of Brexit, reviewed by the A Short History of Brexit by Kevin O’Rourke review – a devastating account
Haha spot on.
The #Brexit crisis would be a price worth paying if it began a move #away from #partypolitics and led to an independent, honest and representative government. WE ARE F***ING SICK OF THE LOT OF YOU!!!
Parliament has become a dialogue of the deaf. Meanwhile the nation moves closer to chaos.
Was it refugees in England that pushed the divide?
Junior Brexit minister says Britain to leave EU as planned #StateoftheUnion #StateOfTheUnion
Why does talk of a people's vote have an answer for 'No Brexit'? Surely it should: A. Deal or B. No deal? #brexit #PeoplesVote
Between Brexit and the Integrity Initiative story, London should be awash in yellow vests this weekend.
If Brexit isnt implemented you will have every legitimate right to use whatever means are at your disposal to overthrow the current governing class and regime.
I just cannot believe Brexit right now!... Parliament need some black people to run that shit!.. I think I’d make a good PM! Lmao!
Received this in the post today. First inside page of the P&amp;O brochure. This brexshit debacle pervades everything. #Brexit
They can vote for ponies for Christmas but President Macron ain’t in giving mode. No Deal here we come.
You know you’re reading too much news when you tell your friend “Brexit” instead of “Exit”. #BrexitVote
Carmaker JLR urges UK lawmakers to prevent a no-deal Brexit
"The argument against the Irish border became a general proxy for these kind of views," says of those MPs against May's Brexit deal.
My Queen, It is with deepest regret to inform you that your government has fallen. Depeest Regards, United Kingdom Parliament.
Theresa May’s Brexit offer to MPs branded ‘ludicrous’ for ignoring Corbyn
Who wouldn’t say that to a neg partner on the ropes? Point is there is no “deal” that would pass 6 tests that isn’t identical 2 EU m’ship minus decision-making. ’s right: #labour must stop flirting w #Brexit lies &amp; listen 2 it’s members.
This is an excellent resource if you’re trying to read up on the border:
As long as hardline Brexiters can keep the standoff going, their threat still has some bite, says #Brexit
Brexit will make them alot worse.
Her and the rest of the anti democratic lot who voted with the 202! The lot should be deselected .
When MPs realise the impass is not a party lines issue we’ll move on. JC has used Brexit to force a #GE that he’d most likely not win. He has same track record on consensus politics as Tories
Companies cry out for Brexit clarity, warn on no-deal
Day1112 1/16/19First Radio HeadlineS Heardof the Day Drawing Project #Brexit #TheresaMay #Census2020 #WilburRoss #citizenshipquestion #shutdown #governmentemployees #GovernmentShutdown #GovernmentShutdownCost #Nairobi #NairobiAttack #AlShabaab #Kenya #NYS #TappanZeeBridge
Aine (pronounced ayn, anah, anay, aynee - what people call me) Áine (pronounced aww-nya - my actual name)
The Brexit group places huge billboards with quotes from MPs around Dover
Well it was sad that the brexit People refused to give parliament a vote
Drug firms preparing for no-deal Brexit told to sign ‘gagging orders’ Pl sign ’s petition asking Govt to release info on which medicines they stockpiling in case of a no deal Brexit #StockpileMedicine
We want a No Deal Brexit. If you can’t deliver, get out of the way.
Absolutely right. And it reflects badly on the committee charged with the oversight of Brexit preparations. This is a massive failure on a grand scale.
Brexit Loss for U.K.'s May Means Pain for Business, Say Tax Advisers
Don't try this at home: sign the #petition to axe EU citizen pay to stay fees via #brexit #peoplesvote #stopbrexit #brexitchaos
Brexit: Bank of England Governor Mark Carney warns of further market volatility due to no-deal fears - The Independent
Because we need a people’s vote to resolve brexit not a general election where labour would likely lose anyway
Well put young lady! The way I see it is that we in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland is to do as we bloody well telt! Westminster and the Unionist will screw us all simple!
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK - CNNPolitics #SmartNews
UK Parliament votes down PM May’s EU divorce deal or Brexit by 230 votes
Brexit for example, if "parliament" holds all the power then why a referendum? Why general elections? Surely they are not needed if parliament is all powerful, why does the sovereign will of the people need to be asked if parliament is sovereign?
Hi, Are you looking for #frontend #Developer like: #psd to #html #create #psd, #sketch, #xd, #ai to html #website #responsive #bootstrap4 #landingpage Hire Here #GoesBetterWithCoffee #wednesdaythoughts #Manbij #Min #Holly #Karen #Pence Thanks
It looks like we are heading for a Brexit so soft we are going to have to thumb it in.
Good god. “One memo to David Cameron as prime minister issued instructions that “we must ensure that our commemoration does not give any support to the myth that European integration was the result of the two World Wars”.” A Short History of Brexit
Hardly, if it hadn't been for them May would have got her withdrawal deal through, as it it they are still able to fight on for brexit
Brexit: Where will the UK end up: fudge, no-deal exit or halting...
The Daily 202: Frm Brexit to NATO and the shutdown, Putin is winning so much he might get tired of winning THIS confirms what I was talking about last night; we had ALL better watch Putin more closely--it isn't just America he's after but also our Allies
Stop bloody crying and join the real world. No Deal has no mandate, it wasnt even on the table in the run up to the first referendum, Mays Deal is likely the only brexit available and that just got voted down. Another peoples vote means they have still given up on brexit.
#PeoplesVote although one should always beware of Fartage &amp; his forked tongue #FBAlreadyFloodedWithBrexitAds
#BREXIT latest: Theresa May's red lines on Brexit were defied in public today by a Cabinet minister as she paid the price for last night’s historic Commons defeat
#Islam #Brexit #AFD #London It took 60 years for the confession of faith to appear
That’s odd... Treasury extends EU aid pledge to cover 'no deal' Brexit
Clearly rattled that his little 'financial interest' in #Brexit under threat .
Exactly thank you for clarifying the reality, that you can’t compromise over a binary choice, half in half out. Should the Welsh Assembly only sit Mon-Weds? Should Scotland only be independent from Jan-Jun? Leave means Leave entirely, only then are we free to trade as we want to
An excellent article - I suggest should read it. #Brexit
again it's about 5% of the total NHS staff are from the EU it's not the end of the world "Of these, around 62,000 – or 5.6 per cent of all employees - come from EU countries. 45,000 come from Asia, and 21,000 are from African countries."
He's not on my list of favorites but he he's nailing it...
BPA: #Brexit vote brings ‘no-deal’ scenario closer #bpa #eu
Also nonsense to call Corbyn's amiguity around Brexit 'strategic' because "we don't know how Brexit will play out yet" whereas Sturgeon's deferral of an indyref for identical reasons is 'lacking bottle'
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK - CNNPolitics #SmartNews
Now Neil Parish says people might majoritarily want to remain now, but "it wouldn't change anything". Yes it would! Brexit isn't wanted and therefore has to stop! More ignorance is almost impossible.
Hold a Second Brexit Referendum via
Jean-Claude Juncker has called for tighter EU integration based around the eurozone and Schengen open-border system and urged an end to member states’ veto powers in a push to unite the bloc ahead of Brexit.
Astonishing how many have yet been persuaded to rely on the alternative narratives being presented by dissembling factions, lying now endemic in British politics. The truth about the disaster that’s Brexit is mostly factual.
Piss in one's Brexit
Exhibit closed. Brexit on your left, single file. No refunds.
We need a new PM and a new Cabinet !
Small Business panel for mutter from the gutter early doors... small biz manufacturers were all positive in relation to the whole #Brexit thing-there seems to be a Big Biz/Small Biz split in respect of doomy &amp; gloomy outlook. Tiny sample size but all the same....
Best explanation yet!
Since the British Parliament can't make up their mind about Brexit, why not let the Queen decide?
Petition: Brexit re article 50 it must NOT be suspended/stopped under any circumstances
No, it isn't. This argument for Brexit is ignorant, callous and dangerous.
Since January the only conversation at work has been either Brexit or dieting. Its driving me crazy.
Why more Farage, when his links to Trump and other foreign sponsors on the far right are widely known? He’s not a representative commentator - UKIP is now in alliance with Le Pen.
Macron's charisma shines through in this meeting. Sadly, UK think that if they keep asking Brussels will change their position--it is not going to happen.
He talked during more than 6 hours in front of the mayors of France. I think he spoke only few minutes about Brexit the day the vote took place. What do you think he is looking after?
Watching PMQ’s today it seems blatantly obvious there is no way all parties will agree on a Brexit deal.
All understand no deal Brexit will wreck what is left of the economy. Only option 2nd Vote.
World stocks rise but Britain slips on Brexit limbo via
UK allies, never forget that Brexit was sold and hyped as a way for England to keep "those people" from immigrating. Same thing in the US w/Trump's Muslim Ban which has now morphed into histrionics of The Wall. Same fear, hate and racism.
We need a people’s vote as JC and the current Labour leadership are pro Brexit ....
#Manicfesto To prevent a Brexit, the OMRLP will introduce a new ice age and physically create a connection
#Inflation falls to lowest level in nearly two years as oil prices 'tumble'. #Brexit #ConfidenceVote #LeaveMeansLeave #Tories #economy #GoodNews #RuleBritannia
Sounds to me like you support none democracy or even know what it means another turn coat, will be sure to unfollow your Brexit site because it means Jack $hit.
Hi, Are you looking for #frontend #Developer like: #psd to #html #create #psd, #sketch, #xd, #ai to html #website #responsive #bootstrap4 #landingpage Hire Here #GoesBetterWithCoffee #wednesdaythoughts #Manbij #Min #Holly #Karen #Pence Thanks
Enjoy Corbyn's Brexit I would not stay in the UK to suffer through something anyone with any knowledge of history can see would be catastrophic economic contraction
"My deal delivers the Brexit people voted for, a country that works for everyone, a fairer Britain" But Mrs May we voted leave, not for a deal "My deal delivers a country that works for everyone, delivers, stronger together delivers, everyone, fairer" NURSE PLEASE COME QUICKLY
I’d like to think the EU would be sympathetic to the UK citizens who oppose Brexit, too, but maybe I’m naive.
“The true heart of Brexit is a vision that is the precise opposite of the one they missold in the referendum. This is what their freedom and sovereignty means: no protections, only an unfettered market. ”
I honestly think Trump would be a better option right now!
Prime Minister If #Brexit is not carried out or delayed #Corbyn getting the keys to Number 10 will be the least of your worries. 17.4 + #UKPatriots will ensure the way we have been Governed will cease. #GovernedByConsent #WeWithdrawOurConsent
Hold a Second Brexit Referendum
We're having a BREXIT free zone for 2 hours right now on - come join me if you can and tell me what you're up to this wet and wintry Wednesday afternoon. :) x
There are a ton of high street names and well known businesses who know Brexit is catastrophic. They won't say so publicly as they'll be pilloried and boycotted by Leavers. Low end retailers and repossession companies might be pro Brexit.
I saw that blog and it was poor stats and reading then. Lab membership majority wants a Ref. Even in marginals, Lab wd gain more than lose. Brexit in manifesto is suicide. Remain in manifesto is not credible for Corbyn. So Ref in manifesto is the only possibility.
Interesting!
NOTHING HAS CHANGED! EU Referendum reminder.. By constituency: 406 #Leave, 242 #remain By voting area: 263 Leave, 119 remain By party: Labour 148 Leave, 84 remain. Tory 247 leave, 80 remain No #Brexit No democracy! #BrexitDebate FYI #PeoplesVote was 23/6/2016
Michel Barnier sees high risk of no-deal Brexit
17m brexit 49m voters 66m uk humans get you sums right
Treasury yields rise after UK leader May's Brexit vote defeat
Sir Peter reminds members that the default option if there is no agreement is a no-deal #Brexit crashing out and operating under WTO rules. In my view, given lack of consensus and political dynamics, this is where to put your money.
Urgh. Feeling slightly anxious. Could be too much coffee, could be the weather, could be impending Brexit doom or it could be that Small has got an after school play date. *braces self for phone call from school/other child's parent*.
Concerns Mount as Trade Repositories Face Brexit Split
It's been dominating headlines for the past 2 years or more, but let us remind you of Gyles Brandreth's ( ) take on #Brexit from waaaaay back before the vote...
Brexit vote: 'Are we witnessing Britain's biggest political crisis of modern times? Absolutely yes.' via
#TheresaMay's #Brexit deal defeated in Parliament #BrexitChaos
You all need to realize Putin played a big part in Brexit.
Why is this relevant? There's no GE, all you need to concentrate on just now is sorting Brexit, for that the best idea is to #RevokeArticle50.
'If we don't Brexit we'll let in the far right'. I'd say that ship has already sailed. At least in Germany they're only the 3rd largest party. Here they run the country with the support of half the voting population.
Brexit Breaking Point. The Energy Report 01/16/19: They are calling the Brexit vote the biggest parliamentary…
He resigned as we all remembered. And pretty sure people blame him for the UK's current political instability.
James O’Brien wipes the floor with Jacob Rees-Mogg over #Brexit vote:
Caught up with Robin for lunch. Can't believe he's been gone 2 months already! I feel slightly calmer about Brexit with him in the mix.
Neil Parish tory MP, confirms British agriculture would be destroyed by hard or no deal Brexit. Brexiteers do not care about the UK farmers, car manufacturers, medicine, NI border, prisoners, police, UC, DWP, NHS the list is endless. Tory Britain is going to the dogs.
LibDems who together with the Tories created this Brexit mess are standing in the full glory of victimhood claiming the Tories are wot made this mess! #PMQs
He’s right, of vourse
PM May: British MP "pushed" Queen of England "up the wall": Brexit Secy
The fact that Britain will not have the saving grace of an impending baseball season proves you're wrong; they're In worse shape than we are (not to mention the pest side issue that if there's a no-deal Brexit, their economy may collapse).
Brexit shambles confirms total failure of elite rule. Not sure yesterday's vote is good news. Time will tell. But that the government is totally incapable of running the country, &amp; the main opposition party equally incapable of offering a credible alternative is beyond dispute.
Brexit: "What do we want?" "Dunno?!?" "When do we want it?" "Fucking now!"
There is “no effective government taking place” says who calls for “absolute clarity” over need to stop no deal Brexit #NoConfidenceMotion
The other way round will be worse.I can’t imagine the mither in the boozers when some jolly Wemainers get a bit loud in celebrating ‘no brexit’ in front of a few labourers lol.The NHS WILL be tested
And what exactly is Labour’s policy on Brexit?
Why is asking for Labour to run an election on being the party that promises another referendum or stop Brexit all together? Isn’t that the #LibDems position?
She would probably win with a frying pan !
Useful thread
Guy Verhofstad has shot down a 2nd EUref(PV) as they want Brexit done and dusted well before EU elections(23/26May). Can Scotland just get on with taking care of itself and call indyref2. Time to cut out the oppresive WM/Tory rule in Scotland
#haveyoursay Can include the quoted image on all coverage about Brexit? Vote Leave promised a deal *before* Article 50 was triggered. Whatever Parliament is doing now, it can't deliver on the campaign people voted for.
Why Brexit is a living hell for Jeremy Corbyn... not just Theresa May - The Telegraph
Due to Brexit education, these sort of facts will not work any more. 1. 01 Jan 18 How many in employment - 31 Dec 18 How many in employment 2. 01 Jan 18 How many in Students in OS Schools 31 Dec 18 etc 3. 01 Jan 18 How much into NHS - 31 Dec 18 How much DATES COUNT
The Tories produce such bad leaders that one could almost say the problem is in the party. #brexit
The latest Brandcoach's Brandstrategy Daily! Thanks to #brexit #metoo
Seems 's IT managers need a hand with these new-fangled smartphones, or opening emails... or whatever *complicated* process enables a #proxyvote. Bless 'em. Great piece #babyleave #Brexit
Ouch!
Hello #UK, choose hard #BREXIT , burn all ships, close canal tunnel and airports and stay for always on your Island in isolation. It seems that is the best option
What a heartfelt message from provost! Thank you!
Hi Ernest, could you explain to me please what would be beneficial in a no deal Brexit scenario? Thanks,
Not one to defend Fine Gael, but Micheal Martin &amp; Fianna Fail giving FG stick for not being No Deal Brexit-prepared is absolutely hilarious. Micheal, mate, no one has a fucking clue what's going on.
Brexit is different Jeremy Corbyn can scream and shout but he is not a good opposition leader. He is a power hungry troll. Corbyn supports Brexit his Labour MPs want a people's vote. Cannot take this man seriously.
Remember Artur Mas...
If they let No Deal on the ballot, that would be an act of criminal insanity. It should be May’s Brexit Deal (the only one we’re getting with May’s red lines) or Remain.
The fall in inflation will come as a relief to some consumers who have reined in their spending ahead of #Brexit
'Off the incompetence scale': readers react to May's Brexit defeat
I'll go through my list: Lib Dems - consistently voted for austerity Ukippers - powerless to stop austerity and are pro-Brexit (austerity) Conservatives - still pro-austerity Only Greens and SNP aren't directly complicit, but one has 1 MP and the other undermines Labour anyway.
The latest noaspa news! Thanks to #brexit #syrian
Angry....they've seen nothing yet! #BREXIT
We now interrupt the #MotionofNoConfidence in UK parliament, to bring you an episode of The Vicar of Dibley. #Brexit
I have said all along that due to the splits and factions in the house as soon as parliament won the right to vote on the final outcome, we would end up with no deal. #Brexit
#Brexit is becoming a #wrexit. Cancel it. Let's have a #peoplesvote. Time for #GE2019, how will you be voting in the general election and the people's vote thereafter? Binding #ConfidenceVote could be passed tonight.
It looks quite pretty drawn like this
Hard Brexit, end of.
Brexit is the new Y2K! #BrexitVote #BrexitDeal
#Brexit A Bust – And A Blow To #UK’s #FinTech Role?
My bet is on extending Article 50 i.e. Brexit limbo
This is spot on, not everything is reducible to a couple of Anglo-American archtypes.
‘NO RENEGOTIATION’ Merkel smashes Brexit hopes and says Article 50 extension is ‘FICTION’
Brexit is Spite.
Why Gareth Bale is facing uncertain Real Madrid future amidst UK's Brexit chaos
INFH UXEYX 160119161556
Nero fiddled while Rome burned. Theresa May simply repeated Brexit means Brexit over and over again
Do as the people instructed #Brexit #NoDeal #Leave #MPsInItForThemselves get on with it rather than bickering that you don’t like what the little people decided against the establishments wishes!
Logistics industry urges UK to prevent disorderly Brexit but vows to 'clear up the mess' #brexit #ports #logistics #supplychain
so what is the plan ? Stop Blooody BREXIT - look what has happened to Jaguar Rolls Royce and other companies. I am working for international business and because of this we are opening office in Netherlands and getting rid of people in UK !!! so COME ON
The kind of hard core #Brexit supporters suddenly saying "why can't we just get everyone around a table and figure it out?" are exactly the sane sort of people who sue McDonald's for making then fat.
Interesting analysis of Brexit scenarios by Emmanuel Macron today, before an audience of French mayors.
All options ruled out #PeoplesVote #Brexit #PMQs #NoConfidence
Mate, Leicester won the league. More bonkers than Trump and Brexit combined.
A no deal Brexit looks more likely now - and the £ went up! It provides more certainty I believe and shows that investors are not scared of no deal.
This
show this to yer Ma and pa Steven.
MPs a few months ago: ''We don't have any confidence in T. May as our leader and her abilities to handle Brexit.'' MPs now: ''The conservative MPs will be voting in favour of T. May as we trust her.'' How does this make any sense? Can someone explain? #Brexit #BrexitShambles
The Brexit Restaurant
Will #Brexit actually happen?
There has been a plot from the start to thwart Brexit whether she is a part of it or not Those who were elected on a lie being part of it along with the msm being in the pay of the EU...NEWS BLATANTLY FLAUNTING EU FLAGS ON EVERY NEWSCAST not that their news is worth watching....
Would probably end up with re-smog ing the country by burning furniture through the winters post no deal brexit.
Rule out a clean brexit? No thanks, although a sensible deal could be better...
Theresa May’s Brexit deal suffers worst defeat in British political history
"A turkey wouldn't vote for Christmas" brilliant. The self informed versus the Sun, Fail and Farage informed.
At least we purportedly have term limits. Brexit seems to be a disaster that knows no bounds...
Unfortunately Alan, I believe the “grey suits” are Europhiles and reckon PM is doing a grand job of snookering Brexit.
A helpful primer w a great chart
"The pound has risen after MPs voted to reject Theresa May's #Brexit deal by 230 votes. The vote opens up a range of outcomes, including no deal, a renegotiation of Mrs May's deal, or a second referendum."
Well said Ben!
There once was a man called Dave Cameron, Who found growing support for UKIP quite staggering, He duly took note, And asked us to vote, Now no one knows what the f*ck's happening! #Brexit #BrexitLimericks
'Great theatre – but tragic': Europe's media reacts in horror to May defeat | Politics | The Guardian #BrexitChaos
Petition: Brexit re article 50 it must NOT be suspended/stopped under any circumstances
In the event of a WTO Brexit we would be the biggest winner if we applied tariff's as we have an 81BN trade deficit. For a start we would stop supporting your farmers &amp; force Our Fat Cat Farmers to produce. You Sick Rothschild Banker Globalist Fat Cat
Frustration as UK parliament rejects Brexit deal
Did you know that if U.K. leaves European Union there will be almost no ethnic representation at the #EU parliament? The U.K. brings ethnic diversity to the union.Additionally it is one of the European countries where talent still prevails other than skin tone . #Pool #Brexit
She should resign, or be investigated by police to see if standing as a Tory, which agreed to support Brexit, is fraud. MPs are paid.
Some help for Brexit: If you buy on the internet from a picture of a chair, then get it home and find out it's two inches high, you can change your mind. The first referendum was the picture. What we have now is like getting the item home. Add to debate.
&amp; Brexit is a waste of money. There will be damage to the economy. We must improve upon this.
Labour threatens to bring #Brexit no confidence vote 'again and again and again' Theresa May is expected to survive tomorrow's historic vote against her government - but Labour won't give up.
Get a new referendum re Brexit. First one ill informed. Like US re Trump
Can UK Leave UE it has been 3 or 4 years since the #Brexit vote
Brexit group posts huge billboards of MPs’ quotes around Dover
Blow it all up? UK government faces no-confidence vote after epic Brexit defeat
Hope your not going to get up to any scheming boles to try and stop Brexit that's all I say.
The British people should get the final say on the Brexit deal, with the option to remain in the EU. Agree? Add your name:
EU Expresses Horror at Brexit Vote, Refuses to Reopen Deal
Option 2 gets my vote.
27% of IPSE members took up contracts in EU countries last year. #Brexit risks creating a system that makes it extremely difficult for UK-based independent professionals to move and work freely once we leave the European Union. Read more:
"Now to Brexit &amp; (Insert reporters name) is reporting from (Insert city/town somewhere in the UK) an area that voted by (Insert Ref local result) to always a leave area,Yes i get that 17.4 m people voted leave BUT 16.1 voted remain reflect that
MPs alone won’t solve the Brexit deadlock. We need a citizens’ assembly | Lisa Nandy and Stella Creasy via
The biggest issue isn’t Brexit its this remain run government doing their best to make sure it isn’t delivered #leavemeansleave
lmao okay babes xxxx
and i don´t know what the heck happened that my halfbrother looks like a dribbling idiot into brexit, probably the red tops and judas priest. not even proper metal.
Well done them. #BrexitShambles
Once parliament is no longer discussing Brexit every day, and it's no longer a constant story in the news, people will forget. Something else will fill it's void for them to be outraged about. It's completely undemocratic, but it's sensible. The public should never...
Theresa May will win No Confidence vote &amp; go to EU to get the deadline for Article 50 extended thou EU wont relent on terms. Ultimately i believe there wud 2nd refferendum (or People's Vote) on to opt for either No Deal Brexit or Remaining with EU. Torries dont want another poll.
As George would say himself: This!
Go on that man in the hat
Earlier discussed on the Prime Minister's determination to deliver on #Brexit - listen from 2 hrs 12 mins here
it's the peoples brexit not yours and the deals you've done-deals that depend on leaving EU. what improvements do you see for the people of the UK-no, not the well off the ones who have endured years of austerity, the austerity you supported 100%, will there lives improve??
Taking a break from the Brexit madness for a trip to the Indian Gymkhana Club with London is honestly the best global city in the world
Fantastic non-Brexit news!
“And if the House of Commons does not vote in favour of a clear plan, the United Kingdom will crash out of the European Union without a deal on 29 March.”
In light of trump and brexit, jar jar being a senator and destroying the Republic doesn’t seem like such a far fetched plot point.
I'm very clear that Funko Pops are important to Brexit talks
Search on for Brexit consensus after May's crushing defeat
People voted for the Tories. People voted for Brexit. I would be angry if I wasn't so jaded. 'The public gets what what the public wants.' #GoingUnderground #TheJam
Your vote doesn't matter. Your voice doesn't matter. You don't matter. That's what thwarting Brexit, or a second referendum, says to almost 17.5 million voters. It says that this ancient island democracy has been subverted by a self-interested elite – I fear what might come next.
i get it... the brexit mess is all corbyns fault... take ownership of your partys mess and do the decent thing and vote with the opposition...
That is very creative, and quite an amusing take on Macron’s comments on Brexit.
Does vince cable judge his election majority the same way he judges the Brexit vote if he does then he should be doing a job share with who came second as that is how he sees the results of 2016 and that winning vote is discounted and we should be carrying out remains wishes
Brilliant.
This is disgusting Anglophobic and anti-British propaganda . There are 195 countries on earth , and 189 of them are smaller than the UK in the terms you speak of. And not only that, three quarters of those do just fine by themselves.
They all need to be deselected. Brexit has exposed just how corrupt our politicians are. The time for the two party Labour and Conservative domination MUST come to an end. They are traitors.
"This would have serious implications for women as workers, consumers and as users of public services (if the government responds by cutting public spending even further)."
What’s his plan if the no confidence vote passes (it won’t) ? Go back and renegotiate a better Brexit deal (he can’t) ? Tories are in disarray and Labour still can’t take advantage. I know it’s an unpopular opinion in Liverpool, but don’t think Corbyn is the man.
I’m afraid until she is truly challenged by the opposition and putting an end to this Tory Brexit debacle and con job,they have us all over a barrel and will continue to do so. :(
Because France is doing so well.
Was the Brexit date really set to avoid EU tax avoidance laws? It seems not | Vox Political
I blame Brexit.
She is listening to Labour's friends of Isreal and the rasicst fascist DM .
Well she is in archaic Westminster. Scotland is better off in EU than Broken Brexit Britain. Sooner we are free of the farce that is the UK the better.
Precise &amp; something the #leave #Gullibles can't grasp
Hold a Second Brexit Referendum
She would say that wouldn’t she?!
Brexit Loss for U.K.'s May Means Pain for Business, Say Tax Advisers
If all the 17.4 million that voted leave all want no deal then I wouldn't be against that but there's no evidence to suggest that they all wanted that. There were many different forms of brexit and we need to go back to the people to check if no deal is what they really want a PV
Your friendly neighbourhood anti-Brexit hairdressing salon? #Brexit #BrexitShambles
Only a General election can extend Article 50!! And here is why... #Brexit #BrexitShambles #GeneralElectionNow #Article50
No deal brexit all the way
The latest The AFPADude Daily! Thanks to #china #brexit
Labour is less likely to deliver a hard brexit/no deal, so will be favoured by remainers ??? The wealth gap has widened dramatically under the conservatives ??? Those who voted leave due to Tory austerity ??? Do you thing a labour government unify ??? I’m surprised by poll result
UK Prime Minister Theresa May’s plan to enter into cross-party Brexit discussions without the official opposition leader Jeremy Corbyn, has been widely condemned by MPs and political commentators on social media. JEREMY CORBYN IS THE OPPOSITION LEADER HAVE RESPECT !
So why are they not applying it to non-white people who oppose Brexit? The whole point of the phrase is that it is describing white people with blood vessels showing through their skin that have a certain point of view. It is racist.
He made a few quid on the #Brexit vote I would expect. And no, it’ll all be on expenses. I’d bet he barely touches his salary from one month to the next.
Onus on Westminster to find Brexit solutions - Varadkar via
Your red lines are fine but hers aren’t. Got you.
you are labouring under a very false assumption that party trump EU outcome. millions will vote liberal if labour remain brexit
Brexit vote defeat - British Ports Association warns on 'disorderly withdrawal' from the EU #MaritimeNews #Marine #Maritime #ShipManagement #Shipping #Brexit #Vessels
The DWP used Brexit to sneak out another benefit cut | The Canary
#May and #Corbyn face off ahead of no-confidence vote #Brexit
What the EU Wants to Hear from the U.K. Now
I liked a video What Happens Now May's Deal Was Rejected? - Brexit Explained
Trumpski did a Game of Thrones trope the other day about his wall and it flew like a Led Zeppelin. ( Originally coined by Keith Moon when Jimmy Page told him about his new band, The New Yardbirds!)
I LOVE BREXIT #PMQs
‘People were LIED to’ Macron attacks ‘manipulated’ Brexit vote after May’s deal rejected
#Brexit is bollocks, twats and cock-ups personified.
#GameCentral Preview/Interview
Steve Hilton: Original intent of Brexit - restoring freedom and sovereignty - buried by inept bureaucrats
PMQs: Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn on poverty and inequality | Jeremy Corbyn said the government is not just "failing" on Brexit, as he asked her about poverty levels and if she will... |
The PM has said that she will table another #Brexit proposal "next week", if the government survives the #ConfidenceVote (as is very likely). 1/2
Brexit Britain sends out a 'Mayday': After the defeat of May's deal, our only real option is to put the matter back to the British public with a referendum.
Brexit: Where will the UK end up: fudge, no-deal exit or halting Brexit?
on #Brexit. would accept any (bad) deal cuz #EU love him &amp; as we know, #NoDeal is far, far better for us than a #BadDeal. Release the shackles, and head for a brighter future... #NoDealBrexit #NoDealNoProblem #WTOBrexit #Leave
Follow your brain will thank you. (and possibly your pocketbook)
Fucking sneering contemptuous twats. I bet you don't hear a single remainer whinging about these old codgers having a sodding vote though Remainer Lords will hijack Brexit and force Britain to stay in EU customs union
MPs alone won’t solve the Brexit deadlock. We need a citizens’ assembly | Lisa Nandy and Stella Creasy
Brexit vs Brexit is NOT a choice
MPs alone won’t solve the Brexit deadlock. We need a citizens’ assembly | Lisa Nandy and Stella Creasy #NEWS
PMQs: Theresa May and Ken Clarke on Brexit red lines | Conservative MP Ken Clarke told the prime minister she must consider changing course on Brexit, and to think again on her options. He... |
waiting for the pound to drop bc of brexit so i can get some cheap merch hehe
The electorate did not really choose Brexit. Or Trump, for that matter. But the point stands, I suppose.
Brexit vote: European 'surprise' at scale of defeat
Would it be fair to say Brexit will do long term damage to UK economy. Trumpismo is resulting in long term damage to US government?
Look, your disregarding my whole point. People who support #Brexit love to say that the ‘people voted leave’ which is evidently not true.
Its time for politicians to stop f******g around - a hard Brexit would seriously damage UK retail, according to 's latest predictions, with UK non-food losing a forecast £2.3bn in a hard Brexit scenario, vs. a Brexit based on the Withdrawal Agreement.
This tweet appears 2 b getting likes from Brexit supporters? I do not support Brexit, it was a coup that played on ignorance, anger &amp; a lot of misunderstanding. I'm just pragmatic &amp; genuinely want to know how we can prevent it; I'm just not necessarily convinced by #PeoplesVote
I fully understand politics is integral in society and affects pretty much everything... ...but am i the only person who just doesnt give a flying fuck about it all? #Brexit #Brexitvote
As Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn tries to seize the keys to Downing Street we have a look at how a Labour government could impact stocks and financial markets. #Labour #Brexit #trading #markets
How does Brexit affect the pound?
"This country fought a world war. We raised from the ashes." The glorification of WWII in the 1950s/60s/70s, i.e. Dad's army, Colditz etc., has a lot to answer for.
It's a REMAIN lie! WTO BREXIT is well defined &amp; can be a smooth transition with minimal disruption to trade- without need for political union nor surrender of British sovereignty! May should be required to embrace WTO or fall in loss of confidence vote!
No they must stick to party polictyand go for a general election and Labour brexit Whose side are you on ?
true brexit 17 m 49m voters most where stopped by uk tory ex pm 66m uk humans now 17m rule 66m
Glorious piece of comedy writing!
The latest Ondernemen!! #brexit #duurzaamheid
#brexit playoffs it is.. best two out of three..
I have to admit I’m in the dark about understanding this whole Brexit thing. Need to do research I suppose, but can someone in layman’s terms tell me if it’s considered a good thing or bad thing for Putin? That’s all I need to know. I totally understand my country &amp; Trump/Putin.
CANCEL BREXIT. FIRE FARAGE INTO THE SUN. HAVE A NICE CUP OF TEA AND A DROP OF CAKE. #THETRANSAGENDA
Find some way to lead a x-party #ExitBrexit please please please.#Remain #RevokeArticle50
PM told 'everything has changed' on referendum | While thousands of people protested outside Westminster as the Brexit vote took place, none were calling for a Norway or Canada style... |
The latest The Evening Scoop! Thanks to #brexit #brexitvote
I'm not party to his inner thoughts. I imagine he thinks a GE would address the reasons people voted brexit. If no GE, then taking both May's brexit and no deal off the table somehow, maybe through a second referendum, though it carries the real risk of being a disasterous repeat
I’m inferring that voters need better debate than the 2016 ref offered. A 2nd ref would mean such lies cannot be told without the person looking like a Jeremy Hunt. And as for the voters voting for a no deal catastrophe Brexit, that is not what the Hunts at Vote Leave promised
#ThingsThatAreBadForYourHealth brexit
Historian: Queen Should Suspend Parliament to Stop Anti-Brexit Plots via
January window solution suorted. #COYS #THFC
Phillip Schofield in shock as woman stockpiles months of food in fear of Brexit
“S***. Burying the svenpocalypse in the Brexit melee didn’t work. Engineer some good news and get it out sharpish” Raul &amp; Vinny, 2019
Jesus, Vince Cable is talking drivel..u declared urselves the anti #Brexit party &amp; u’re now polling at 6%..now he wants to drag #Labour down &amp; guarantee the hardest of Brexits whilst under #Tory austerity rule..the only growth industry will be in body bags #NoConfidenceDebate
And then we have the "Yellow-Vests" protesting in France and the rest of Europe for the same reason. We really need to fix the establishment. I never thought an old conservative like me would say that.
By the looks of it, this Brexit thing has hit O’Brien hard. He looks like he’s been sleeping rough and generally spending too much time outdoors. A bit of a gammon thing going on, there.
Ultimately, the vast majority of people living on the island of Ireland want no Brexit, no hard border: via
The one upside of a no-deal Brexit will be putting Britain’s meat industry out of business
Elite's worldwide think they know better than the people and will happily abolish democracy when and if they can.
Amb. Stuart Eizenstat says on call that the UK should not depend on a "rapid" US free trade deal to save them from hard #Brexit. No replacement for the EU
Then Override Putin's work .....If you're a Patriot of this Country....
How are things going with the whole “innovative jam” thing? Not seen it mentioned in a while. #Brexit
Brexit was the choice of the people not the government. The people of Great Britain overall voted to leave the EU. That vote should be respected by the government. In this case it is not the responsibility of the government to take that choice away from us.
Theresa May and Parliament be like:
#Brexit from adversity comes, Opportunity for Irish farmers to grow wheat with Brexit looming Opportunity for Irish farmers to grow sugar beet again with Brexit looming Imports from UK €19b 26% Exports to UK €18b 11% Problem?
This is true. Until Trump takes us out of NATO.
Only a General election can extend Article 50!! And here is why... #Brexit #BrexitShambles #GeneralElectionNow #Article50
what a time to be alive
Ok say Labour call for a PV and Brexit wins again, who are these people going to blame then I wonder, also it will enable the hard Brexiteers.
WRAPUP-Companies cry out for Brexit clarity, warn on no-deal | LONDON (Reuters) – Furious companies facing weeks more uncertainty over an ever closer Brexit lashed out at politicians on... |
I liked a video Jacob REES-MOGG vs James O'BRIEN on BREXIT - LBC
The UK wants to keep the benefits of other EU members without the duties in Europe. That's a no no. Hard Brexit would sound better than all these deals. #BrexitShambles
25% of Britons are thick as shit #BrexitVote #NoConfidence
Sold on a lie, they tried to make BREXIT work. They couldn't. Admit failure to the people and submit to a second vote. Its called democracy and it works. Look at Denmark!
Which kind of proves we dont need trade deals with the likes of Australia then, if no deal is so wonderful we should stay in EU and continue to trade with Australia under no deal. You have just short circuited one of the prime arguments for brexit.
Theresa May’s carefully negotiated deal with the EU has been rejected by parliament. What happens next? #Brexit #Inestments
Caught up with Robin for lunch. Can't believe he's been gone 2 months already! I feel slightly calmer about Brexit with him in the mix. Almost certain he always wears trousers to work despite what the picture suggests.
Oh boy. This is fun. #Brexit is like Turkeys voting for Christmas day. God, what have we got ourselves into? #brexitdebate
The lies and the cheating just have to stop now! Or at least there must be consequences, independent adjudicated for those caught. Integrity is the only thing we ask for from our Government and politicians, is that really too much to ask?
Another great piece from ; but I am now so fed up with #Brexit - gone is the usual laughter after reading, replaced by a hysterical cry for the apocalyptic riders!
All eminently achievable with little effort from our duplicitous MPs, a few emails from No. should do it
(Umm... Search on for Nigel Farage after Brexit's crushing defeat?) Search on for Brexit consensus after May's crushing defeat
Vince Cable speaking for the whole country saying we don’twant a nodeal Brexit, how dare he? MPs have decided no deal is unacceptable not the British people.#NoConfidenceMotion
Amber, there appears to be a straightforward solution to the Brexit Deal impasse already embedded in the Brexit documents which could be used to remove the backstop problem. It just needs elevating. See proposal at
In a nutshell: she lost a bit of confidence that she needed MPs to support in order for her to push her Brexit deal through....without is, the debate continues... 2nd referendum or a no deal...the next step is difficult to ascertain....
Agree
My understanding is, England's "capacity for undertaking a no-confidence vote" is overrated: the utterly ludicrous Theresa May will easily survive it despite having just had her Brexit deal rejected by 230 votes, b/c of the same partisan incentives perpetuating Trump's shutdown.
Should there be a second Brexit referendum?
Whatever one thinks about the merits of this, at least there’s an actual opposition at Westminster &amp; it has the guts to challenge the governing party. Meanwhile, &amp; use Brexit as an excuse to continue propping up the FG govt. Pathetic.
A few choice words be Her Majesty could make all the difference.
What language is this?
Well you should
Know what, it would be clever if the Scottish Govt stopped every lorry entering and leaving Scotland to apply the same sort of time frame being outside of the customs union would bring. There would be a shit load of angry hauliers, but as for brexit - I dont see them saying shit
Tusk as good as admitted the strategy was to negotiate an unacceptable deal to force UK into staying. If this backfires to hard Brexit, the blame will lie squarely with the EU strategists. It is the EU that now needs to do some quick thinking to avoid such economic disruption.
First, an election wouldn’t heal the country. Second, it isn’t possible to negotiate a Brexit deal that’s substantially different from Theresa May’s, or one that the country can get behind.
Got this email from my UK accounting firm this morning on the disruption no deal #Brexit will cause. Multiply this chaos by every business in the UK. It’s insanity
Horrible to watch - I now think she has to go
The kind of hard core #Brexit supporters suddenly saying "why can't we just get everyone around a table and figure it out?" are exactly the same sort of people who sue McDonald's for making then fat.
U seen this?
Billboard campaign reminds voters of MPs' Brexit promises
If you're interested in politics but need some restorative calm in your life, have a listen to the Speaker of the House of Commons #JohnBercow talk about art in #MyFavouriteWorkofArt podcast. On iTunes or here: #Brexit #NoConfidenceMotion #PMQs
The public voted to leave in an in/out referendum, backed up by a GE. You voted to invoke Article 50, which was a clear choice between a negotiated withdrawal agreement or no deal. You have voted against the deal. Trying to wriggle out is simply not accepting the result. #Brexit
One of the things that plank type #Brexit fans can’t appreciate is that in the EU your back is watched. Here we see Ireland being supported in the face of a lunatic, self-harming neighbour. Strength in numbers, of course. #StopBrexit #RevokeArticle50
The dust has settled. Only to be stirred up again, tonight. Whatever the outcome, damage has been done. It's a catastrophe, both for the UK and the EU. But, there is still a glimmer of hope! (This upload should also include the first two line...) Here is my #Brexit Poem Nr. 3:
Hi Amy, sorry I don't understand why you're referencing France in this way? This is a discussion about Brexit, not a whataboutism debate.
the Florence foster Jenkins line is pitch perfect (unlike her, obvs)
Historian: Queen Should Suspend Parliament to Stop Anti-Brexit Plots
will need to get his transformative social agenda through. Read more: Twitter: | Facebook:
But she’s no good at actually connecting with people, especially anyone outside her circle. She and Umunna would have nothing to talk about for that reason as well as their visions of Brexit being completely different.
Just cancel #Brexit. It's going to be shit for everyone except the vultures who keep their money abroad.
Basically, May and the other globalists completely ignored the results of the Brexit election.
Brexit and Trump are one and the same. We're both screwed.
It was intentional, to put us off voting to leave, but Brexit isn't complicated and could have been settled in two months.
British MPs are being trolled with posters featuring their own words
This is Brexit: Volkskrant columnist Bert Wagendorp “It is almost certainly the case that in recent European history, absent a threat of actual war, no country has landed itself in such complete and utter chaos”
Exactly, and we are suppose to believe these guys will take the streets and grind us all into dust if each of their different versions of Brexit arent all delivered. They want one vote and then to run away and leave it to others to deliver the impossible.
My favourite thing about the #Brexitdeal is listening to this man
TM you are a bare faced Liar Liar your the one who took money from these people who can ill afford it, This Brexit vote was advisory so again more lies We have no police no army you are disgusting what you have done to this country.
There is nothing more you can say apart from that No Deal Brexit appears to attract old men in favour of upskirting.
I don’t think you understand the gravity of respecting the referendum result. Unfortunately the MPs abdicated their responsibility to the people , the people spoke , time to implement. Default brexit tick tock .
If it’s a vote, then it’s a democracy...duh. Every 4 to 5 years democracies do vote again. And if results are questionable then, in a democracy, another vote IS held. It’s called a run-off. Brexit is a disaster, and the public themselves say they didn’t understand the vote.
D66. The D stands for daft.
British politics goes over a cliff
And Brexit!
Billboard campaign reminds voters of MPs' Brexit promises
#Brexit promises
Hey Chris, I wrote this tongue-in-cheek poem on Brexit, from my point of view as a European from the continent living in the UK. Feel free to RT it if you like it x
Conservative Unionists Never-ending Totalitarianism, Scotland?
Carmaker JLR urges UK lawmakers to prevent a no-deal Brexit | A worker arrives at Jaguar Land Rover's Halewood Plant in Liverpool, Britain, January 10, 2019. REUTERS/Phil Noble LONDON... |
Why on Earth does Shelagh say that people like are "Hard Brexiteers". these people only want Brexit to mean leaving the Customs Union, Single Market and the ECJ. If that makes you a "Hard Brexiteer" almost everyone who voted "Leave" is a "Hard Brexiteer"!
leave it to former Rhodes Scholar Tony Abbott to have the dumbest brexit take
General Election is on the way, powerless PM warned by minister - our first edition splash by
Enjoy
Maybe Brexit people know something we don't and have an order book with food producers around the world who they can call up and have deliver their weekly shop. Just a book a charter flight for some South African oranges, bit of lamb from NZ and some cabbages from China.
"My deal delivers the Brexit people voted for, a country that works for everyone, a fairer Britain" But Mrs May we voted leave, not for a deal "My deal delivers a country that works for everyone, delivers, stronger together delivers, everyone, fairer" NURSE PLEASE COME QUICKLY
Yes PLEASE REMEMBER YOU’RE ENGLISH
you don't even know he has been the most inflexible about brexit talks since mid-2017. europeist leader are disgusted that the english voted for the brexit. so they want british people to suffer from it and to be 'punished' by a hard brexit, as a lesson to the other europeans.
Apparently we should rejoice......
thanks for having me on your show yesterday! It's been quite chaotic watching the Brexit vote -here we refer to it as 'shambles'- and was a pleasure to speak with you and your audience about what's happening in Britain!
I have signed the People’s Vote Petition to demand a vote on the Brexit deal. We, the people, have the democratic right to determine our own future: #PeoplesVote via
Thanks to Mrs May's bungling of Brexit, divisions over trade could split the Tories in two via
Gavin will be speaking to on tonight at 5pm about Brexit and planning application which takes place at 6pm (watch the meeting on the 3CR Facebook page…)
Rees Mogg selling snake oil, peddling lies and misrepresentation is what irritates O'Brien. He should be given a hard time for his disingenuous presentation of Brexit James O'Brien wipes Rees Mogg
Government ‘sneaks out’ £7,000 pension cut for poorest elderly couples ahead of Brexit vote.
She was only thinking of her selfish self, her globalist pals and a deluded deal with the EU that was quite clearly made for the trash bin. There are many very intelligent ppl in the UK who saw her Brexit deal as a clear danger to our democracy.
That’s the underlying problem with Brexit vote - both sides think they are Doug what’s best for the country and it’s a 50/50 split ... solutions aren’t easy
The U.S. has only the SECOND most dysfunctional government in the world. Yipeee!!
Citi's Fordham: The tailwind risks for the UK have gone up #Brexit #Political risks #Vox Populi
Brexit: Where will the UK end up: fudge, no-deal exit or halting Brexit?
Brexit: Where will the UK end up: fudge, no-deal exit or halting Brexit? (Reuters)
Only a General election can extend Article 50!! And here is why... #Brexit #BrexitShambles #GeneralElectionNow #Article50
Theresa May has found blaming everyone else is the way to summize what happened to Brexit. She must have called to get instructions on handling defeat.
Fab wording ‚when Scotland is independent‘. You have to love . #brexit #DissolveTheUKUnion #indyref2
All editions of the AWICS Scotland News are at Recent editions refer to #ukhousing #localgov #Scotland #Brexit #welfare #rent #NHS #homelessness
Nor did we ask for it Same as the Black Death Brexit's different - it's (if it happens) self-inflicted
I liked a video What Happens Now May's Deal Was Rejected? - Brexit Explained
Why would he move his investment fund to an EU member? You really are gullible if you think that he doesn’t bet on the price of sterling. I wonder how much money he made the day of the brexit results? Can you answer what JOB has to gain from the Uk staying a member of the EU?
But the people you vote for change nothing. They are there because you are voting for the best liar. There is noone in the UK I would trust with handling brexit right now. Noone at all. They are all useless.
The UK House of Commons looks fun! #brexit
A humiliating Brexit defeat, but May will likely stagger on PM Thersa Mary May, will at least stagger, she will not stumble!
Another out of touch MP, a living proof of why none of the sides understood the real reasons behind the Brexit vote.
I agree with Prime Minister May an election now is a waste of time. The Mps need to stop being selfish looking for perfect Brexit and work together. UK economy is at risk and reputation worldwide.
They way I see it is, the DUP will always select the most British option always due to their m insecurity around being genuinely British. A no deal Brexit is the most British option
Brexit this , independence that . We’re totally fucked either way with the politicians we have in Scotland and Britain . All for themselves and their agenda and not about the people . Democracy my arse #FuckedIt
Theresa May lost the Brexit vote because Brexit was a lie via
I’m fascinated as to how that might be the case. How does Dominic benefit from his position on Brexit?
No it isn’t !
Dear comedians who tweet relentlessly, seeking to wring their validations from the brown Brexit fruit every bloody day with a po-faced grandstanding of moral superiority. Please take a breath, and pick from another tree for a bit.
EU opens door to further Brexit trade negotiations if Theresa May ditches red lines
First the #Brexit vote and then there was this #BigMac landmark case. The EU will never be the same.
The BBC are not going to put the likes Lord Bamford on there are they now someone that successful who openly supports Brexit WTO option or Dyson are they now NO
seems plausible !!! #Mey #MadMax
Brexit - Where will the UK end up: fudge, no-deal exit or halting Brexit?
It seems Brexit started about the same time as trump/Russia!!!!!!!
We need a Labour government.
This is the reason why Brexit can't be failed. There's still this notion that the UK of today is as powerful as it was in the Victorian period.
Business as usual - no point in thinking otherwise at the moment. Even if BREXIT happens theres a period of changeover. The World won’t end on the fateful day.
We always knew what we know now. All the difficulties have been manufactured by remainers running Brexit.
Anyone need a #Brexit break? We have lovely low season dates available for January, February and March. 3 night weekends £220 4 night midweeks £250 7 nights £320
Nice tan there Dave... #trottersup #nice
How the #brexit vote could affect #fintech and diversity in London via
Groundhog Day again. We’re all doomed (except those with money stashed overseas)
No border at all would be even better... (not that you're not loved ) via
Theresa May’s Brexit plan suffered a huge defeat. What comes next? - BBC News US
The hard Brexit gang, similar to the Mafia, Don Vito Corleone " And if by chance an honest man like yourself should make enemies then they would become my enemies..&amp; then they will fear you" #Remainers though are adamantine,&amp; fear not #Brexiteers who are Sleeping with the fishes.
Think nothing could be more surreal than today's parliamentary nightmare over Brexit? Wrong. Here, to celebrate her birthday, is Ethel Merman singing a deathless classic. IN CLAYMATION.
Nobody said it was easy It's such a shame for us to part Nobody said it was easy No one ever said it would be this hard Oh take me back to the start (Coldplay) #brexitsoundtrack
January window solutions sorted. #COYS #THFC
What ‘young people?’ You sound about 100 years old. Plenty of young people are doing quite well thanks and will do so whatever the future holds because we are grafters and innovators. Change doesn’t scare us! Brexit = opportunity.
Biased Bullshit Company
the one thing i don’t get about Brexit is why doesn’t Britain just leave? seems wimpy to pay the EU. im not in favor of the whole thing but the obvious solution is to bail on bill and have other countries hate you for a few decades.
isn't half a joke how the 3 ringleaders of brexit, Cameron, Johnson and Farage, have all fucked off and avoided any sense of responsibility over it
Mainstream media &amp; remoaner politicians all talking about the shortsighted, short-term #BREXIT implications &amp; not about the amazing LONG-TERM ethical moral benefits of #HARDBREXIT - GROW UP !!!! #UK #EU #government #politics #economy
DONALD 'I' ALSO 'HAVE' TO 'REPORT' TO 'YOU' THAT THE '#MexicanMuslims' ARE 'TRYING' TO 'STEAL #Brexit' FROM THE 'RIGHTEOUS #NoDealBrexit DEMANDING #GreatBritish PEOPLE'! 'WE' 'MUST' 'STOP' 'THEM'! 'WE' 'MUST' 'MAKE BREXIT GREAT AGAIN'! #NUKEMM #NUKEREMOANERS #ThanksTrump #MAGA
Petition: Brexit re article 50 it must not be suspended/stopped under any circumstances
presentation to CEO forum. Discussions on brexit loan scheme and SME lending
nail, head. even leavers know if there was a second referendum they would lose hence why they are all so against it. if they thought they had a chance at least one leaver would say 'bring it on'. everyone knows the 'will of the people' has changed, we just can't prove it. #brexit
What about the bus ? we give £350m a week to the EU that is a fact, thousands are not leaving the NHS because of brexit though are they? They’re leaving because it’s an impossible job due to the demands put on nurses and doctors through sheer weight of numbers. Remain also broke
If Trump doesn't work for Russia, does he work for Putin?
More long-term damage from Brexit? I don't think so. They may be fighting to save their economy, we are fighting to save our democracy, and we don't know how either will be resolved.
You should stand for election, you'll make a great candidate. If you fit the relevant criteria give it a shot. Dont waste ( all ) your education on pursuing something out of your control or able influence. Credit to you though for challenging and shining a truth light on Brexit.
I think Mr Goldstein is deluded saying we're being over sensitive to the threat of Corbyn and Labour. The German Jews said it couldnt happen in their ' civilised' country. With this country in a mess over Brexit our use as scapegoats could arise again
Only a General election can extend Article 50!! And here is why... #Brexit #BrexitShambles #GeneralElectionNow #Article50
#ToryMenace 'They aren't being strung along by Corbyn's ambiguity, and they aren't secret Leninists hoping to raise communism from the wreckage of a no-deal Brexit'
Brexit vote: What just happened and what comes next?
Theresa May's historic defeat
the fact that he ia brit is neither here nor there but britain does have it's fair share of dumb citizens, the criminally stupid brexit is a case in point
Writing lots of pieces about different aspects of Brexit and responding to the state of the negotiations at the time isn't the same as being inconsistent though. I don't really see the contradiction in any of those headlines (and they are only headlines)
You have to see this video: "The guy who's against a second referendum definitely holds his ground, he's got it: "We've got the people, to rebuilt!"... et en France, aussi!
Conservative MP Ken Clarke told the prime minister she must consider changing course on Brexit, and to think again on her options. He said she should reconsider ruling out a no deal,...
Anti-brexit propagandists can't fit economic figures with their fake doom narrative...
The latest The SINCREO Daily! #agi #brexit
2: yet you still manage to trade 4: The architect of GFA (Trimble) said that "Brexit does not interfere with the operation of the GFA" - WTO said no need for a hard border - ROI said no hard border required - Britain said no hard border - who is going to build it, and why?
Shocking scenes at #PMQs in England. #ArleneFoster of #DUP has just entered #HouseofCommons in #Westminster almost nude and appeared in only what can be described as an orange “ass harness” to accentuate her fishnets-covered buttocks to distract from #brexit blackmail by them.
this is why asks questions on things other than Brexit.
Better surely to put all Govt focus in WTO Brexit....let EU do the chasing??
We won’t be leaving so it’s a great time, and the article is probably bullshit to anger brexit snowflakes
In all honesty, I have a hard time seeing #humour in #Brexit. It’s just prolonged suffering for everyone.
Brexit vote: 'Are we witnessing Britain's biggest political crisis of modern times? Absolutely yes.' via
Sign the petition: No deal Brexit: medicine shortage? via
Exactly except in Plymouth the labour MP wont vote for Brexit in anyway whatsoever even though his constituents voted keave by 60/40. Total disgrace
Yes. Millions of us Femi. #StopBrexit #PeoplesVote
You are joking aren't you Beth, Make Theresa May SQUIRM ? She doesn't have the capacity.
The latest MARION STEGGLES COLLECTION! #metoo #brexit
Is it me, or did that Brexit vote announcement where the count was declared seem like a Monty python skit.
Border at Irish ports? Is that what Taoiseach has agreed with EU? Seemed to be hinting at that...but does Cabinet know where all those customs officers will be located? Ross seems in the dark.
So fed up with all the backstabbing going on in parliament at the moment #Brexit
I fully support &amp; her push to deliver #Brexit! #EnoughIsEnough w/ these Pro-EU jackasses that are hell-bent on kowtowing to the EU; ignoring the British majority who voted LEAVE! #BrexitMeansBrexit Get it done! Screw &amp; !
If they are intent on brexit. Why not postpone it. Revoke article 50, properly prepare and research what would be needed. Revisit in 10 yrs or so. We should be independent by then surely.
#Brexit #PlanB is very #lowquality #TheresaMay ( ’s idea, my lo implementation)
Beware of political cults &amp; Theresa May’s #Brexit failures (E880) RT — Watching the Hawks
Cameron you are a twat!not regretting the ref. Shame on you #Cameron #Brexit
Corbyn says May should do the right thing and resign, May said an election is not in the general interest. Surprisingly I agree with both statements #Brexit #PeoplesVote
Please tell me, what specific benefits you expect from Brexit. I don't mean "we're going to rule us ourselves again" but specific things that you think are going to be better in the future because of Brexit. Also: how do you think Brexit should happen?
Brexit, more like Brex-shit Folks,
Pro-independence types in Scotland waiting for the Brexit saga to play out
DUP should refuse to support the Conservatives again until May is replaced, she is the problem, she doesn't believe in Brexit and will do anything to keep us shackled to the EU.
I would vote for Tim Martin to be our next Prime Minister.
MPs call to expand post-Brexit green programme across whole government: Climate Home #environment | More w/ Eco-Search:
This is a good summing up by Macron on Brexit. Depressing.
But in a sense even that is irrelevant, as the most important thing to do is sort this out. I see your approach to that is attempting political point scoring on Twitter. Exactly how will that ensure adequate medical supplies in the event of a no deal Brexit?
Cable says that "No Deal", what he really means is "WTO terms" must be stopped, the fact Cable says it shows what is actually meant by those who want to stop a WTO terms exit, IT'S THE ONLY EXIT THAT DELIVERS BREXIT it really is that simple. WTO terms deniers = remainers.
thankfully the only thing financial markets will learn from BREXIT is humans are horrible at finance. Now an Octopus without mincing tentacles, would have said, stop playing God #Brexit #Financial
Did anyone see the distraught man with a UKIP banner being consoled by a woman decked in EU regalia outside the Tesco Metro?
Billboard campaign reminds voters of MPs' Brexit promises
Where does it say in the constitution that you have a General Election? Only wonts this and it’s nothing to do with #brexit . We had elections in 2015 and 2017, we don’t need another.
Brexit Britain sends out a 'Mayday' | Anti-Brexit and pro-Brexit protesters argue outside the Houses of Parliament, before a vote on Prime Minister Theresa May's... |
The latest The The Moor Daily! Thanks to #brexit #politicslive
Bully MP exemplifies everything that’s wrong with Labour Party tribalism &amp; safe seats in this loathsome rant, bringing Labour into greater disrepute. “The real enemies are the Conservatives”, he says. Are you actually listening to yourself Richard?
“May says a general election will not help the country find a solution to Brexit. And a Labour government would not help either, she says.” Oh, I guess that means it will then. You complete failure of a human.
No Deal Brexit on 29 March will be just the ticket then. Let’s get on with it.
The issue of Brexit is best solved by you and me. We need a second referendum.
We need two parties. One for #Brexit and one against. Labour and the Conservative party are refusing to honour their manifesto commitments so can f off.
James Rowbury, Investment Research Coordinator, on market reaction to the result of last night's Brexit vote:
It is impossible to answer a question that has no answer
Init ?
Can you give an example of an EU compromise? The WA looks like the sort of settlement, complete with reparations, that would be imposed on a defeated foe.
A thread. A thread that solves everything...
Hi, Are you looking for #frontend #Developer like: #psd to #html #create #psd, #sketch, #xd, #ai to html #website #responsive #bootstrap4 #landingpage Hire Here #GoesBetterWithCoffee #wednesdaythoughts #Manbij #Min #Holly #Karen #Pence Thanks
Poor leadership. Poor outcome made worse by apocalyptic prophesies of the consequences of Brexit - which compromised Britain's moral, morale and negotiating power
He does really . Old Etonians eh? You gotta laugh haven’t you. Look at the Rees-mogg. My word, what a long streak of piss he is . It’s all an abstract to them isn’t it ? Old Estonians on the other hand , well..chalk and cheese . Not particularly machiavellian so I’m told.
'At some point...surely Amber Rudd or whoever should have gone round and given May “The Talk”. Along the lines of: “Babe, true friends tell you the truth, amirite? ...you literally have no majority. So…you need to stop acting like Mariah Carey, OK?" '
Also; #brexit #BrexitShambles #brexitdebate #BrexitChaos I feel like the message here is appropriate.
No, but Farrage is.. The drama started with the Brexit referendum. That campaign was spear headed by the UKIP, whose leader was Farrage. The Brits were tricked into a vote by false propaganda. A little too complex to tweet in 280 chars..
And they call themselves 'patriots' when they're merely small-minded nationalists.
You put the UK in this position with your lies and xenophobia. There was never going to be a “marvelous” deal. You would have known that as a competent MEP, so either you ignored that, or you were too stupid. Either way, piss off. #BrexitShambles #brexit #Brexitdeal
A polite request from Europe: wake us up when you know what you want from Brexit | Joris Luyendijk
Not just me that thinks that then...
She's a lucky girl because apparently after brexit the UK will have no bacon all channel ferries are going to sink and there not one single flight in or out
Macron reasonably about #Brexit
Love Big Dave
. Brexit should have been accompanied with the deselection and draining of the Westminster Elite. Our politicians are not fit for purpose and are subverting the democratic will of the people. #Brexit
Davis: No Brexit delay, seek free trade deal, step up for WTO
Almost lost in amongst all the #Brexit chaos, UK Inflation fell to its lowest level in close on two years according to latest figures:
Jacqui is right. In the case of GE’s we don’t redo the same election. It’s a different one every 5 years, often involving different leaders, manifestos etc. Very different to just not accepting the result of GE, which is what you’re trying to do with Brexit.
The British people are tired of dysfunctional party politics, of short term press release politics says both front benches have failed to deliver Brexit and the route forward
Why is no-one trying to fix the causes of Brexit if they want Brexit to go away? #AskPeston
We have had similar crap over Pole Tax demonstrators. We may have some again sadly. T. May now trying to do deal with Corbyn to avoid no deal Brexit. So we may end up having even worst deal then the one rejected last night. What a mess.
No one rains on my parade. Or guests.
Your current Brexit policy being to support Brexit a second election will not solve the issue for the 49 million that did NOT vote for Brexit and that u r ignoring. Conflating the 2 is dishonest politics, naive at best
FREE PALESTINE BOYCOTT ISRAELLI APARTHEID WORST THAN SOUTH AFRICA AND NAZI
It's pretty well nailed on that Mrs May will survive tonight's vote. It's up to Labour to prevent a damaging #Brexit and they will need to work with other parties and Tory Rebels. Time to reach across the aisle. The clock is ticking.
A humiliating Brexit defeat, but May will likely stagger on: Just 24 hours after incurring…
Thanks. That would be by far the best way forward for all of us.
Send me your literature, I want to join the struggle. Spot on
Do you want a People's Vote? #Brexit #StandUp4Brexit
Not true. Brexit was always going to happen. We are not fans of fascism here.
Hi, Are you looking for #frontend #Developer like: #psd to #html #create #psd, #sketch, #xd, #ai to html #website #responsive #bootstrap4 #landingpage Hire Here #GoesBetterWithCoffee #wednesdaythoughts #Manbij #Min #Holly #Karen #Pence Thanks
No doubt carefully 'randomly selected' using Question Time techniques!
Brexit, Oscar Wilde and Ireland: a German perspective
Just as with the right-wing Brexiteers, this is idealistic fantasy against a backdrop of cold, hard reality. We’re seeing that Brexit is pretty much undeliverable in any responsible way; the economic impact of it would make all but the most radical socialism impossible.
Brexit: EU opens door to further trade negotiations if Theresa May ditches red lines. The EU promptly said "how disappointed they are on not accepting the Chequers deal". Of course, they bloody well are, it kept the UK in the EU and under their thumb for ever. Walk now.
Politicians R the same all me in.Then the voter vote 4 BREXIT,they say we know better than Voters.Want a DO OVER.Make BREXIT difficult.Dont give the opasition a win!Doesn't loyalty to country come B4 their party?I guess not.
For the SNP to signal confidence in a Conservative government like this is very disappointing. Voting with the architects of austerity against a party to their left is shocking. Brexit atmosphere or not, supporting the Tories is unacceptable
Brexit as a major website redesign gone ugly: - Rename index2.html to index.html and see what happens - Start again, but we're out of time and budget - Delete everything and go back to the old site One thing is for sure, in real life there's no "coming soon" page to hide behind.
They cannot destroy Brexit as it is now on the statute book and written into British law. What they CAN do is manipulate the British people through project fear to vote for something else. It HAS to come down to the ballot box at some stage or form as that is also Law.
She is a lunatic!
I took part in a citizens' assembly – it could help break the Brexit deadlock | Louise Caldwell
BREXIT: Oxford MP proud to have voted down ‘historically disastrous’ Brexit Deal /#Brexit #PeoplesVote
ICYMI: U.K. faces ‘hard Brexit’, snap election as MP’s reject Prime Minister May’s Brexit deal -
i follow the deliberation on Brexit as aired on BBC daily but i am not actually a fan of comparing what is and what is not. i mean, i dont want to compare Nigeria with other developed countries. one thing i know for sure is that life was better of in the past year than it is now.
Brexit group posts huge billboards of MPs’ quotes around Dover
May has sabotaged #brexit + #Brexiteers in gov are sacrificing it by saving May. want it to pass? It can't if May stays. that means There wont be no deal, there will be NO brexit. Save May. How do you expect someone with no negotiation left to do so? Utter morons. You betrayed UK
Let's all just forget about #Brexit and laugh our socks off at The Geek, it's pure escapism to make you feel better and uplifted! Tickets on sale now from #needabreak #relax #laughmore
Mehnn that's what's gonna happen ooo... i don't think they care as long as it doesn't affect their leagues
I couldn’t really blame her THAT much
No shit
There's a point if you want Brexit and actively want to run down the clock while avoiding having to support a PV that the vast majority of the members want.
Flexibility she gave Eu all they wanted now we leave on WTO and a true Brexit ,that we voted for but traitors like you are trying to overturn the will of the people let’s hope you get deselected
The special Brexit pie my butcher is selling these days looks like one of those dreaded butcher pies which are all puff pastry and no meat inside. Two for one, special offer...
You are correct. Neither Cameron nor May had any intention of delivering Brexit (whatever that actually is).
Subscribe Here to get a few chapters for FREE from the book Please #RT #gold #silver #stocks #trading #trades #markets #Investing #today #rich #education #hope #dreams #Giveaway #free #positivity #focus #goals #life #money #success #fun #levelup #brexit
May faces weeks of no confidence votes if she goes for no-deal via If #TheresaMay can hold out till late February an election could not happen until after March 29
Brexit: Where will the UK end up: fudge, no-deal exit or halting Brexit?
Lmao love all this brexit shit me Watching the news is actually hilarious isn't it
Interesting that Guy chose to tag rather than Corbyn. Does he know something we don't? (We can live in hope).
MPs alone won’t solve the Brexit deadlock. We need a citizens’ assembly | Lisa Nandy and Stella Creasy
Says very recent polls. The current Labour brexit policy is nonsense. The EU won't allow us to have the benefits of it, such as being in a CU and having a close relationship with the SM, unless we are actually in it, its fantasy land thinking. We need a clear brexit policy, a PV
nails the issues at stake. But: these are not impossible problems. They do have [European] solutions. Brexit Budget Gap? &gt; Eurobills, if states are not willing to cover up the hole. NI? &gt; unification referendum.. defense? &gt; you say it...
I'm disgusted by the headline for yesterday's Brexit vote being "Most Crushing Political Defeat in British History." ("May Gets Epic Smackdown!") I don't fucking care how "historical" this "defeat" is, I care about how likely, on the basis of this vote, Brexit will go forward.
Request: If you know a EU citizen or somebody affected by Brexit, don't just say "Oh you will be fine!" unless you actually really know the person's situation. Instead, ask and try to understand why each situation is different and sometimes complicated.
Here's the toll the 26-day-old shutdown is having on the U.S. economy, via …
No indeed. They might even win with May - stranger things have happened. Just think: Mrs May ruling over Brexit Britain until 2024 (!)
All of them are fucking useless. #Brexit exposed 2 things for me. 1. We have a lot of incompetent MPs that serve themselves. 2. They blamed a lot of their short comings on Europe. Where we are right now is pathetic.
#Brexit = All Brits are under a huge fan=the EU membership,blowing vertically up. #Brexteers produces nonsense which like smelling fecal matter floats over due to the generated pressure. #Brexit will be turning off the fan, so everything will fall,all Brits will be dirty&amp;smelly.
She will break both .
You will lose the youth and anti-Brexit party members’ vote you’ve worked so hard to cultivate if you campaign on a manifesto of delivering Brexit - do the right thing - campaign on a #PeoplesVoteNow
What a funny sentiment. When May finally goes: Who will step up and make a fool of himself.
Lol. Twitter netizens never fail to amuse you with their creativity :))
#FFS Supporter will be on this evening to talk about why students and young people want a #PeoplesVote, and why Labour needs to change its Brexit position tonight, at 6:30pm.
16 big predictions about 2019, from Trump’s impeachment to the rise of AI via
May is a CIA insertion.
Theresa May's deal wasn't BREXIT. Let's get this right. IF there was sadly an affront to democracy and another vote and Theresa designed it, I'd suspect the choices would be Remain. Leave and Hover about. #Brexit #BrexitShambles
PartWelsh No Brexit talk in this galaxy please.
Banks Warn of Impending 1930s-Type ‘Catastrophe’ As No-Deal Brexit Looms
Brexit Goes Down in Flames With 10 Weeks Left Until Doomsday
A small part of me doesn't want a Labour government now because I'm gonna spend the next while rooting for someone to sacrifice their political career for the sake of a people's vote/no-brexit-brexit and I hate the idea of Labour throwing itself on the grenade the Tories set off
CAN THERESA MAY MANAGE RESPECT OF AN OPPOSITION LEADER REPRESENTATIVE OF MILLIONS OF VOTERS?
FAO FBPE Stop whining about Corbyn! it's NOT him blocking a peoples vote! Labour MPs have declared their support for a new Brexit referendum as they battle to pressure Labour Party leader Jeremy Corbyn into throwing his weight behind a new public vote.
I meant using world war 2 in context for brexit is disrespectful
TRAITOR'S USED TO BE HUNG
Top scholar’s #residency application rejected after 16 years in UK #Brexit
Last night's vote puts you at 1 July 2016 and Brexit very close indeed. Brussels will be BEGGING for a re-negotiation. But May has to be gone; she had her chances and failed miserably.
He has to say that, or he will get bucket loads of old tyres stacked up at ports and set alight. It’s the sort of comment that makes me want a no deal Brexit. But such actions can not be taken on such whims
Another good day for Putin as turmoil grips US and UK - CNNPolitics #SmartNews
Will &amp; be voting against #Labours MONC after they supported Brexit deal last night Unfortunately for them they are unable to see the woods for the trees, even though the rest of us saw their actions as an exercise in futility
Brexit Britain sends out a 'Mayday': After the defeat of May's deal, our only real option is to put the matter back to the British public with a referendum.
Get used to it after the shambles of brexit they deserve it
Daniel Hannan just on still stating that Brexit is simple....He must think the entire country is stupid
here's your problem.. they're both old as fuck and yet weren't even alive during the war and have no idea the only reason you actually made it is cause Churchill begged for help and gave up whatever Britain had left to get it..
Why won’t they push back Article 50 now before it’s too late. I feel so angry and frustrated with this
Shame on you suggesting today that a no deal brexit would be a good outcome. As one of your more mature constituents I suggest you act in the interests of the younger people in your constituency who would suffer most from a no deal outcome and support #PeoplesVote
the hypocrisy is breathtaking #BrexitChaos
"Companies cry out for Brexit clarity, warn on no-deal" -
That's likely. But if that's what a majority agree with now - now that it's clear what brexit brings with it - the democratic thing to do would be to follow the will of the people and remain in the European Union.
So the plural of no is spelled noes. Thank you #brexit meaningful vote.
What’s your preferred Brexit deal? (I haven’t included continued EU membership)
The Authorrities have created and prolonged all the upset ..Now they are using it as a weapon against brexit....
Brexit: Where will the UK end up: fudge, no-deal exit or halting Brexit? [RTR
Both frontbenches “failed to rise to challenge of delivering Brexit” protests
Carole is doing an excellent job. Also MP. But it should be a relentless front page scandal w a Mueller-type inquiry under way. No MP should dare to claim *We must deliver Brexit* with the hypocrisy of treating a dishonest, tainted, legally advisory ref as a mandate
You're becoming hysterical. You're so far from understanding the real world you may be beyond saving. There's no real prospect of Germans losing out on car production. Demand growth will sustain that and factories elsewhere. Outside the EU UK production will go first! #Brexit
Glad someone is actually holding Boris Johnson accountable for the Brexit mess he created and championed. It's about time.
If the Tories genuinely believe that they govern on behalf of the majority of the British people they would call a General Election to be returned with a clear majority. As a party of the 1% for the 1% they don't command the support of the majority of the UK electorate! #Brexit
We cannot allow our country to be held hostage by a government that will not listen to members of the House or the people of the UK. #Brexit #MayMustResign #NoConfidence
Time to grow a pair step up to the mark and grab the Brexit issues by the throat and sort them
I understand why you're asking that question but the problem has been less about dishonesty and trickery and more about an inadequate PM trying to steer a course between a referendum result she can't ignore and a powerful and establishment, including most MPs, who hate Brexit.
The Labour Party decided their Brexit policy at conference. It was a Party decision - they’re a democratic party.
